smudge
Menu
Home
Apps
Websites
Graphic Design
Smudge Dashboard
Free Wallpapers
Contact
IMPORTANT
You will never be asked to share your login password or personal details with anybody from our support service.
Reaction Timer does not see, collect or store your information or personal data at any time. Game scores and highscores are stored on your iPhone or iPad and are not uploaded to the cloud. These highscores can be reset and highscore saving can be turned off in the settings of the Reaction Timer app.
Reaction Timer for macOS does not currently record game highscores.
                    Reaction Timer may display advertisements within the app. You can learn more about the data that is collected for the advertisements
here
.
CalcKey does not store any information that is input through the CalcKey keyboard and all calculations performed within the app are done on device. If you choose to change the CalcKey Theme, CalcKey stores your chosen theme preference on your device which can be removed at any time by pressing the "Reset CalcKey", then "Confirm" button at the bottom of the Theme Chooser View.
Copy Parrot requires users to sign up to use the service. When creating an account you are required to enter your email address and a password. This information will be stored on the server. Please make sure that your password is as strong as possible. Anybody with access to your account can change the information in your clipboards. Please do not store any private or sensitive information in the clipboards, such as passwords, for this reason.
App Design Studio stores and syncs the projects, views and layers that you create in iCloud. Any changes made to the projects, views or layers will be automatically saved in iCloud and sync to all of your other devices that are signed in to the same iCloud account and have the App Design Studio app installed on Mac or iPad. These can be deleted within the app and will be removed from iCloud and all other devices signed in to the same iCloud account. All changes made will also be viewable in the App Design Viewer app for iPhone and iPad, on devices that are signed in to the same iCloud account and any other accounts that you have shared the project with.
Designs in App Design Viewer can be exported as a PNG image and saved to the Photo Library by you or anybody with shared access to the project. You must not share any designs that you do not want to be saved. You can remove shared access from any other users, however any images saved from the App Design Viewer app by the shared used will not be removed when shared access is removed.
Eddie requires users to sign up to use the service. When creating an account you are required to enter your email address and a password. This information will be stored on the server. Please make sure that your password is as strong as possible. Anybody with access to your account can edit your documents. Please do not store any private or sensitive information in your documents, such as passwords, for this reason.
Eddie 5.0 and onwards includes a feature called Eddie Public Documents. You can make any of your documents available to the public using the Eddie App on iPhone and iPad. Public documents can then be shared using the link found in Eddie and can be read by any user on the eddie.smudge.cloud website. You do not need to have the Eddie app installed or an Eddie account to view Eddie Public Documents. As the Public Documents are stored on the web they can be viewed and found by anybody, even if you have not sent them the link. Eddie Public Documents can not be edited by any user other than the creator, however this does not stop people from copying your work from the website. Make sure that you do not publish any offensive, sensitive or otherwise personal information to Eddie Public Documents.
All Eddie Public Documents must comply with the Terms and conditions that can be found at
http://eddie.smudge.cloud/terms
Any documents that breach these terms may be immediately removed and result in your account being suspended with no refund. You must read and agree with all of the
Terms and Conditions
before making any of your documents public.
Stock Control requires you to sign in using your existing Smudge Dashboard account, or create a new Smudge Dashboard account to use the app. Once your account is created, a new Stock List will be automatically set up for you which you can add products to.
You can invite other user's of the app to share your stock list. You can choose which locations that the people you invite have access to. Anybody that you invite to your stock list will be able to view and edit the data in your stock list in the locations that you allow them to access. You can remove access for a specific user in the settings section of the Stock Control app. The email address that you use to sign in to the app and the name of your stock list will be shared with anybody that you add to Shared Access to view your stock list.
Any product details, product photos, descriptions, quantity values, locations and other data that you enter in to the app will be linked to your account through your user ID, which is linked to your email address. This data is stored in a cloud service to allow for syncing across devices. Your stock list data will be available on any device that you use to sign in with the same login details. Product details may be read by server side code to perform some actions, including, but not limited to, low stock alert notifications.
All data is stored on the server. Please keep your password safe to prevent others from accessing and editing your data. Your password is not required by other team members to access the data, they should create their own accounts for maximum control and security, then simply be added to view the list using the Shared Access settings.
YOU SHOULD NOT SHARE YOUR LOGIN DETAILS WITH ANYBODY ELSE.
You will recieve a 14 day free trial of Tier 1 when you first start using the app. A subscription is required after your free trial expires or if you wish to upgrade to a higher tier for more products.
By using the Marley service you agree to all of the terms and conditions below. If you do not agree to any of the terms below you MUST stop using the service immediately.
All images uploaded to Marley are sent to a cloud OCR service to convert the text in the images into text that can then be displayed or read. The text found inside the images is then sent to a cloud based text-to-speech service to generate the reading audio file.
You should NOT upload any sensitive data to the Marley service including, but not limited to, passwords full address and contact information or any other sensitive files.
The features and access of the Marley website, iOS App and other services, terms and conditions and privacy policy may be updated or changed at any time.
All images selected in the Metadata app are analysed on device to provide the metadata information about the image or file that has been chosen. These images and metadata information are not uploaded to the cloud and any metadata information about the image that is displayed is removed from the app when you choose another image or quit the app from running in the background. You should NOT upload any sensitive data to Metadata including, but not limited to, passwords, full address and contact information or any other sensitive files.
Pickout does not store or record information about your game play. The current state of the active game, such as the number of players in the game and the number of discs each player has collected in that game, is kept on device and not uploaded. This information is then cleared at the end of each game once somebody has won, or the app is quit from running in the background of your device. Purchase state of additional games such as Pickout Rapid within the app are stored locally on device and purchases can be restored using the same iTunes Account used to make the purchase previously.
InstantGrid does not collect or store any of your personal data. All image processing and editing is performed and stored on device and is not uploaded to the cloud. Images exported from the app are saved on your device to your Photo Library. Images selected within the app are not uploaded to the cloud by the app. Providing InstantGrid access to your Photo Library allows you to choose photos to edit within the app and InstantGrid does not use any of your photos, other than the ones you choose to edit.
Typr for iPhone, iPad and Mac does not see, collect or store your information or personal data at any time. Your best time (highscore) for completing Typr is stored on your device and is not uploaded to the cloud.
Typr includes a Game Center leaderboard to allow you to compete against friends and other players. Your score is submitted to the leaderboard at the end of each game. Only your best score will be displayed on the leaderboard. You can learn more about
Game Center
and how to manage your Game Center preferences on Apple's website
here
.
Typr may display advertisements within the app. You can learn more about the data that is collected for the advertisements
here
.
App Icon Generator does not save or store any icons/images added to the app. Any icons/images exported by the app are saved on your device in the location that you specify after clicking the 'Export' button.
All recording of events including the start and end time, event title and description are recorded on device. The events can then be saved to the calendar that you choose. The location of the saved calendar events will depend on the settings of the calendar that you choose to save to. Please check your calendar settings under the Accounts section in the settings app.
The 10 game does NOT store any data of player numbers, target scores or any game times.
Character Counter does not store or save any text entered in to the app on device or in the cloud. All of the counting features are performed on device.
At the end of each game, the Combien app will check if the score that you achieved is a new personal high score. Only your highest score for each difficulty level is saved. These high scores are saved on device and are not uploaded to the cloud. Combien does not record any other data from your game play.
Combien may display advertisements within the app. You can learn more about the data that is collected for the advertisements
here.
The data from the scanned cards are stored on device and synced to any other devices signed in to the same iCloud account. This includes the scanned card image, all extracted data and all data entered manually. Any data and cards that are deleted are also synced across devices signed in to the same iCloud account. The OCR text recognition feature and document scanner feature uses Apple's on device Vision Framework.
The photos that you import to the app are stored on device and synced to any other devices signed in to the same iCloud account. The app does not store or access any photos in your library other than you choose to import. The colouring data that is used to show colour on your photo, the date the image was imported and the date the image was last modified in the app, is saved on device and synced to any other devices signed in to the same iCloud account. Any images and colouring data that is deleted are also synced across devices signed in to the same iCloud account.
The Whats The Date In (WTDI) date calculator app does not store any dates or calculations entered in to the app. The position of the sun and moon graphic on the screen is roughly calculated based on the date you have entered and your current location, if access to location services is granted. If you do not grant access to your location, a default location in London will be used to calculate the position of the sun and moon. The position of the sun and moon are for design purposes only and should not be relied upon as being accurate. You can revoke access to location services at any time in the device's Settings app. All calculations are performed on device, including the location data and is not stored. You can add events to your calendar for the calculated date. These events will be saved to your default calendar for that device. The calendar event may be synced to other devices if the calendar is linked to iCloud or other cloud based calendar services.
Bulk Image Editor does not save or store any images that you import within the app. Any images exported by the app are saved on your device in the location that you specify after clicking the 'Export' button. If you choose to save the exported images to a cloud location (such as iCloud), these images may be synced to other devices through that cloud service.
Developer Colour Palette saves your recently used colours and any colours that you add to your favourites on device. Recents and Favourites will also sync through iCloud to your other Apple Devices if you are signed in to an iCloud account.
To create additional palettes, you are required to create or sign in using your Smudge account. Any palettes that you create, colours, notes and tiles you add will be saved to the cloud and synced to your other devices signed in to the same account. You can delete these colours and palettes from with the app.
The image picker feature that allows you to drag over the image to choose a colour from the image is done on device. If you have an active subscription, the image will be processed using Google's Vision AI API to detect and extract the dominant colours from the image.
If you have an active subscription and use the AI Palette Assistant feature to get generate a palette, the prompt phrase that you enter will be sent to and processed by OpenAI's Chat API.
AI features including the AI Palette Assistant and AI Image Colour Extraction features both require an active subscription and are both limited to 100 uses/month. This usage limit is automatically reset on the 1st day of each month. These limits may be changed at any time. Fair use restrictions apply.
Business Expenses saves any data that you enter in to the app to the server, and will sync this data across all devices where you are signed in with the same account. All data entered, including, but not limited to, expense name, amount, tags, descriptions, dates, attachment files and sub-items, will be linked to you using the email addesss that you use to sign in to this app.
You can delete any of the expense items from within the app. Deleted items will also be removed from other devices where you are signed in with the same account, next time you refresh the app to fetch the latest data on each device.
The Business Expenses app allows you to scan receipts using the camera on the device as well as import images or PDF files from the device. Images and files imported through the "Add Expense Item" menu on the list view of the app, will be sent to Microsoft Azure for processing to analyse and extract the data from the image. This will then be saved to the expense item. We can NOT guarantee the accuracy or completeness of these results and it is very important that you check this manually after the processing is complete. Please see Microsoft Azure's terms & conditions and privacy policy to understand how this information will be used.
The search and filters feature built in to the app processes all search terms and filtering on device. The search and filters results are retruned based on the data on the device. It is important that you make sure you have the most up to date version of the data before performing searches or filtering.  We can NOT guarantee the accuracy or completeness of these search and filter results.
Some of these features, including viewing, editing and adding new expense items require an active subscription and have some limits in place on the number of items that can be added each month, based on the subscription tier that you choose. This usage limit is automatically reset on the 1st day of each month. These limits may be changed at any time. Fair use restrictions apply.
Verbal Fluency for iPhone, iPad and Mac does not see, collect or store any of your game play data. This includes your selected letter, time, word length or any of the words that you enter while playing the game.
Verbal Fluency may display advertisements within the app. You can learn more about the data that is collected for the advertisements
here
.
Payment information that you enter in to Perri, including the amount, title and date added, will be uploaded to iCloud and also store a local copy of the data on your device for speed and offline viewing. Any information added to the app will also be available on all of your other devices that are signed in to the same iCloud account and have Perri installed. Any repeat payments that are detected by the app will also be stored if you ask Perri to remember the repeat payment. Any changes made or payments deleted will also be removed from the on device copy of the data and any other devices signed in to the same iCloud account.
We do not see or store your iCloud email address or password at any time.
After downloading the app you will receive a 14 day free trial. Once this expires you will be required to purchase a 12 Month (365 day) Subscription to continue using the service. This subscription will be valid on all of your devices signed in to the same iCloud account.
Social Snaps does not store or record the images you create using the app or any of the information that you enter in to your designs. Granting access to the camera and photo library allows you to import your photos or take a new one when using the image layer. No photos that are taken in the app, or chosen with the image picker are uploaded, saved or stored by Social Snaps. Social Snaps also does NOT back up your photo library.
You can save your designs that you create in the app to your photo library. All of the design,  processing, rendering and saving is done on device and is not uploaded to the cloud. Once you use the back arrow in the top left corner and press "Yes", or quit the Social Snaps app from running in the background of your device, all of the current design will be deleted from the canvas.
In-App Adverts
Some of the apps above may display adverts. The apps that include adverts will disclose this in thier individual privacy policies above.
To improve the performace of the adverts, the following information may be collected:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.