Privacy Policy
Contact: <asowidgets [at] gmail.com>
📈 Track your keywords rankings on the AppStore
ASO Widgets allows you to track your rankings on the AppStore for a list of keywords, directly from widgets on your home screen.
📱 Screenshots
🕵️ Privacy policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. Your data is your own. We make no claims to it and will only use it according to the policies outlined below.
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
ASO Widgets allows you to track app rankings on the App Store. It is not transmitted outside of the app.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
No Personally-Identifying Information is transmitted to external locations when using ASO Widgets.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The ASO Widgets website identify and track visitors, their usage of ASO Widgets website, and their website access preferences. The ASO Widgets website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using ASO Widgets’s websites.
Business Transfers
If ASO Widgets, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that ASO Widgets goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of ASO Widgets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, ASO Widgets may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in ASO Widgets’s sole discretion. ASO Widgets encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Limited Warranties
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.
Adapted from the automattic.com privacy policy under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.