Data protection and data security are important to COPRESENCE AG («COPRESENCE»; «we»). We process your personal data responsibly, in accordance with applicable laws, and as described in this Privacy Notice.
Content of this Privacy Notice
In this Privacy Notice, we explain how we collect and process personal data (data that directly or indirectly identifies you) when you visit
www.copresence.tech
(«Website»), use our Copresence App («App») use our social media company pages, contact us, attend our events or use our services.
Controller of the data processing
COPRESENCE is the controller of the data processing described in this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions or would like to exercise your statutory data protection rights, please contact us at
privacy@copresence.tech
or write to:
COPRESENCE AG
Data Protection
Tiefenhöfe 10
8001 Zürich
Switzerland
Our representative in the EU is:
COPRESENCE GmbH
Data Protection
Speyerer Str. 4-6
69115 Heidelberg
Germany
You can contact the representative at
privacy@copresence.tech
Personal data we process in order to respond to your inquiries and to inform about our services
We collect the information you provide to us when you contact us and communicate with us, when you apply for a job with us, when you use our services, when you register and use our app, or when you register for an event.
This includes general personal data, such as name and contact details, and details of your position or role with the organisation on whose behalf (e.g., your employer) you are contacting us.
If you provide us with personal data of other persons (e.g., customers, family members, or coworkers), please ensure that the respective persons are aware of the data processing described herein. Please only provide us with their respective personal data if you are allowed to do so under the applicable data protection law and if such personal data is accurate and up to date
.
We also process personal data that we receive from third parties. This regularly includes personal data that we receive in correspondence or in meetings with customers or business partners e.g. your name and details of your role within a company.
To the extent necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, we also collect general personal data from publicly accessible registers, websites or platforms (e.g. to verify your authorization to sign) or by obtaining information from third parties (e.g. for reference purposes in the application process if you consent to this).
Making available and using our Website and Copresence App
Usage for information
You can visit the Website and find out about our services without telling us who you are. As with any connection to a web server, the server on which we provide the Website automatically logs and stores certain technical data. This includes the IP address, the date and time of access and other information that your browser sends when you access a website (e.g. browser name and version, operating system, preferred language).
Use of our App
When you register and use the App as a user, we collect the information you provide to us. This includes general personal data such as name and email address as well as personal information that you upload, generate, store and process when using the App.
Avatar photo scans
In particular, we will store the Avatar photo scans including depth images of the persons head. Derived from the images, Copresence generates a detailed 3D model of the scanned person's head shape ("3D Mesh"), which also contains textures with the color information of a person's head, and which may contain biometric data.
Financial data
If you use parts of the App that are for payment or order paid services, we also ask for your financial data, e.g. your credit card number, preferred payment method and billing address.
Use of cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies on the Website to provide you with the best possible user experience, to help us improve and optimize our services. Cookies are text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or use an app.
Choices regarding cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to ask each time before storing a cookie. You can also delete cookies on your device by using the corresponding function of your browser. Please note however, that some features of the Website may not be available if you decline to accept cookies.
Use of our social media company pages
On our company pages or through our presence on social media platforms, you will find information on current developments at COPRESENCE and our range of services. The respective social media platforms collect and analyse usage data such as the number of visitors and demographic information about the visitors of our company page.
We may receive reports based on this data. The reports only contain aggregated or otherwise sufficiently anonymized data. Only the providers of the respective social media platform can identify you on the basis of the usage data collected.
For what purposes we process your personal data and on which basis
We process your personal data primarily to make available COPRESENCE’s App, your use of the Avatar, and related services, to inform you about our services, and to provide, document and invoice our services in accordance with our contractual and legal obligations.
We also process your personal data for the following additional purposes:
analysis and optimization of the use of the Website and COPRECENSE’s App
making available the website, Web App and native Apps
analysis, testing, optimizing and innovating on our avatar generation and scanning technology
answering your inquiries and communicating with you
processing registrations for events
marketing and advertising (for clarity, COPRESENCE will not use any avatar photo scans or user names as part of a marketing campaign)
processing job applications
providing and optimizing our posts on our social media company pages as well as our presence on social media platforms
informing you about new services and developments at COPRESENCE
complying with legal obligations and enforcing legal claims
We or third parties have a legitimate interest in the data processing described herein that corresponds to the mentioned purposes. Some processing is also necessary for us to comply with contractual obligations to you or with our legal obligations (e.g. data retention obligations). On this basis, we process your personal data if and to the extent that the applicable data protection law requires a legal basis or justification for the lawfulness of the data processing in general or for specific processing activities.
If we ask for your consent to process personal data, we will do so separately and in relation to specific types of personal data or data processing (e.g. the consent for processing personal data in connection with creating and storing the Avatar, which we ask for as part of the Terms of Use).
We also create and analyze anonymized data based on parts of the Avatar data or aggregated user data.
How we store and protect your personal data
We store your personal data only to the extent and for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or to comply with legal obligations.
In the interest of the integrity and confidentiality of personal data, we take appropriate technical and organizational measures. In particular, we implement physical and logical access controls and procedures for the regular review, assessment and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures in accordance with our risk assessment.
With whom we share your personal data
In order to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, it may be necessary for us to disclose your personal data to other business or organizations that decide themselves how to use the data. The categories of recipients are as follows:
external service providers
authorities and courts, if necessary
We do not sell, share, or disclose personal data to any other third party.
Place of processing
We process your personal data primarily within Switzerland and the EU. At the moment we use a data center in Germany for the storage of our data. In order to achieve some of the purposes described above, it may also be necessary for us to process your personal data in countries outside Switzerland and the EU or to transfer it to such countries.
We process your personal data in or transfer the data to countries without adequate data protection on the basis of standard data protection clauses or legal exceptions (necessity for performance of a contract).
Your rights in relation to your personal data
You have the following rights with regard to personal data relating to you:
the right to obtain information about what personal data we hold about you and how we process it
the right to obtain a copy of your personal data in a commonly used format, or to have such copy transferred to another organization
the right to have your personal data rectified
the right to have your personal data deleted
the right to object to the processing of your personal data
Please note that you are entitled to these rights to different extents depending on the applicable data protection law, and that exceptions apply. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may, therefore, refuse your request to exercise these rights. However, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority. In COPRESENCE’s case the primary supervisory authority is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland.
How we can change this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time, in particular if we change our data processing practices or if new legal obligations become applicable. The version published on our Website and in our App is the applicable version.
Version 2.0 – July 2023