Privacy Policy
Your data protection is taken seriously. We have adopted this privacy policy, which provides the basis for our processing of your personal data, and tells you how we process your personal data. We take a continuous view of how we treat your data as best as possible. Therefore, we are particularly aware of the risk of manipulation, ID theft, financial loss, reputation loss and data fraud in general.
Data Manager and contact information
Xmania is the data controller for the following websites and webshops
Contact Information:
JD EMPIRE LIMITED
51 Bracken Road Dublin 18 Ireland D18CV48
Registered in Ireland Registration no: 751061 Tax: 04236626AH
Contact Information on Data Protection Advisor:
Jan Fiderak
+353872754125
info@xmania.eu
Data processing takes place on an informed basis
By the time you submit your personal data, we will inform you about the data we collect and the purpose for which we collect this data. The disclosure will either be made through reference to this privacy policy, where a number of common data collections and purposes are described, or in the form of separate information for you, including any request for acceptance from you.
The data we have about you
Our processing of your personal data is done to provide better service to you and to ensure the quality of the products and services we provide to you.
Data may be collected and processed by us in connection with the following contact with us:
Use of our website, including webshop without simultaneous purchase
Inquiries to us per. mail, phone or letter
Purchase through our webshop including delivery of order and delivery of the item
Customer service inquiries per. phone or via our website
Competitions, events and the like
Data that can be collected and processed includes:
Contact information e.g. name, address, phone number, mail.
Order data, purchase history, payment information.
Consent to marketing, newsletters or competitions.
Personal data, including contact information, in mails to our employees.
User behavior associated with using the website collected through cookies.
The purpose of processing your personal data
Collection and processing of your personal data will be based on specific disclosed purposes or other legitimate business purposes.
Such purposes may include:
Treatment of your purchase and delivery of our order
Completion of agreement based on your request
Administration of your relationship with us
Operation and optimization of our website
Compliance with Legislative Requirements
Customer service and general communication with us
Sending newsletters and marketing material from us or one of our partners
Exclusive processing of relevant data
Your personal data will be processed solely on the basis of the purposes stated, including, possibly, by reference to this Privacy Policy and the purposes explained above. Only data necessary for fulfilling these purposes will be relevant and our processing will therefore limit itself to such personal data.
Before we process your personal data, we make a concrete assessment of whether it is possible to limit the amount of personal data to be collected and processed. In addition, we make a concrete assessment of whether it is possible to process your personal data anonymously or pseudonymized.
Only processing of necessary data
Our processing of your personal data will only include the data that is required to process according to the stated purpose, as well as data necessary for compliance with legal or contractual obligations.
Your personal data will be continuously reviewed and updated
Personal data we collect will be checked and updated continuously so that we ensure that the data collected is not incorrect or misleading.
Should there be any relevant changes related to the personal data we have obtained about you, please contact our customer service (info@xmania.eu) for the information to be changed.
In order to ensure the quality of your data, we have adopted internal rules and established procedures for checking and updating your personal data.
Deleting unnecessary personal data
Once the purpose of collecting and processing your personal data is met, the information will be deleted.
We keep your information until the purpose is no longer present and we have assessed a need for the following storage periods:
Use one of our website, including webshop, without simultaneous purchase.
See the section below about cookies, where you can see the concrete storage periods.
Inquiries to us per mail, phone or letter
Inquiries per. mail directly to one of our employees or forwarded by one of our collaborators to one of our employees, which relates to Xmania, will be deleted when the purpose of the storage is no longer present, which is determined specifically by the individual mail in relation to the purpose with the inquiry and the contents of the mail, including whether the mail falls under one of the other categories listed in this section. Inquiries per. mail to one of our non-Xmania employees will be deleted after notification to the sender if the inquiry does not give the employee the opportunity to undertake further.
Xmania has a general deletion policy, after which employees must delete or anonymize personal data when there is no longer any purpose of storage.
Buy via webshop
Refer to the terms and conditions of our webshop
Create user profile via our webshop
Refer to the terms and conditions of the webshop
Customer service inquiries
Xmania has a general deletion policy, after which employees must delete or anonymize personal data when there is no longer any purpose of storage. The storage period may depend on the nature of the inquiry, including whether the information is stored as part of a complaint, use of a product warranty, or on other legal or contractual basis.
Competitions, events, etc.
We store your personal data collected in connection with competitions, events, etc. as long as there are a purpose for this. For example, the storage period for a competition will typically be until the winner is announced and for events until it is completed.
If you have agreed to receive newsletters or other marketing materials, we will keep your information until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing material. In the case of single item submission, we keep your information until there is no longer any purpose of storage, or in accordance with the specific consent.
Acceptance of consent before data processing or processing on other legal basis
We only process personal data about you for the purposes indicated. Before we process the data, we obtain your consent or base your treatment on another legitimate basis. We inform you about the purpose of collecting and processing your personal data, including reference to this privacy policy, where you can find the basis for a variety of situations.
Your consent is voluntary and you can withdraw it at any time by contacting us. If you have any questions or would like to withdraw your consent, please contact info@xmania.eu.
Please note that if you choose to withdraw your consent in relation to information submitted to us, we will not be able to process your information unless we are legally or contractually bound to do so.
If you choose to withdraw your consent, it does not affect the legality of our processing of your personal data based on your prior consent and until the date of withdrawal. If you withdraw your consent, therefore, it will not be effective until this date.
For example, we obtain consent in the following cases:
Creating user profiles via our webshop
Participation in competitions, events, etc.
Other basis than consent for our processing of your information
Use of our website, including webshop, without simultaneous purchase
If you are asked to accept this privacy policy via the pop-up on our page
See also the section below about cookies.
Buy via webshop
For purchases through our webshop, where you provide contact information and payment information without the user being created simultaneously, the privacy policy of the webshop terms of sale applies to your disclosure of information that is required to complete the purchase.
Customer service inquiries
Pr. Telephone: Here is the basis for processing your personal data that your inquiry to us will be done on your own initiative. If your information is gathered in connection with your inquiry, you will receive an email with reference to this privacy policy.
Protection of personal data
Our processing of personal data is governed by rules we have adopted internally. The rules contain instructions and actions for the purpose of protecting your personal data. Thus, we will process your personal data in a way that prevents personal data from being destroyed, lost, being changed, being unauthorized, and unauthorized access or knowledge of your personal data.
We have established procedures for granting access rights to those of our employees who handle sensitive personal data and data that reveal information about personal interests and habits. We control their actual access through logging and supervision. In order to avoid data loss, we take continuous backup of our data sets. We also protect the confidentiality and authenticity of your data by encryption.
In case of a security breach that results in a high risk of discrimination, ID theft, financial loss, reputation loss or other significant inconvenience, we will notify you of the security breach as soon as possible.
Disclosure of personal data
We only pass your personal data to public authorities where the law prescribes it.
In addition, we may leave your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
External IT Suppliers
Our partners in the form of suppliers and subcontractors of goods and services, such as transportation and delivery, to you on behalf of us
Suppliers of cookie services to the websites. The details of the use of the individual cookies and the disclosure of personal data to third parties based on cookies can be found in the cookie policy on our website.
Transfers to recipients in third countries, including international organizations
In some cases, we will transfer your personal data to recipients outside the EU and the EEA.
This happens in connection with some of our use of cookie services on our website with the purpose of running and optimizing the websites. You can find a list of recipients of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer in the cookie policy on the specific website.
In addition, we transfer information to certain suppliers or subcontractors or IT services outside the EU and EEA when you shop through our webshop. You can find a list of recipients of personal data outside the EU and EEA as well as the basis for the transfer in the terms and conditions of the specific webshop.
Your rights
You have a number of rights under the Data Protection Regulation in relation to our processing of information about you.
If you want to use your rights please contact us here info@xmania.eu.
You are entitled to gain insight into the information that we are processing about you, as well as a number of additional information.
Right to rectification (correction)
You are entitled to receive incorrect information about yourself.
Right to delete
In special cases, you have the right to delete information about you before the time of our general deletion occurs.
Right to limitation of treatment
You may have limited access to the processing of your personal data. If you are entitled to limited treatment, in future, we may only process the information – except for storage – with your consent or for the purpose of determining, enforcing or defending legal claims, or for protecting a person or important social interests.
Right to object
In some cases, you may object to our otherwise legitimate processing of your personal data. You can also object to us processing your information for direct marketing.
Right to transmit information (data portability)
You may, in certain cases, have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transfer these personal data from one data manager to another without hindrance.
You can read more about our use of cookies in the cookie policy
Certain cookies collect the following types of information about you that may be personal data: A unique ID, technical information about your computer, tablet or mobile phone, your IP number, geographic location, and which pages you click (interests).
This collection is made on the basis of Article of the Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as the collection is done in order to optimize the websites for your benefit.
See also the section below for the transfer of personal data and transfer to recipients in third countries.
Disclosure of personal data
We only pass your personal data to public authorities where the law prescribes it.
In addition, we may leave your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
External IT Suppliers
Our partners in the form of suppliers and subcontractors of goods and services, such as transportation and delivery, to you on behalf of us
Suppliers of cookie services to the websites. The details of the use of the individual cookies and the disclosure of personal data to third parties based on cookies can be found in the cookie policy on our website.
Auditors, lawyers and other advisers
Transfers to recipients in third countries, including international organizations
In some cases, we will transfer your personal data to recipients outside the EU and the EEA.
This happens in connection with some of our use of cookie services on our website with the purpose of running and optimizing the websites. You can find a list of recipients of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer in the cookie policy on the specific website.
In addition, we transfer information to certain suppliers or subcontractors or IT services outside the EU and EEA when you shop through our webshop. You can find a list of recipients of personal data outside the EU and EEA as well as the basis for the transfer in the terms and conditions of the specific webshop.
Your rights
You have a number of rights under the Data Protection Regulation in relation to our processing of information about you.
If you want to use your rights please contact us here info@xmania.eu.
Right to see information
You are entitled to gain insight into the information that we are processing about you, as well as a number of additional information.
Right to rectification
You are entitled to receive information about yourself.
Right to limitation of collection
You may have limited access to the processing of your personal data. If you are entitled to limited treatment, in future, we may only process the information – except for storage – with your consent or for the purpose of determining, enforcing or defending legal claims, or for protecting a person or important social interests.
Right to object
In some cases, you may object to our otherwise legitimate processing of your personal data. You can also object to processing your information for direct marketing.