提示词盒子/PromptBox、StaySleep睡着了
隐私政策 / Privacy Policy
我们尊重并保护您的隐私。本隐私政策解释了提示词盒子以及睡着了所收集的信息类型以及如何使用和保护这些信息。
提示词盒子和睡着了会收集哪些信息？
所有的数据都储存在本地。任何数据都不会被我们收集，也不会与用户的身份相联系。
提示词盒子如何保护我的隐私？
提示词盒子不会在未经您同意的情况下与第三方分享您的任何信息。
We respect and protect your privacy. This privacy policy explains what type of information StaySleep collects and how it can be used and protected. 
What information does StaySleep collect? 
All data is stored in local. No data will be collected by us, and will not link to the user's identity. 
How does StaySleep protect my privacy？ 
StaySleep does not share your any information with third parties without your agreement.
我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息/How we collect and use your personal information
个人信息是指以电子或者其他方式记录的能够单独或者与其他信息， 结合识别特定自然人身份或者反映特定自然人活动情况的各种信息。 我们根据《中华人民共和国网络安全法》和《信息安全技术个人信息安全规范》（GB/T 35273-2017） 以及其它相关法律法规的要求，并严格遵循正当、合法、必要的原则， 出于您使用我们提供的服务和/或产品等过程中而收集和使用您的个人信息。
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or by other means that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. We collect and use your personal information in accordance with the requirements of the "Network Security Law of the People's Republic of China" and "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification" (GB/T35273-2017) and other relevant laws and regulations, and in strict compliance with the principles of propriety, legality and necessity, for the process of your use of the services and/or products provided by us, etc.
我们如何存储和保护您的个人信息/How we store and protect your personal information
作为一般规则，我们仅在实现信息收集目的所需的时间内保留您的个人信息。 我们会在对于管理与您之间的关系严格必要的时间内保留您的个人信息 （例如，当您开立帐户，从我们的产品获取服务时）。 出于遵守法律义务或为证明某项权利或合同满足适用的诉讼时效要求的目的， 我们可能需要在上述期限到期后保留您存档的个人信息，并且无法按您的要求删除。 当您的个人信息对于我们的法定义务或法定时效对应的目的或档案不再必要时， 我们确保将其完全删除或匿名化。
我们使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，并加密其中的关键数据， 防止其遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。 我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击。
As a general rule, we retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain your personal information for as long as strictly necessary to manage our relationship with you (for example, when you open an account to obtain services from our products). For the purpose of complying with a legal obligation or to prove that a right or contract satisfies the applicable statute of limitations, we may need to retain your personal information on file beyond the expiration of such period and will not be able to delete it at your request. We ensure that your personal information is completely deleted or anonymized when it is no longer necessary for the purposes or files corresponding to our legal obligations or statutory limitations.
We use industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide and encrypt critical data within it to protect it from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. We use encryption technology to ensure data confidentiality; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data.
我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息/How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
在管理我们的日常业务活动所需要时，为追求合法利益以更好地服务客户， 我们将合规且恰当的使用您的个人信息。出于对业务和各个方面的综合考虑， 我们仅自身使用这些数据，不与任何第三方分享。
我们可能会根据法律法规规定，或按政府主管部门的强制性要求，对外共享您的个人信息。 在符合法律法规的前提下，当我们收到上述披露信息的请求时，我们会要求必须出具与之相应的法律文件，如传票或调查函。 我们坚信，对于要求我们提供的信息，应该在法律允许的范围内尽可能保持透明。
在以下情形中，共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息无需事先征得您的授权同意：
1、与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
2、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
3、出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
4、您自行向社会公众公开的个人信息；
5、从合法公开披露的信息中收集个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道。
6、根据个人信息主体要求签订和履行合同所必需的；
7、用于维护所提供的产品或服务的安全稳定运行所必需的，例如发现、处置产品或服务的故障；
8、法律法规规定的其他情形。
We will use your personal information in a compliant and appropriate manner as necessary to manage our day-to-day business activities and to pursue our legitimate interests to better serve our customers. Due to a combination of business and operational considerations, we have decided to use this data only for our own use and not to share it with any third party.
We may share your personal information to the public in accordance with laws and regulations, or as mandatorily required by government authorities. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of information as described above, we will request that legal documents must be produced in connection with it, such as a subpoena or letter of inquiry. We strongly believe in being as transparent as possible regarding the information we are asked to provide, to the extent permitted by law.
Prior authorized consent is not required for the sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of your personal information in the following circumstances.
Directly related to national security and national defense security.
Directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and sentence enforcement.
For the protection of your or other individuals' life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to get my consent.
Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own.
Personal information collected from legitimate publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract in accordance with the requirements of the subject of personal information.
Necessary for the maintenance of the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as the detection and disposal of product or service failures.
The laws and regulations provide for other circumstances.
本隐私政策的变更 / Changes to This Privacy Policy
我们可能会不时地更新该隐私政策。因此，建议您定期查看此页面以了解更新后的内容。我们会通过在此页面上发布新的隐私政策来通知您任何更改。这些更改在此页面上发布后立即生效。
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
帮助与支持 / Contact Us
如果您对我们的使用条款、隐私政策或App使用有任何疑问或建议，请随时通过
normalmoc@icloud.com
与我们联系。
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
normalmoc@icloud.com
.
Last Update ：2023-05-06