Talk Now - Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 31, 2024
Welcome to Talk Now!
Talk Now (the "Platform") is provided and controlled by AtlasV Global Pte. Ltd. (“We” or “Us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) sets out the basis on which any information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will handle it. By accessing or using the Platform, services, applications, products, and content (collectively, the “Services”), you acknowledge the practices described in the Policy. For purposes of the Policy, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.
Before you use or submit any information through or in connection with our Services, please carefully review this Privacy Policy. By using any part of our Services, you understand that your information will be collected, used, and disclosed as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
SUMMARY
- What information do we collect about you?
We collect and process information about you if you use the Platform and interact with the Services and related content such as our web pages. This includes your mobile phone number(if you provide), technical and behavioral information(including text content) about your use of the Services.
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements, we may ask for your name, physical address, and identity card. However, it is not mandatory to provide this information. If you choose not to provide it, we will implement the highest level of precaution to prevent scams and other illegal activities. However, if you want to use the service without strong limitations and agree to provide this information, we will collect and verify the necessary information to ensure compliance with legal requirements.
- How will we use the information about you?
We utilize the information to enhance, maintain and deliver our Services. Additionally, we may employ this data to ensure your safety, adhering to legal and regulatory obligations.
- Who do we share your information with?
We may share your information with third-party service providers who help us to deliver the Platform, or with any member of our group to improve the Platform or for internal business purposes. Where and when required by law, we will share your information with law enforcement agencies or regulators, and with third parties pursuant to a legally binding court order.
- Why do we keep hold of your information?
We keep your information for the duration necessary to provide you with services and fulfill our contractual obligations and rights related to the collected information. If the information is not required for providing services, we retain it only as long as there is a legitimate business purpose or a legal obligation to do so. Additionally, we will retain your information if we deem it necessary for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims.
- How will we notify you of any changes to the Policy?
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to the Policy through a notice on the Platform. However, you should look at the Policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy constitutes your consent to the updated Policy. If you do not consent to the updated Policy, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
1. The types of information we collect
Information you choose to provide. When you register or otherwise interact with the Services, you may give us information and content. We may also collect your feedback about the Services if you choose to provide it. Information we collect automatically. We may collect the following information about you:
Personal Information.
In order to comply with the law in different jurisdictions, local law enforcement asks us to collect some information that can identify you in some particular situations. You can choose not to provide but you will be implemented the highest level of precaution to prevent scams and other illegal activities. Therefore, if you want to use the service without strong limitations and agree to provide this information, we will collect and verify the necessary information, such as ID Card, Driver License, Passport, Phone Number, Physical address, to ensure compliance with legal requirements.
Technical information.
We automatically collect certain information from you when you access or use the Services, including IP address, network type and connections, mobile or device model, device manufacturer, mobile phone area, application version number, operating system, information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, CPU and GPU information, device resolution, system language and region, and information regarding your use of the Platform.
Behavioral information.
We also collect information regarding your use of the Services, e.g., phone calling acts. Information we obtain from other sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services or providers. For example, if you access third-party services through the Services or share information about your experience on the Services with others, we may collect information from these third-party services.
Cookies.
Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to collect certain information, including personal data, from you in order to provide certain features and functionality. We and our service providers and business partners use Cookies to collect data and recognize you and your device(s) on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. We do this to measure the traffic and functionality of our website.
2. How we use your information
We will use the information in the following ways:
We may use your information to:
provide you with the Services;
notify you about changes to the Services;
provide you with user support;
enforce our terms, conditions, and policies;
communicate with you.
As it is in our legitimate interests to be responsive to you and to ensure the proper functioning of our products and organization, we may use your information to:
improve the Platform and to ensure tools on the Platform are presented in the most effective manner for you and your device(s);
administer the Platform and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform when you choose to do so;
keep the Platform safe and secure;
develop our Platform and conduct product development;
prevent fraud and spam and enforce the law.
3. How we share your information
We don’t sell any of your information and we impose restrictions on how partners can use the data we provide. We may disclose the categories of personal information discussed above for a business purpose to selected third parties in or outside your country, including with:
our service providers, suppliers, and subcontractors who help us run the Platform;
data analytics, crash analytics, and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Platform. We may share your information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, or companies that we control, are controlled or under common control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above, as permitted by applicable law, to assist in the improvement and optimization of the Platform, or for our internal business purposes.
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation, process, or request;
enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address security, fraud, or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, a third party, or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction);
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. In this case, we will ensure that the terms of the Policy are observed and will inform you in advance if the transfer implies any change to these terms. Finally, we may share information otherwise with your consent or at your direction.
4. Third-party content
The Services may contain links to content maintained by third parties who we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by the Policy.
5. Where we store your information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at, a destination inside or outside of your country, for the purposes as described in the Policy. By submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing, or processing. We will take reasonable steps to secure your information and treat it in accordance with the Policy.
6. Your choices
We provide tools in settings that allow you to control how you use the Platform. If you have any questions on how to use or want to know about any rights you may have in the country where you live, please contact us.
7. The security of your information
We will take reasonable steps to secure your information and treat it in accordance with the Policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through the Platform. We have put in place technical and organizational measures that we will amend and update from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
8. Data retention
We will delete your information upon request. Otherwise, we will use the following criteria to determine the period for which we will keep your information:
Our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligations under applicable laws and regulations to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable laws;
our legitimate business purposes; and
disputes or potential disputes. After you have terminated your use of our Services, we may store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may also retain any personal information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, allow us to resolve and litigate disputes, and enforce our agreements.
9. Information relating to children
Our services are not intended for users under the age of 13, or the minimum age required by applicable data protection laws in your jurisdiction. If you are under the specified age, you are not allowed use our Platform. If we become aware that personal information has been collected from a person under the relevant age, we will delete the user’s information in accordance with applicable law. If you believe that we may have information about or collected from a child under the relevant age, please contact us.
10. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal information, please contact us in the first instance at DPO@atlasv.com and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your information protection authority or follow the dispute process.
11. Changes
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to the Policy, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Policy regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy constitutes your consent to the updated Policy. If you do not consent to the updated Policy, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
12. Contact
Questions, comments, and requests regarding the Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Legal Entity: AtlasV Global Pte. Ltd.
Legal Email: legal@atlasv.com
Support Email: support_textmaster@atlasv.com
Report Abuse Email: abuse@textmaster.world
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – Vonage API
Vonage is a phone numbers management and communication service provided by Vonage Holdings Corp.
Vonage Holdings Corp. processes all personal data submitted by you exclusively on the basis of the General Data Protection Regulation, and will be transferred with SSL/TLS- encrypted and only use them to perform requested video or photo processing.
Place of processing:
United States –
Privacy Policy
;
United Kingdom –
Privacy Policy
.
For more information on the privacy practices of Vonage, please visit the Vonage Privacy Policy web page:
https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
We engage Vonage Holdings Corp. that acts as a data processor on our behalf in order to be able to provide you with messaging services within the App. Sending messages (SMS, MMS, Chat) using our App and Vonage's platform can be possible only when all applicable policies, regulations and laws are properly observed. Therefore, while sending messages using the phone numbers and other services available within the App you agree to be bound by and comply with the following requirements:
It is strictly prohibited to use the App for sending messages with the content that is illegal, harmful, unwanted, inappropriate, objectionable, confirmed to be criminal misinformation, or otherwise poses threat to the public, or that violates any law and/or regulation in the country where the message recipient lives (e.g. messages related to cannabis, offers for prescription medication that cannot legally be sold over-the-counter, messages containing hate speech, malicious content, etc.). It is also prohibited to send messages related to high-risk financial services, third-party lead generation services (companies that buy, sell, or share consumer information), “get rich quick” schemes, debt collection or forgiveness, gambling, as well as messages containing "S.H.A.F.T." (sex, hate, alcohol, firearms, tobacco) use cases. The specified list of prohibited content is not exhaustive, messages containing these categories of content cannot be sent via the App regardless of the fact whether or not you get consent from message recipients for such content. You undertake to comply with all requirements contained in the specified documents while using the App.
When you use the App to send messages, you also agree to take into account and comply with the requirements regarding the recipient’s consent to receive messages from you (including possible forms, scenarios of obtaining such consent), opt-out mechanisms, as well as with sender identification requirements.
Content verification for US/Canadian destination numbers. Please note that all content of messages that you send and/or transmit via the App to United States and Canadian numbers is subject to monitoring and verification process by Vonage Business Inc. Particularly, Vonage proactively identifies and does not accept the messages in violation of the
Vonage Terms of Service
. The messages that are proactively identified as messages in violation of
Vonage Terms of Service
will be returned as an error prior to reaching carrier networks. Moreover, in the event that your message(s) violates
Vonage Terms of Service
or other applicable regulations your access to the App and/or to messaging services available within the App may be suspended or terminated. Taking into account the foregoing, you hereby provide us and Vonage Holdings Corp. with your relevant permission for collecting, processing, storing and monitoring the content of all messages you send using the App for the purpose of detecting spam, fraudulent activity, and violations of
Vonage Terms of Service
.
Your failure to provide relevant permissions and comply with the requirements stated above means that you cannot use the messaging services available via the App.
This
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – Vonage API
are incorporated into the present Privacy policy and constitute its integral part. By accepting the Privacy policy containing this
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – Vonage API
you hereby express you consent and give all appropriate permissions and authorizations regarding data processing, storage and sharing, the applicable procedures for sending messages and message content monitoring, as well as other issues reflected herein.
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – Twilio API
Twilio is a phone numbers management and communication service provided by Vonage Holdings Corp.
Twilio Inc. processes all personal data submitted by you exclusively on the basis of the General Data Protection Regulation, and will be transferred with SSL/TLS- encrypted and only use them to perform requested video or photo processing.
Place of processing:
United States –
Privacy Policy
;
For more information on the privacy practices of Twilio, please visit the Twilio Privacy Policy web page:
https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/privacy
.
We engage Twilio Inc. that acts as a data processor on our behalf in order to be able to provide you with messaging services within the App. Sending messages (SMS, MMS, Chat) using our App and Vonage's platform can be possible only when all applicable policies, regulations and laws are properly observed. Therefore, while sending messages using the phone numbers and other services available within the App you agree to be bound by and comply with the following requirements:
It is strictly prohibited to use the App for sending messages with the content that is illegal, harmful, unwanted, inappropriate, objectionable, confirmed to be criminal misinformation, or otherwise poses threat to the public, or that violates any law and/or regulation in the country where the message recipient lives (e.g. messages related to cannabis, offers for prescription medication that cannot legally be sold over-the-counter, messages containing hate speech, malicious content, etc.). It is also prohibited to send messages related to high-risk financial services, third-party lead generation services (companies that buy, sell, or share consumer information), “get rich quick” schemes, debt collection or forgiveness, gambling, as well as messages containing "S.H.A.F.T." (sex, hate, alcohol, firearms, tobacco) use cases. The specified list of prohibited content is not exhaustive, messages containing these categories of content cannot be sent via the App regardless of the fact whether or not you get consent from message recipients for such content. You undertake to comply with all requirements contained in the specified documents while using the App.
When you use the App to send messages, you also agree to take into account and comply with the requirements regarding the recipient’s consent to receive messages from you (including possible forms, scenarios of obtaining such consent), opt-out mechanisms, as well as with sender identification requirements.
Content verification for US/Canadian destination numbers. Please note that all content of messages that you send and/or transmit via the App to United States and Canadian numbers is subject to monitoring and verification process by Twilio Inc. particularly, Twilio proactively identifies and does not accept the messages in violation of the
Twilio Terms of Service
and
Twilio Messaging Policy
. The messages that are proactively identified as messages in violation of
Twilio Terms of Service
and
Twilio Messaging Policy
will be returned as an error prior to reaching carrier networks. Moreover, in the event that your message(s) violates
Twilio Terms of Service
and
Twilio Messaging Policy
or other applicable regulations your access to the App and/or to messaging services available within the App may be suspended or terminated. Taking into account the foregoing, you hereby provide us and Vonage Holdings Corp. with your relevant permission for collecting, processing, storing and monitoring the content of all messages you send using the App for the purpose of detecting spam, fraudulent activity, and violations of
Twilio Terms of Service
and
Twilio Messaging Policy
.
Your failure to provide relevant permissions and comply with the requirements stated above means that you cannot use the messaging services available via the App.
This
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – Twilio API
are incorporated into the present Privacy policy and constitute its integral part. By accepting the Privacy policy containing this
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – Twilio API
you hereby express you consent and give all appropriate permissions and authorizations regarding data processing, storage and sharing, the applicable procedures for sending messages and message content monitoring, as well as other issues reflected herein.
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – JURISDICTION SPECIFIC
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of the Policy, the relevant jurisdiction’s Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific will supersede and control.
United States
If you are using our Services in the United States, the following additional terms apply:
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites. Our products do not support "Do Not Track" requests at this time, but you are able to adjust "Allow Tracking" option in the system setting.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents, subject to verification, may request to see what personal information we have collected about them over the past 12 months, including the categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, the categories of third parties with which the information was shared, and the specific pieces of personal information collected about them. If you are a California resident, you may also request that we delete your personal information subject to certain exceptions. Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise either of these rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different qualities of services unless those differences are related to your information. Please submit your request via legal@atlasv.com.
We do not sell personal information to third parties for purposes of the CCPA. We may permit third parties to collect personal information through our Services and share each of the categories of personal information described above with third parties for business purposes. These business purposes are described above and include providing advertising on our products and services and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called “interest-based advertising”) and website and online service analytics. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by the Policy.
Brazil
If you are using our Services in Brazil, the following additional terms apply:
Exercise of data protection rights.
Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD, once it comes into force:
a. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
b. access to your data;
c. correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data;
d. anonymization, blocking, or erasure of data;
e. portability of personal data to a third party;
f. object to the processing of personal data;
g. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
h. information about the possibility to refuse to provide personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
i. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity.
For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights.
In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation of our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request. In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights, or how to exercise them, please contact us via the provided information in "12. Contact". If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
International Transfer of Data.
We share your personal data globally with companies of our business group to carry out the activities specified in this Policy. We may also subcontract the processing of data involved in the Services or share your personal data with third parties located in other countries. Your personal data may therefore be subject to privacy laws other than those applicable in your country.
Whenever we transfer your personal data to third parties located in other countries, we will ensure that these companies comply with applicable data protection laws and we will take all measures that are reasonably necessary to ensure the existence of adequate safeguards to protect your personal data and to ensure that are processed safely.
Parental and Guardian Consent.
If required by Brazilian data protection laws, (i) if you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you can only use and register for an account with the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and you declare and represent that you had such assistance to use the Services and to agree to the Policy; (ii) if you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 16, you can only use and register for an account with the representation of your parent or legal guardian, and you must obtain the consent from your parent or legal guardian to the use of the Services and acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Language. The Terms of Service are prepared in the English language and shall prevail in other versions (if any).
DPO.
If you wish to contact the Data Protection Officer, please contact us: DPO@atlasv.com
South Korea
If you are using our Services in South Korea, the following additional terms apply:
Data retention.
We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in the Policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:
Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce:
a. Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years
b. Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years
c. Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months
d. Protection of Communications Secrets Act
e. Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
Destruction of Personal data.
We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department. Your Rights
Data rights. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us.
Data Security. We work hard to protect our Platform and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial, and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis, and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed.
Information Relating to Children. Vidma is not directed at children under the age of 14.
Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and data centers, some of whom are located abroad, subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. The entities receiving and processing your data are committed to using and storing personal data in compliance with domestic and international regulations and to taking all available physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Services, by contacting DPO@vidma.com.
EEA and Switzerland and the UK
If you are using the Services in the EEA and Switzerland or the UK (the “European Region”), the following additional terms apply:
Where we store your information
If you are a citizen of the EEA, the personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to and stored at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Where we transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA, we do so under the Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e. standard contractual clauses) pursuant to 2004/915/EC or 2010/87/EU (as appropriate).
How we share your information
If you consent to push notifications, we may also provide your device information to your operating system. Your rights You have the following rights:
a. The right to request free of charge (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal data and (ii) access to a copy of the personal data retained;
b. The right to request proper rectification or removal of your personal data or restriction of the processing of your personal data;
c. Where the processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
d. Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal;
e. The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by Union or Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract;
f. The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your right. If you object to such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing;
g.The right to object to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; and
h. The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via DPO@vidma.com.Talk Now
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/?icmp=footer_legalpolicy_privacy:
Device Type: desktop
Last updated May 07, 2024 (modified to amend Data Protection Framework Commitment section).  Click
here
for archived versions.
Vonage Privacy Policy
Last updated May 07,  2024
We know your privacy is important to you, and we want you to know it’s important to us too. This Privacy Policy is meant to explain our practices when it comes to your use of our products, services, and websites. We encourage you to take the time to review it carefully, to understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. Below, we cover the following topics:
Who we are
What information we collect
Why we collect your information and how we use it
Who we share your data with and why
How we protect your information
Where we store your information and international transfers
How long we keep your information
How to access and control your information
Other important information
How to contact us
EU-US Data Protection Framework Commitment
Additional Notices for Residents of:
US states laws
EEA and UK
Cookies and Tracking Notice
CAPTCHA
It is important to note that the following notices at the end of this Privacy Policy provide additional rights and notices that apply to some users of our services, and will govern in such circumstances:  Additional Notices for Residents of California / Nevada and Customer Proprietary Network Information Notice.  In addition, the rights of data subjects noted in the Privacy Policy under UK, EEA, Swiss and Australian law may be limited by us to where and when those laws are applicable.  Additional and differing notices may be provided at the point of collection, in which case those pre-collection notices will supplement this Privacy Policy and govern in the event of a conflict.
Who we are
Vonage Holdings Corp., including its corporate affiliates, (“Vonage,” “we,” “our”) is a global provider of cloud communications that offers various services. For our business and residential customers, we offer a complete and fully-configured unified communications solution for the delivery of end-to-end communications via voice, video, text, mobile applications, and collaboration tools. We also provide our communications services in programmable modules delivered via APIs and SDKs, enabling our customers to incorporate these services into their own applications to serve their own customers.
With Jumper.ai, our conversational commerce services, our customers can engage with their consumers throughout their buying journeys on the channels they love. F
or our business customers we also offer a contact centre solution.
If you are a customer located in the United Kingdom (“UK”) or
European Economic Area
(“EEA”), the following corporate affiliates of Vonage Holdings Corp., may also process your personal data with Vonage Holdings Corp., including for the provision of their products and services, marketing and support:
Ericsson
Vonage Business Limited (company number 03602868) with a registered address of
5 Churchill Place, 10th Floor
,
London E14 5HU UK
Vonage V.B. with a registered address of
Basisweg 10,
1043AP Amsterdam
,
The Netherlands
This Privacy Policy applies to our customers, prospective customers, our customers’ customers (both direct and indirect), job applicants, current and former employees, contractors, visitors to our company websites,and recipients of our e-mail communications.
Current employees are also governed by internal Human Resources policies, which are available upon request.
When you use our websites or our services, you acknowledge and understand that Vonage will collect, use, and share your information, as we describe in this Privacy Policy.
Note: if you’re a user of an application that is integrated or built using Vonage’s products and services, that application’s privacy policy will describe how it collects, uses, stores, and shares your data. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or actions of our customers or business partners.
What information we collect
We collect your information in the following ways:
Information you provide directly to us.
When you subscribe to our newsletters, register for one of our webinars, sign up for our services, request us to contact you, or through other interactions with us, we may ask you for certain personal information that identifies or is linked or reasonably linkable to you (“Personal Data”), such as your name, birthdate, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, company name, job title, or payment information, as well as non-Personal Data.  For instance, and without limitation:
When you request support from us, we may also collect information from you, including Personal Data, such as contact information, documentation, screenshots, or other information you or we may believe is helpful to solving the issue.
When you speak with our customer service or sales representative on the phone, your calls may be recorded and/or monitored for quality assurance, training and research purposes.
In certain circumstances and depending on the country where you reside, we may collect your Social Security number from you for a limited purpose, such as for tax reporting relating to a payment for a customer referral or to facilitate an international money transfer.
Information we collect automatically when you visit our websites.
We, our vendors and third-party services, such as our advertising and analytics providers, collect information about your visits to our websites and your interactions with our ads or content, together with information such as your IP address, location, cookies, and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers, pixels, and cross-device tracking). For more information, please see our Cookies and Tracking Notices below, which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies.
Information we get from third parties
. Third party sources of information include, without limitation:
Third party services and social media.
If you create an account or access our services through your account with a third-party service, such as Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, GitHub or Twitter, or use a social media feature through our services, certain Personal Data and other information from those third-party social media services may be shared with us, such as your interests, “likes,” and friends list. We may use this information we receive from them, for example, to personalize your Vonage experiences and marketing communications, to enhance our services, and to better serve you. Some third parties enable you to control this data sharing via options in your social media accounts. We may also collect information from third party services that are integrated with our services, such as third-party CRMs or other applications that you authorize our services to connect with. The privacy policies of third party services, and not this Privacy Policy, govern those third parties’ practices and services. This Privacy Policy only governs our receipt of Personal data from them.
Consumer reporting agencies.
We may obtain your credit information from third party reporting agencies in order to control our own credit risk in onboarding new customers.
Demographic, lead, and interest data.
We may obtain Personal Data and other information from outside companies such as those that collect customer information including demographic and interest data. Examples of this information include your employment status, your job title with your current employer, and your business contact information. We may use this data and combine it with other information we have about you, for example, to help us predict your preferences and to direct marketing offers that might be more relevant to you. We also obtain where permitted by law contact information and other marketing lead information from third parties, website “refer-a-friend” options or social media platforms and may combine it with information we have, for instance, to contact you or direct Vonage marketing offers to you.
Information about our customers’ users.
Our customers and other third parties may also provide us with Personal Data and other information about our customers’ users and others. For example, we may receive Personal Data and other information from our customers, message senders, mobile network operators, databases with information relevant to mobile telephone numbers submitted to our services, and other third parties. This information may include, without limitation, telephone numbers, telephone numbers’ validity, type (e.g., mobile, landline, etc.), corresponding device status (e.g., whether or not it is currently available for messaging), roaming status, carrier, country of location, and whether or not the number has been ported and is used, for instance, to help us provide our services.
Information collected in connection with your use of services delivered via our platform.
We and our service providers may collect Personal Data and other information in connection with your use of communications services delivered via our platform, including, without limitation:
Communications usage information.
This includes information about your communications delivered via our platform such as the time and duration of usage, source and destination identifiers, from/to phone numbers, completion status, location, IP address, and amount of usage.
Communications content.
To enable you to send and receive communications via our platform, we need to be able to handle the content of the messages, calls, and other communications channels used by you. This also includes, for example, voicemails, messages and call recordings recorded via our services.
Delivery information
: to enable the delivery of goods, if you purchase goods from Vonage. This includes the shipping address.
Device information.
Where we have provided end user equipment to you, such as an analog telephone adapter or a VoIP phone, or you have installed our software on your device, we collect device-specific information from you. This includes, for example, your hardware model, operating system version, firmware, browser information, device and network configuration, device identifier, IP address, device performance, signal strength, call quality, telemetry, and mobile or wireless network information. We use the device information we collect in order to deliver and improve our services.  Device information is also collected when you visit our websites, as more fully detailed above.
Your contact lists and address book.
If you use our mobile apps, we may request your permission to access and store the contact list or address book maintained on your mobile phone, tablet, or other broadband-connected device. Your contact list is considered your personal data. We may use your contact list information to facilitate certain services where selected by you such as to enable you to make calls easily and to facilitate calls, texts, and other services. We may also facilitate the delivery of messages to individuals in your contact list that you wish to invite to download our mobile apps so that you can utilize our services with these selected individuals, although it is always your choice to send invites to such individuals. We will not use your contact list information for other purposes without first notifying you of the proposed use. You do not have to allow us to access your contact list information, but if you do not, certain features of our mobile apps may not be available to you. You may at any time opt out from allowing this access via the privacy settings on your device.
Mobile device camera, microphone and photos.
If you use our mobile apps, we may request your permission to access the camera, microphone, and photos on your mobile device, to make and receive voice and video calls and messages and to send photos to others. You do not have to allow us to access these functions of your device, but if you do not, certain features of our mobile apps may not be available to you. You may at any time opt out from allowing this access via the privacy settings on your device.
Your location information.
If your mobile device is equipped with GPS or can connect with wireless access points or hot spots, or if your mobile device is also a phone that communicates with cell towers or satellites, then your mobile device is able to use these features to determine its precise geographic location. You may use the mobile app to do a one-time share of your precise geographic location through a message in a chat session by pressing the location attachment button within the mobile app (a “Location Share Event”). We will retain the Location Share Event within your chat session on the mobile app until you delete the message. Your precise geographic location, including a Location Share Event, is considered your personal data. To the extent our mobile apps collect precise geographic location, you may at any time opt out from further allowing us to have access to your mobile device’s precise location information via the mobile app’s location settings on your mobile device.
Why we collect your information and how we use it
How we use the information we collect depends on the nature of the data, which of our services you use, how you use them, and specific preferences you may have communicated to us. We reserve the right to collect,  share and otherwise use non-Personal Data for any purpose except where limited by applicable law, and to create non-Personal Data from Personal Data in order to do so.  We list below the specific purposes for which we collect, use and otherwise process your Personal Data:
To deliver our services.
We use your Personal Data and other information as necessary to perform our obligations in delivering our services to our customers. This includes delivering your communications to the intended end user, processing transactions with you (such as billing), authenticating you when you log into our platform, providing customer support, and operating and maintaining our services. We also need your information to communicate with you about the services, including registration confirmations, purchase confirmations, expiration or renewal reminders, responding to your requests, and sending you notices, updates, security alerts, administrative messages, and other communications necessary to usage of the services.
To carry out core activities relating to our services.
To effectively deliver our services to you, we use your Personal Data and other information to engage in important supporting activities such as:
billing and collections, including maintenance of records in the event of a subsequent billing dispute;
preventing fraud, violations of our acceptable use policies, and unlawful activities;
troubleshooting, quality control, and analytics; and
monitoring the performance of our systems and platform.
For research and development
. We are constantly looking for ways to improve our services, to make them more reliable, secure, and useful to you and our users generally and we may use the Personal Data and other information we collect to help us do so. For instance, we use data regarding our users’ communications on our platform to understand how our services are performing and how they are being used in order to identify areas where we can do better. For instance, we may use message delivery and call connection information to gauge the effectiveness of our routing to ensure that your messages are delivered and your calls are connected. We and our service providers may use your information, including information obtained through customer surveys, to assess the level of interest in, and use of, our services, our communications to our customers, and our other messaging campaigns, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate. Surveys are optional and customers can opt-out from receiving such surveys via opt out links in survey invitations.   We also use information about your use of our websites to understand how our website visitors are using our websites. Among other things, this usage information, along with tracking technologies, enables third-party analytics companies to generate analytics reports on the usage of our services.
To improve our services and develop new services
. We use your data in the provision of the services.  We also use data we collect in existing services to improve and develop new services.
To market, promote, and drive engagement of our products and services
. We use Personal Data and other information about you to send promotional communications, such as e-mail messages, text messages, phone calls, faxes and postal mail, and for marketing when we have an adequate legal ground to do so. When prior opt-in consent is required by applicable laws, we will obtain such consent. We do not send marketing communication to our customers’ customers who are end users. Based on information we collect about you, we may decide whether and how to promote certain of our products or services to you over others. These communications are to drive your engagement and maximize the value of our services to you, and to help you receive more relevant information from us. To perform the above functions and others described in this Privacy Policy, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including Personal Data and usage information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources (including third parties) such as contact information, demographic information, and personal interest information. Where local law permits, an auto-dialer and/or artificial or pre-recorded message may be used to make calls to you.  Consent on behalf of someone else or provide someone else’s contact information will not be accepted. You are not required to agree to promotional communications in order to purchase goods or services from us. You can control whether you receive these kinds of communications as described below in Opt out of communications.
To comply with legal requirements.
Applicable laws or regulations may require our processing of your Personal Data and other information, such as laws mandating retention of communications data, including disclosures required by law or legal process.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights.
Where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights and interests, or the  interests of others, we use Personal Data and other information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
According to your explicit consent.
If we wish to use your Personal Data for certain purposes which require consent under applicable law, we will first seek out and obtain your consent. This may include, for example, testimonials or case studies that identify you in your individual capacity.
Who we share your information with and why
We reserve the right to collect, share and otherwise disclose non-Personal Data for any purpose except where limited by applicable law, and to create non-Personal Data from Personal Data in order to do so. We may share your Personal Data and other information as detailed below:
Third-party service providers that help us to deliver the services and allow us to operate our businesses.
Communications providers.
As the provider of a communications platform, we share the data we collect from you with communications providers (including traditional PSTN telecommunications companies and over-the-top communications service providers) as necessary in order to provide you with the services. These are the telecommunications companies, for instance, who we need to ensure your calls, messages and other communications reach the people you want to contact.
Payment gateways
: In the provision of conversational commerce services, we use payment gateways as necessary in order to provide you with the services. These are payment gateways companies that ensure the payment is completed in relation to conversational commerce services.
Business operations vendors.
We work with third-parties to help us run our business, such as to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, marketing and advertising, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use Personal Data and other information about you. We only work with carefully selected vendors, and take reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data that they process for us.
Partners
. In the event that you purchase services offered by Vonage or a partner through a special marketing arrangement (for example, through a co-branded advertisement or offer, or an arrangement where we and a partner market or offer the other’s products or services), we may share your information with these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations. We may also share information with these third parties where you have agreed to that sharing.
Vonage events
. If you attend a Vonage event, we may also share any information that you have submitted to us with a third party business partner. We will always disclose to you the name of the business partner with whom we intend to share the information and obtain your prior opt-in consent to do so.
Third party services.
Our services and websites may include links or other tools (e.g., plug-ins, “like” and share buttons, SDKs, etc.) that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit Personal Data or other information to any of those third parties, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any third party with which you interact.
Compliance with law enforcement requests and applicable laws; enforcement of our rights.
We may disclose Personal Data and other information as required by applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request; to protect Vonage, our services, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities; and to enforce our agreements, policies and service terms. If Vonage receives a civil or criminal subpoena, warrant, or other official and written request that is legally binding (“Request”) by a public authority for disclosure of personal data, Vonage will promptly notify the customer to the extent Vonage is not precluded from doing so by the Request. In the event that the information must be provided, Vonage will (a) ensure that the disclosed Personal Data is the minimum required to satisfy the Request; and (b) take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure that such personal information is afforded confidential treatment by the authorities.
With your explicit consent.
We share Personal Data and other information about you with third parties when you give us consent to do so. For example, we often display use cases or testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites and require your consent to identify you in your individual capacity. If you are a business customer, and have requested this, your business name and phone number may be included in public directories.
Sharing with senders and recipients of communications
. The name on your account, or a portion thereof, and/or your phone number may be displayed to people that you make calls to and to other users of the services so that they may contact you. Depending on the service you’re using, you may be able to control what’s displayed by adjusting your settings within the mobile app or your customer account, or by contacting customer care at the address provided when you signed up for the services.
Vonage affiliates; business transactions.
We share your Personal Data and other information with and among our corporate affiliates, for instance in order to operate and improve the services we provide to you; and we may share your information in connection with a sale, merger, financing, liquidation, or reorganization of our business or assets.
Credit control.
When permitted by applicable laws, we obtain credit reports on new customers in order to evaluate customers for the risk of non-payment. In the event of non- or late payment, we may furnish your name, address and other details to credit bureaus and other consumer reporting agencies. They may include that information in preparing credit reports and use that information in calculating credit scores provided to their customers.
How we protect your information
Vonage has implemented administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to help protect the Personal Data that we transmit and maintain.  Those measures are heightened for sensitive data such as Social Security numbers and payment account numbers. However, no system or service can provide a 100% guarantee of security, especially a service that relies upon the public internet. Therefore, you acknowledge the risk that third parties may gain unauthorized access to your Personal Data and other information. Keep your account password secret and please let us know immediately if you think your password was compromised. Remember, you are responsible for any activity under your account using your account password or other credentials.
Where we store your information and international transfers
Personal information held by Vonage is stored on and processed on computers situated in the UK, the EEA, the United States, and in other jurisdictions. We and/or our service providers also process data in some other countries for customer care, account management and service provisioning.
How long we store your information
We store your information until it is no longer necessary to provide the services or otherwise relevant for the purposes for which it was collected. This time period may vary depending on the type of information and the services used, as detailed below.
After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. We may also retain aggregate, de-identified or anonymized information beyond this time for, among other uses, research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. We will take measures to prevent reidentification de-identified information retained or used for these purposes consistent with applicable law, and will not make efforts (or authorise others to make efforts) to re-identify it.
Customer account information
. We store your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the services, or for so long as we need to retain it for legitimate purposes, such as to collect debts, o comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, support business operations, and continue to develop and improve our services.
Communications usage information.
While you’re an active customer, we retain the communications usage information generated by your use of the services until the information is no longer necessary to provide our services, and for a reasonable time thereafter as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, support business operations, and continue to develop and improve our services.
Marketing information, cookies and web beacons.
If you receive marketing e-mails from us, we retain information about your e-mail marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our services, such as when you last opened an e-mail from us or visited our websites.  We also retain information regarding your giving or removal of consent as business records and to honour consent choices. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Device information.
We collect device-specific information from you when we have provided end user equipment to you, such as an analog telephone adapter or a VoIP phone, or you have installed our software on your device. If you do not revoke our access to this information via the privacy settings on your device, we will retain this information for as long as your account is active.
Notwithstanding with the above and the fact that we will generally store your personal data until it is no longer necessary to provide the services or otherwise relevant for the purposes for which it was collected, please note that we may also retain your information for a longer period of time to defend and/or protect our legal or business interests during the applicable statute of limitation period or as otherwise required by law, court order, or other applicable regulation.
How to access and control your information
Your choices.
To request deletion of your Vonage account, please contact our support team
here
or contact us at the contact information provided in this notice. You should know that deletion of your Vonage account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and all customer data to which you previously had access through your account. Please note that certain data associated with that account may nonetheless remain on Vonage’s servers in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not specifically identify you, or as otherwise noted above in the prior section. For instance,  data associated with your account that we are required by law to maintain will also not be deleted. If you are an end user of an application that uses Vonage’s services, you should direct requests for access and/or deletion of your data associated with that application to the relevant application provider in accordance with that application provider’s own privacy policy.
Access to your account information.
Consistent with applicable laws and data security requirements, we will reasonably honour written requests from you, submitted via the
exercise your rights
button at the top of this policy or to
our support team,
to access or amend your account information, such as name, address, and billing information. You are responsible for ensuring that the information on file with Vonage is current and accurate. You may access and update your account information by logging into your account or contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Where permitted by law, we may charge a reasonable fee to process requests for access to data and may limit the number of requests per year. Your right to amend your information is subject to our records retention policies.
Opt out of communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using some or all of the following methods: the unsubscribe link within each e-mail, updating your e-mail preferences within your service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional e-mail list or registration database. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our services. Depending on your type of account with Vonage, you may be able to opt out of some notification messages in your account settings.
Your
privacy rights as a Resident of the US
.  If you are a resident of certain United States,
you may have broader or additional rights as explained in the
Additional Notices for Residents of the US
.
Mobile Information
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. However, Vonage will exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Your rights as an EEA UK resident
. If you are a resident of the EEA or UK, you may have broader or additional rights as explained in the Additional Notices for Residents of the EEA or UK section below.
Contact information
If you have questions or complaints about Vonage’s privacy practices and/or this privacy policy, we would like to help resolve your issue so please contact us at:
Email address:
privacy@vonage.com
Or write to us via post to:
Vonage
101 Crawfords Corner Rd, Suite 2416
Holmdel, NJ 07733 USA
Vonage commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU or UK data protection authorities (DPAs) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner and comply with the advice given by the panel and/or Commissioner with regard to data transferred from the EU, UK and/or Switzerland. Under certain conditions, EU individuals, UK individuals and Swiss individuals may invoke binding arbitration to resolve residual claims.
Commitments to Comply With the EU-US Data Protection Framework Commitment, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Protection Framework, and Swiss-US Data Protection Framework
Vonage Holdings Corp. and Vonage Business Inc. ("the US Vonage entities") comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively the "Principles") as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  The US Vonage entities have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, with regard to the processing of personal data received from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and
with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
The US Vonage entities are accountable for and accepts liability for onward transfers to third parties.
The US Vonage entities are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”).
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding Vonage’s compliance with any of the Data Privacy Frameworks mentioned above, please contact us through the address and e-mail set forth in section “
How to contact us
” above. We will treat any concerns or complaints confidentially. We will promptly investigate any concern or complaint that you raise with us. You can also contact the
International Dispute Resolution Center-AAA
whom Vonage has selected as its dispute resolution provider under the EU-US Data Protection Framework.
Additional Notices for Residents of the US
Our US state Privacy Notice can be accessed
here
.
Additional Notice for residents of the EEA and UK
Our Additional Notice for residents of the EEA and UK can be accessed
here
.
Other important information
Information from children.
Vonage does not sell products or services for purchase by children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal data from children or teenagers under the age of eighteen. If you believe that a minor has disclosed personal data to Vonage, please contact us at privacy@vonage.com.
Changes to this policy.
In the event we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll let you know by posting a notice on our website at
www.vonage.com/privacy-policy
and, in relation to substantive changes that broaden the types of personal data collected or their usage, we not apply the new policy to Personal Data collected under an inconsistent prior policy without notice.
Note for Vonage Integration Suite users.
Vonage's use of information received from Gmail APIs will adhere to
Google's Limited Use Requirements
.
Cookies and Tracking Notice
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device in order to facilitate and enhance your interaction with that service. We or our service providers may use cookies and equivalent technologies such as clear gifs, web beacons, pixel tags, Javascript, device fingerprinting, and third-party cookies on our website, apps, SDKs (software development kits), and, where relevant, in our promotional e-mails.
They also help us track users, conduct research, allow you to back click to earlier registration pages viewed by you and improve our content and services. For instance, we may use web beacons on our websites to access and set cookies and otherwise help us to better understand how users are moving through our websites. Information provided by the web beacon includes the computer’s IP address, the type of browser being used and the time that the web beacon was viewed. We may also use web beacons in e-mails and newsletters so that we know when such communications have been opened and to otherwise help us tailor our communications to individual users.
These technologies may track you on and off of our services, including across time and third party services.  Some browsers have so-called “do not track signals,” but there is not consistency in how they work or an industry consensus as to what they mean.   Accordingly, like many others, we do not look for or respond to these signals.  However, you can exercise control over these technologies as explained below.
Learn more about when and how we use cookies and tracking technologies and some of our service providers:
Strictly necessary
These cookies and other technologies are essential to the basic operations of our services. For instance, they enable us to recognize you when you return to our service and to maintain your web session so you can more easily navigate the subscription process or your viewing of your call details. They are also essential for you to access secure areas of our sites, for example, to use shopping baskets or make payments.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
We use third party data analytics enrichment services to identify anonymous visitors for analytics and targeting purposes. If a visitor is identified through the 3P enrichment service, supplemental firmographic data can be utilised for analytics, and marketing personalization.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Some of the services on the website may not function properly should these cookies be off.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our sites, and provide us with information about the popularity of the pages and how visitors move around the site.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners, who may use the cookies to gather information about your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
How to control and delete cookies
Cookie banner
When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and you will be able to customise your cookie preferences. Please note that Strictly Necessary Cookies cannot be disabled.
Using your browser
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see
www.aboutcookies.org
.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. You will not be able to opt-out of any cookies or other technologies that are “strictly necessary” for the services. Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the site.
Use of  CAPTCHA
Our website and service platforms use CAPTCHA, (“Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Human Apart”), which are tools used to distinguish between real and automated users, such as bots. CAPTCHAs sometimes pose tasks that are easy for humans but difficult for computers to solve, or sometimes
r
un virtually invisible to the user. Some data may be collected and shared with Google such as:
Browser cookies
IP
Operating system
Mouse movements and keyboard strokes
Length of pauses between actions
Device settings (e.g. language or location),
You can access more details about CAPTCHA
here
.
5/7/2024, 11:29:33 AM
For a better experience, switch to a different browser.
You’re currently browsing in Internet Explorer 11. We recommend using a different browser to get the best experience on our website, like Chrome, Safari or Firefox.  Thanks!
Fri Mar 14 2025 15:36:21 GMT+0000 (Greenwich Mean Time)
Sub-policy 1
https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/privacy#how-twilio-processes-your-personal-information:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.