Need Help?
Privacy Policy
This notice applies to all users who register on the Information Hub.
Our students and alumni are at the heart of everything we do. That is why we have created this privacy notice is to help you understand how we collect, use, and protect your personal information.
We may need to update it periodically, but we will inform you when we do.
1. What personal information we collect and generate
We collect information that helps us register you as a student and communicate with you while you are a student.
We collect:
contact information (e.g. name, home address, telephone number(s), fax numbers, email addresses, emergency contact information)
nationality
race
gender
background information (e.g. education, employment, criminal, disciplinary and credit history)
date of birth
identity document, passport, permanent residence, driver’s licence and/or work permit number
information relating to any disability you may have
medical information (e.g. if you receive treatment at Student Health Services, whether you have any allergies)
photographs and other visual images (e.g. CCTV footage)
academic information
banking details
biometric information
We generate information about you in the form of records.
We generate:
attendance records
academic records
academic appeals and disciplinary matters’ records
acknowledgement and compliance with safety rules and codes of conduct when using our facilities records
2. When and why we collect and process your personal information
When we collect and use your personal information
Why we collect your personal information
When you pay application, student, residence and any other fees.
When we use your banking details to make payments to you, for example to facilitate payment of NSFAS allowances.
When we monitor your progress, engagement, and attendance to improve learning outcomes, to target appropriate support, to support the development of your academic experience, and to ensure that you meet all your course requirements.
We track when you enter or leave our premises or facilities when you swipe your access card or scan your fingerprint.
When we investigate, consider and monitor your fitness to study, your academic appeals, and your academic conduct.
When we investigate and consider instances of misconduct and conduct disciplinary proceedings.
When we verify your past academic record with a third-party verification agency.
When you are accepted as a student because we keep the online profile that you created as part of your application.
When you make use of the University’s support services, for example, medical care, residences and TuksSport.
We process this information to meet our contractual obligations with you.
When you contact us by social media, email, telephone, or online chat, we use the information we collect to reply to, investigate, and resolve your query, complaint, or request.
When we have to protect your health and safety, for example, we may share your information with the police and security services when there are protests on campus.
We process this personal information because it is in your or our legitimate interest to do so.
When you subscribe to our email newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us.
When we use your information for research purposes.
When we send our marketing material to you.
When we use your information to send you information about our services.
When we use your information to send you notifications from the application.
We process this personal information with your consent.
When we produce reports and returns for funding agencies, government departments, and public bodies to facilitate graduate participation in national surveys where we are required to do so.
To monitor your health, safety and security
We process this information as a legal requirement.
3. In order to deliver our services to you, we must share your information with others we trust
We only use service providers we trust and who will keep your information secure, and we have contracts in place to ensure that they do – whether they are local or abroad.
We use service providers to help us
communicate with you
manage academic transcripts, events, career and other services
monitor the effectiveness of our services
manage our business, for instance accountants and professional advisors
provide IT services
deliver teaching and learning services to you (e.g. our learner management system and online invigilation technology)
We only use suppliers and service providers we trust, and who have agreed to keep your information secure and confidential, and to only use it for the purposes for which we shared it with them.
Some of the service providers that we use may be located in other countries. These countries may not have the same levels of protection of personal information as South Africa, in which case they must undertake to protect the personal information of our students to the same level that we do.
We provide for appropriate safeguards by means of contracts between us and our foreign service providers.
Sometimes the law requires that we share your information, for example, the Higher Education Act.
4. We have taken reasonable steps to minimise the impact of a breach
We have reasonable security measures in place to protect your personal information
Our security measures are in place to protect your personal information from
loss
misuse
unauthorised access
being altered
being destroyed
We base our security measures on the sensitivity of the personal information that we hold.
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
No system is perfect, and we cannot guarantee that we will never experience a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards, but we regularly monitor our systems for vulnerabilities.
We will let you know of any breaches that may affect your personal information.
If something should happen, we have taken steps to minimise the threat to your privacy, and we will let you know if your personal information has been compromised. We will also let you know how you can help minimise the impact of the breach.
You can help to keep your information secure by being aware of how you communicate.
While our servers are protected, emails can still be intercepted. It is better not to share personal information with us in an email.
Rather, give us a call or complete our online contact forms.
5. You have the right to know what we know about you, and what we do with that information
We may take one month to respond to your request and we may refuse in certain circumstances.
You may ask us about your personal information.
You have the right to know when we collect and use your personal information, and to ask us what we know about you and what we do with that information.
You may access your personal information.
You may ask to access your own personal information by contacting us. We may take one month to respond to your request and may charge a fee in some circumstances. We will let you know if this is the case.
You have control over your personal information
You may ask that we update incorrect personal information, or complete personal information that may be incomplete.
You may ask that we delete your personal information.
You may ask to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
You may ask that we reuse your personal information for your own purposes across different services.
Under certain circumstances you may object to the processing of your personal information.
You may object to automated decision-making and profiling.
You may ask that a human review any automated decisions that we make about you, express your point of view about it and obtain an explanation of the decision. You may challenge any automated decision made about you.
You may ask that we restrict our use of your personal information.
You have the right to unsubscribe
You have the right to unsubscribe from any direct marketing we send you.