We can provide the Solution
ITDCS has been developing high quality bespoke software since 1999. We help by developing new applications, re-engineering existing ones or adding additional functionality.
Our aim is to help by completing on time, to specification and within budget.
ITDCS has focused on developing bespoke software for clients within Ireland.
Products
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
This privacy policy describes how ITDCS, Ltd. (“ITDCS,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and otherwise handles personal information about individuals (“you” and/or “your”) who visit and use our websites and mobile applications that include a link to this privacy policy, and any related products, features, and services (collectively, the “Service” or “Services”). By using the Service, whether as a registered member or an unregistered visitor, you acknowledge that you have read this privacy policy, and consent to the handling of your personal information as described in this policy, which we may update from time to time as described in the “Changes to this Policy” section, below.
1. Collection of Information
We collect personal information from third party sources and automatically when you use the Service as follows:
Information That You Provide To Us Directly
Submissions
We collect content and information that you submit through support requests.
Information Obtained From Third Party Sources
We collect information from third party sources. For example, when you register for a course or purchase an app
2. Uses of Information
Except as otherwise provided herein, we may use the personal information we collect for the following business and commercial purposes:
Provision of the Service
We use the personal information we collect to provide, operate, support, and improve the Services, including through the development of new tools and features.
Communications
We use your information to communicate with you about the Service. These communications may contain information conferences and other events. These communications may be sent through a variety of channels, including on-site or in-app notifications and email. We also use your information to process, store, and transmit your communications through the Service.
3. Sharing of Information
In connection with the activities described above, we do not share personal information with third parties.
4. Cookies and Similar Technologies
We do not collect data when you visit our sites and apps, including cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies.
5. Third Party Links
Our Services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party sites, which we encourage you to read. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party sites.
6. Security
We employ technical, administrative and physical safeguards designed to protect the security of personal information. However, no security measure can guarantee security and that data will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of our safeguards.
7. Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for at least the period reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. If we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or aggregate or anonymize your personal information.
8. Choices Regarding Personal Information
Push Notifications
If you consent to receive push notifications, you may withdraw your consent at any time by adjusting the appropriate operating system settings on your mobile device.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time and in our sole discretion. When we make a change, we will update the “Effective Date” and post the updated policy on or through the Service. We may, and if required by law will, also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as by e-mail (if you have an account where we have your contact information) or another manner through the Service. Any modifications to this privacy policy will be effective upon posting or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting. In all cases, by continuing to use the Service after posting of the updated policy, you are consenting to the changes. If you object to any changes, you may close your account by contacting
support@ITDCS.co.uk
10. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this policy or ITDCS’s privacy practices, you may reach us at any time by emailing
support@ITDCS.co.uk
.