PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated March 6, 2024
This privacy notice for Irish Triathlon Association CLG (doing business as Triathlon Ireland) (‘
Triathlon Ireland
‘, ‘
we
‘, ‘
us
‘, or ‘
our
‘
), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share (‘
process
‘) your information when you use our services (‘
Services
‘), such as when you:
Visit our website at
http://www.triathlonireland.com
, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
Download and use our mobile application (Triathlon Ireland Membership App)
,
or any other application of ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at darren@triathlonireland.com.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our
table of contents
below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with Triathlon Ireland and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about
personal information you disclose to us
.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we receive any information from third parties?
We do not receive any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about
how we process your information
.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about
when and with whom we share your personal information
.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have organisational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more about
how we keep your information safe
.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about
your privacy rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by submitting a
data subject access request
, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what Triathlon Ireland does with any information we collect?
Review the privacy notice in full
.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3.
WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
6. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
7. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
13. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
16. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
17. USE OF COOKIES
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services,
express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
names
phone numbers
email addresses
usernames
passwords
contact preferences
contact or authentication data
billing addresses
debit/credit card numbers
mailing addresses
date of birth
Sensitive Information.
We do not process sensitive information.
Payment Data.
We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number, and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Elavon IRE
. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here:
https://www.elavon.ie/privacy-policy.html
.
Application Data.
If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
Mobile Device Data.
We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our application(s), we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, and information about the features of our application(s) you accessed.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about this in our Cookie Notice: __________.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services
(such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’), and hardware settings).
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.
We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may process your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.
To send administrative information to you.
We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
To fulfil and manage your orders.
We may process your information to fulfil and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Services.
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may process your information if you choose to use any of our offerings that allow for communication with another user.
To save or protect an individual’s vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e. legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfil our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfil our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about
withdrawing your consent
.
Performance of a Contract.
We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e. express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e. implied consent). You can
withdraw your consent
at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
For business transactions provided certain conditions are met
If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short:
We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.
The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
6. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice:
__________
.
7. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short:
If you choose to register or log in to our Services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our Services offer you the ability to register and log in using your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, and profile picture, as well as other information you choose to make public on such a social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
darren@triathlonireland.com
.
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information.You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section ‘
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
‘ below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your
Member State data protection authority
or
UK data protection authority
.
If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section ‘
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
‘ below or updating your preferences.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Opting out of marketing and promotional communications:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, or by contacting us using the details provided in the section ‘
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
‘ below. You will then be removed from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Members can delete their account using the DELETE button in the profile page of the Triathlon Ireland Membership App.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. You may also
opt out of interest-based advertising by advertisers
on our Services. For further information, please see our Cookie Notice:
__________.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at darren@triathlonireland.com.
12. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (‘DNT’) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
13. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the ‘Shine The Light’ law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated ‘Revised’ date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) ,
Darren Coombe
,
by email at
darren@triathlonireland.com
,
or contact us by post at:
Irish Triathlon Association CLG
Darren Coombe
The Courtyard
Sport Ireland Campus
Dublin
D15 PN0N
Ireland
16. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
You have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please fill out and submit a
data subject access request
.
This privacy policy was created using Termly’s
Privacy Policy Generator
.
17. USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small snippets of data a website may store on your computer to record basic information, such as visitor preferences. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and visitor behaviour. They are also sometimes used by online applications to improve user functionality.
Please note that by using our websites, you accept the terms of this Privacy and Cookie policy. You can choose to set your browser to refuse cookies from any of our websites but as a result, you may lose some functionality or website features. More information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found on www.aboutcookies.org.
When you visit one of the websites owned by Triathlon Ireland, the following types of cookies can be set on your device.
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect statistical information about visitors of the website and the pages they view. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information collected is aggregated and used anonymously. We use these cookies to understand what content is popular which helps us to improve our website.
We use Google Analytics to provide this service which is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information stored in the cookie is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and then used to evaluate visitors’ use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. You can find out more information about Google Analytics here. Further information on Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, is also available here at the Google Analytics Help Centre.
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced and more personal features.
Other Third Party Cookies
Some cookies that have been set on our websites are not related to Triathlon Ireland or our partners. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them due to the way that cookies work, as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.elavon.ie/privacy-policy.html:
Skip to main content
Americas
United States
English
Canada
English
Français
Puerto Rico
Español
Europe
Denmark
Dansk
Germany
Deutsch
Ireland
English
Norway
English
Norsk
Poland
Polski
Sweden
Svenska
United Kingdom
English
Spain
Español
Americas
United States
English
Canada
English
Français
Puerto Rico
Español
Europe
Denmark
Dansk
Germany
Deutsch
Ireland
English
Norway
English
Norsk
Poland
Polski
Sweden
Svenska
United Kingdom
English
Spain
Español
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Last Changes to Privacy Policy: November 2024
At U.S. Bank Europe, trust is the foundation of our relationship with customers.  We understand your desire for privacy, and we recognize that you trust us with your personal and financial information.  This Privacy Policy is designed to describe our privacy practices and principles in a format that is easy to navigate, read and understand.  We are dedicated to treating your Personal Information with care and respect.
Online Privacy Policy
U.S. Bank Europe DAC (“
U.S. Bank Europe
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
“) has established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather U.S. Bank Europe websites and any applications where this Privacy Policy is posted (“
Site
” or “
Sites
”), how and why we gather the information, what we use the information for, when we might disclose the information, and what rights you have in relation to your Personal Information. Click on the links below to learn more:
What information about me is collected
How we collect information
Our use of Cookies
How do we use your information
What happens if you do not provide the Personal Information that we request
Who do we share your information with
What steps do we take to keep Personal Information secure
For how long we keep your Personal Information
Transferring information globally
Your legal rights
Contact Us
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered by the Sites and any
Personal Information
we receive about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, in connection with an application you submit for Services.   You might find external links to third party websites on our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of any third party site, including sites which may be linked to from our Site(s) or any third party sites which link to our Site(s). This Privacy Policy does not apply to your relationship with your customers, your financial service providers or with your other vendors. We recommend that you read their privacy notices and contact them directly if you have any concerns regarding their use of your Personal Information.
If you or the entity you are authorised to represent (collectively, “you” or “your”) have previously entered into a services agreement with U.S. Bank Europe that governs the provision of transaction processing services (“Services Agreement”), this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with that Services Agreement. In the event this Privacy Policy conflicts with the terms of any Services Agreement or other agreement with us in relation to our use of any of your Personal Information, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall take precedence.
By using the Site, you acknowledge your awareness that we process your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with how we process your Personal Information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice.
1. What information about me is collected?
The information we collect about you falls into two categories – information you provide to us and information that is automatically collected about you when you use one of our Sites. This information includes Personal Information or Other information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
refers to information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual.  The Personal Information you will be required to provide when you communicate with us through our Sites will typically include:
Your name;
postal address,
email address,
device information about your device you use to access the Site,
home and mobile telephone number; and any other Personal Information you provide to us with when you contact us.
Other Information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, a particular individual or business.  You could provide Other Information or it could be collected automatically.  Examples may include information about your internet browser, demographic data such as city and state, usage information about your use of the Site, additional traffic data such as time and date of access, software crash reports, session identification numbers and access time, and other information regarding your use of the Site.
2. How we collect information
We collect information from you or about you when you provide this information to us directly.  For example, we may obtain information when you request products or services from us, respond to surveys, contact customer support or otherwise interact with us via a Site, or via any of our social media channels.
In addition, when you interact with our Sites, we may collect information through technology, such as cookies. See the
Our use of Cookies section
below for more detail.
3. Our use of cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the device that you are using. For further information about how we use cookies please see our
Cookie Policy
.
4. How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect to help us personalise and continually improve your experience on the Site.  We may also use that information in the following ways:
Respond to queries you raised on our Sites
Evaluate your application for Services
Support our legal compliance obligations
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or another medium, at all times in compliance with your preferences
Administer promotions and surveys
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Site
We will only collect, use and share your Personal Information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
our use of your Personal Information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organisation, for example to contact you when you submit a query or complaint on our website; to offer you other products and services and sell to you products and services offered by us, our affiliates or third parties; to follow up with you and investigate your query or complaint (as applicable), administer promotions and surveys, make improvements to our products and services, undertake market research into the users of our Sites, and to detect fraud and other illegal activity. In these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in the Your Legal Rights section below;
our use of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have.
5. What happens if you do not provide the personal information that we request?
We need some of your Personal Information in order to contact you and follow up with you in respect of the query or complaint you have submitted on our website. For example, we need to know your personal contact details to identify you and contact you.
Where information is needed for these purposes, if you do not provide it we will not be able to contact you and follow up with you in respect of the query or complaint you have submitted on our website. We explain when this is the case at the point where we collect information from you.
6. Who do we share your information with
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose Personal Information collected through the Site to any companies not part of U.S. Bank Europe or its parent (including its subsidiaries), subsidiaries or any other related entities.  Although, as disclosed below, we may provide some Personal Information to certain business partners, co-marketers and other third parties, in no event will we sell or rent your Personal Information as part of a customer list or similar transaction.
SERVICE PROVIDERS.  We may share Personal and Other Information with agents, subsidiaries, affiliates (certain of our services are provided to you by our affiliates), partners and other third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, content management tools, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc.  These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information.  The Service Providers are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services.
BUSINESS PARTNERS.  We provide products and services to customers through a number of affiliated banks and companies.  We may share your Personal Information with our business partners or other third parties that enable us to serve your processing needs.  We may contact our existing customers by mail, telephone, or email to offer additional products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  Although our treatment of your Personal Information is governed by this Privacy Policy, the business partner or third party’s treatment of your Personal Information will be governed by the business partner or third party’s privacy policy. You have the right to withdraw to any such promotional activity at any time as described in the Your Legal Rights section below.
REGULATORY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT PURPOSES.  We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Site; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Site or our users, or (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Site or the public.
BUSINESS PURCHASERS. We may change our ownership or corporate organisation while providing the Site and services or sell certain assets associated with the Site. As a result, please be aware that in such event and to the extent permitted by law we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged.
SHARING OTHER INFORMATION.  To the extent permitted under applicable local laws, we may disclose or share Other Information (or other information, other than Personal Information) in any other manner that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we may disclose Other Information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Site and who our users are so we can improve the Site.
7. What steps do we take to keep personal information secure?
The security of your information is important to us.  information collected by the Site is stored in operating environments that are not available to the public.  We therefore restrict access to your information to those of our employees who need to know that information to provide products and services to you. We have established physical, technical and administrative security processes that are commensurate with the sensitivity of the information collected to safeguard Personal Information. We have routine internal and external oversight practices in place to assess and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your information.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you. In certain telephone and in person transactions we may ask for your account number or other information to verify your identity before conducting the transactions you have requested.
Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  We review our security procedures to consider appropriate technology and methods to secure information.
8. For how long do we keep personal information?
As a general rule, U.S. Bank Europe will not keep your information for longer than is necessary.
If you submit a query and you are a merchant of ours, we will keep your information for as long as we have a contract with you and for as long as we need your information for regulatory or evidential purposes after expiry or termination of your contract.
If you submit a query or complaint on our website, we will keep your Personal Information while we progress your query or complaint. For non-customers, this information will not be retained for longer than necessary and not for a period longer than 12 months.  For retention practices in relation to Cookie’s please refer to the
Cookie Policy
.
However, where we have statutory obligations to keep Personal Information for a longer period or where we may need your Personal Information for a longer period in case of a legal claim, then the retention period may be longer. For more information on retention please Contact Us using the details below.
9. Transferring information
U.S. Bank Europe operates on a global basis. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred and stored in countries outside the United Kingdom and European Economic Area that are subject to different standards of data protection. We will take appropriate steps ensure that transfers of Personal Information are in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests and transfers are limited to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. To this end:
we ensure where we transfer your Personal Information outside U.S. Bank Europe or to third parties who help provide our products and services, we obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your Personal Information, in particular through standard data protection model clauses adopted by the European Commission and appropriate transfer mechanism adopted under United Kingdom law (if applicable); or
where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Information are disclosed.
You have a right to Contact Us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place (including a copy of relevant contractual commitments) to ensure the adequate protection of your Personal Information when this is transferred as mentioned above.
10. Your legal rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have the following rights under data protection legislation:
a right to ask for a copy of your Personal Information;
a right to ask us to delete or correct any Personal Information we hold about you that is inaccurate;
a right to request erasure of your Personal Information in certain circumstances;
a right to data portability (this is a right to ask for your Personal Information in a commonly used electronic format where such Personal Information has been provided by you and the legal basis for processing that information is consent or contractual necessity);
a right to restrict processing and a right to object to processing activities in certain circumstances;
a right to stop your Personal Information from being used for direct marketing purposes; and
a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner (or other competent supervisory authority in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom) if you believe that your Personal Information has not been processed in accordance with the requirements of the data protection legislation.
Where any processing is based on consent you have a right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.
We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us using the contact details below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and will make every reasonable effort to honour your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by data protection laws.
Address:   Data Protection Officer, U.S. Bank Europe DAC, Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Dublin 18, D18 W2X7, Ireland.
Email:
EUDataProtection@elavon.com
or
queries@elavon.com
Cookies on www.elavon.ie
Tell us whether you accept cookies.
We use cookies to collect information about how you use www.elavon.ie. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.
Accept all cookies
Manage settings
Decline
Thanks for setting your cookie preferences.
You can change your
cookie settings
any time.
Manage settings
Hide
Cookie Preferences Centre
Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to store information about how you use the Elavon website, such as the pages you visit. We and our partners use technologies such as cookies on our site to enhance your user experience, personalise content and advertisements, and analyse our traffic. Click below to consent to the use of this technology on our site. For further details or to change your consent choices at any time, see our
Cookie Policy.
Allow all cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always active
Essential cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies; they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further information.
Cookie Details
Performance/Analytics Cookies
Off
Performance cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage (for example, which of our pages are most frequently visited).
Cookie Details
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
Off
These cookies and similar technologies gather information about your browsing habits. They remember that you've visited a website and share this information with other organisations, such as advertisers and platforms on which we advertise. They do this in order to provide you with advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. These cookies and similar technologies gather information about your browsing habits. They remember that you've visited a website and share this information with other organisations, such as advertisers and platforms on which we advertise. They do this in order to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookie Details
Third-Party Cookies
Off
These cookies are stored under a different domain than www.elavon.ie. They are mostly used to track you between websites and display more relevant advertisements between websites.
Cookie Details
Save and Close
Find out more about cookies on
https://www.allaboutcookies.org
Sub-policy 1
https://termly.io/products/privacy-policy-generator/:
Home
›
Products
›
Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policy
Generator
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Where will your privacy policy be used?
Select all that apply.
Website
App
Facebook App
Generate Privacy Policy
Use our
free privacy policy generator
to create a privacy policy for your website, app, ecommerce store, SaaS, small business, or any other need in just a few minutes. Comply with the
GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA
, and more!
Free
Generate in Minutes
Customize for Your Business
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Where will your privacy policy be used?
Select all that apply.
Website
App
Facebook App
Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Features
Generate a
free privacy policy
that’s comprehensive and legally compliant using one of the best privacy policy generators of 2025.
“Creating a privacy policy was very easy with the guided questions and available templates. Would recommend.”
Jason
View Review
Built for Every Business
Website
App
Ecommerce site
SaaS
Complies with Privacy Laws
GDPR
CCPA/CPRA and CalOPPA
UK GDPR
PIPEDA
Easy to Use
Intuitive builder
Customization tools
Automatic updates
Embed options
How To Use Our Privacy Policy Generator
Just follow these simple steps to get a custom, compliant privacy policy for your business, software, site, or app:
Get started by answering a few questions in our privacy policy builder.
When you’re done, simply click publish. You can then customize how your privacy policy looks before adding it to your website or app.
Whether you use a content management system like WordPress, manage your website yourself, or use a professional service, we give you a few different options to add your policy.
We guide you through the process of generating a privacy policy by asking some simple questions about your business –
Yasmeen, Privacy Engineer @ Termly
Trusted by over
1,900,000
businesses worldwide
“It is so easy to use. I don't need to understand the full legal details of everything. It takes you step by step through the whole process.”
Steven
View review
“Termly is an amazing service and easy to use and update as business grows.”
Daria
View review
“I was impressed by how Termly made it easy to create a privacy policy that covered multiple privacy laws (in my case UK GDPR, CCPA and CDPA) into one coherent professional-looking policy.”
Carl
View review
Create a
Free Privacy Policy
We offer the best privacy policy solution for all types of businesses.
Privacy Policy for AI
Our AI-ready privacy policy generator lets you to disclose how you use AI and if and when you share user data with third-party AI platforms or services.
Privacy Policy for Websites, Blogs, and CMS
Use our generator to build a privacy policy for your own website or blog or for platforms like:
WordPress
Godaddy
Wix
Squarespace
Privacy Policy for Apps
You can create a privacy policy for any type of app regardless of marketplace.
iPhone
Android
Windows Phone
Privacy Policy for Ecommerce Stores
Generate a free privacy policy for any online store, whether its custom or hosted on a platform.
Shopify
WooCommerce
BigCommerce
Privacy Policy for Third-Party Software & Tools
Our generator can help you create a personalized policy to comply with any third-party requirements.
Google Analytics & Adsense
Amazon
PayPal
Privacy Policy for SaaS / Subscription Based Businesses
You can get a privacy policy for your SaaS or subscription business in just a few minutes.
Privacy Policy for Facebook Ads, Apps, and Pages
You can build a compliant privacy policy for Facebook ads, apps, and pages.
Basic Privacy Policy
If you just need a simple privacy policy for your small business, personal website, app, etc., our privacy policy creator has you covered.
Easily Comply with Laws like
the
GDPR
,
CCPA
, and
PIPEDA
Based on international laws and modern business practices, you need a privacy policy if you collect any personal information or personal data from users. Personal data includes more than just names and addresses — it can include cookie data, IP addresses, email addresses, and more.
Personal Data
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify an individual. Personal data includes names, emails, phone numbers, addresses, geolocation, IP addresses, cookie data, and so much more.
When you create a privacy policy online, you must list all personal data your website or app collects from users.
Personal Data & the Law
Personal data is heavily protected by laws like the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA, and others. The leading method of protecting personal data is requiring websites and businesses to be honest about how they collect, share, and use personal data. Privacy law violations can result in serious fines.
Personal Data & Your Privacy Policy
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. Comply with laws, build loyalty with customers, and meet online business standards by providing a comprehensive privacy policy to your users. Our free generator walks you through the necessary questions to create a customized privacy policy.
GDPR
EU General Data Protection Regulation
CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act
CalOPPA
California Online Privacy Protection Act
PIPEDA
Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
A comprehensive and transparent privacy policy is required to comply with most of the major data privacy laws worldwide –
Leila, Privacy Compliance Specialist @ Termly
Privacy Policy Generator
FAQ
We answer the most frequently asked questions about privacy policies and our free generator.
Is the Privacy Policy Generator really free?
Yes, Termly offers one legal policy for free. No credit card is required to create, publish, and post your privacy policy once it’s been generated. However, if you need more than one legal policy or additional compliance features, you can choose to upgrade to a
paid plan
and gain full access to our entire suite of compliance tools.
What is a privacy policy?
A privacy policy — also referred to as a privacy notice — is a legal document that explains how a company or website collects, uses, and shares personal information.
The most important thing a privacy policy does is inform your users how you collect, use, and manage their personal data.
Other common names for a privacy policy include:
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement
Privacy Disclosure
Privacy Agreement
Why is a privacy policy important to have?
Privacy policies not only satisfy legal requirements, but they also signal to your users that you respect them enough to disclose how you collect, manage, and use their data.
Not having a privacy policy can make you seem to be an untrustworthy business.
However, you only need a privacy policy if you actually collect or process data through the use of cookies, analytics software, forms, etc.
Do I need a privacy policy?
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. There are multiple laws that require privacy policies, as well as service providers that demand their users have privacy policies. For example, many Google services require you to have a privacy policy.
Additionally, today’s consumers are more aware than ever when it comes to data privacy. Stand out from your competitors by publishing a clear, detailed privacy policy. You can reassure your users that their personal information is safe with your website, app, or company.
Which laws should I be aware of when generating my privacy policy?
When creating your privacy policy, you should consider several privacy laws — including, but not limited to, the GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, and PIPEDA. Depending on your type of business, you may also need to review any relevant industry-specific laws or laws about use of specific types of data.
If you’re not familiar with these data privacy laws or how they might apply to you, don’t worry. Our generator can help walk you through relevant questions.
Can I copy someone else’s privacy policy?
No, you can’t copy someone else’s privacy policy. Doing so will put your business or website at legal risk. Privacy policies are protected by copyright, so copying someone else’s policy is a legal violation. More importantly, your privacy policy needs to be tailored to your website in order to comply with data privacy laws and give users accurate information.
In addition, you cannot copy and paste a privacy policy. Using another company’s privacy policy without permission is (copyright infringement), and illegal. Your privacy policy needs to be specific to your business, and explain how your website or app collects (user) data.
What should my privacy policy include?
You’ll need to keep the following questions in mind when creating your policy:
What types of data do you collect? Email addresses, contact information, and payment information are commonly collected. Be sure to evaluate all of the data you collect, whether that is for marketing purposes, newsletters, order information, and more.
Why do you collect the data? Are you collecting any data you don’t need? Describing the purpose for data collection is a critical part of your privacy policy.
Where and how do you store collected data? Some data privacy laws limit how long you can keep personal information. You’ll also want to consider the security of your data storage.
Our generator walks you through the steps and ensures you don’t forget anything when creating a privacy policy.
Where should I put my privacy policy?
Put your privacy policy in easy-to-find areas on your website. Some common places to put a privacy policy include:
Website footer
Main menu
Checkout page
Sign-up page
Within other legal policies
You should put your policy in multiple of the above locations. Linking your privacy policy around your site ensures users can find it, and that you stay compliant with privacy laws. Our generator offers multiple embed options to help you easily add a policy to your website.
Do I need more than a privacy policy?
Some websites and businesses do need more than just a privacy policy. If you need to comply with laws like the GDPR, you may also need to look into cookie consent. Depending on the type of website or business you have, you may also need other legal agreements. For example, websites that sell products may need a return policy and a shipping policy.
Some legal agreements, like Terms and Conditions, can help protect your business. Terms and Conditions, also known as Terms of Service or Terms of Use, are an agreement between the website and the users. You can use this agreement to specify the rules for using your website or describe user behavior that is not allowed.
Our Full Suite of
Compliance Solutions
Terms and Conditions Generator
Establish guidelines and safeguard your business with custom terms
Learn more
Disclaimer Generator
Create a legal disclaimer for FREE to protect your blog, website, or app against legal liability
Learn more
Cookie Policy Generator
Notify users, provide cookie preferences, and obtain consent for your cookie use
Learn more
Cookie Scanner
Scan, categorize, and review your website’s cookies to ensure compliance with cookie use rules
Learn more
Explore more solutions
Related Articles About
Privacy Policies
Articles
March 7, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 7, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 7, 2025
Heloisa Valdívia, CIPM
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 5, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 5, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Explore more resources
EN
FR
ES
DE