Privacy Statement
We take your privacy seriously and this privacy statement explains how we collect, use, share and process your information.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
Personal data is information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal data also includes anonymous data that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal data does not include data that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
Promoting Safety and Security
We abide by the principles of legality, legitimacy, and transparency, use, and process the least data within a limited scope of purpose, and take technical and administrative measures to protect the security of the data. We use personal data to help verify accounts and user activity, as well as to promote safety and security, such as by monitoring fraud and investigating suspicious or potentially illegal activity or violations of our terms or policies. Such processing is based on our legitimate interest in helping ensure the safety of our products and services.
Here is a description of the types of personal data we may collect and how we may use it:
What Personal Data We Collect
ⅰ. Data you provide:
We collect the personal data you provide when you use our products and services or otherwise interact with us, such as when you create an account, contact us, participate in an online survey, use our online help or online chat tool. If you make a purchase, we collect personal data in connection with the purchase. This data includes your payment data, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing, shipping, and contact details.
ⅱ. Data about the use of our services and products:
When you visit our websites, we may collect data about the type of device you use, your device's unique identifier, the IP address of your device, your operating system, the type of Internet browser that you use, usage information, diagnostic information, and location information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices on which you install or access our products or services. Where available, our services may use GPS, your IP address, and other technologies to determine a device's approximate location to allow us to improve our products and services.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Generally speaking, we use personal data to provide, improve, and develop our products and services, to communicate with you, to offer you targeted advertisements and services, and to protect us and our customers.
ⅰ. Providing, improving, and developing our products and services:
We use personal data to help us provide, improve, and develop our products, services, and advertising. This includes using personal data for purposes such as data analysis, research, and audits. Such processing is based on our legitimate interest in offering you products and services and for business continuity. If you enter a contest or other promotion, we may use the personal data you provide to administer those programs. Some of these activities have additional rules, which may contain further data about how we use personal data, so we encourage you to read those rules carefully before participating.
ⅱ. Communicating with you:
Subject to your prior express consent, we may use personal data to send you marketing communications in relation to our own products and services, communicate with you about your account or transactions, and inform you about our policies and terms. If you no longer wish to receive email communications for marketing purposes, please Contact Us to opt-out. We also may use your data to process and respond to your requests when you Contact Us. Subject to your prior express consent, we may share your personal data with third-party partners who may send you marketing communications in relation to their products and services. Subject to your prior express consent, we may use personal data to personalize your experience with our products and services and on third-party websites and applications and to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
NOTE: For any of the uses of your data described above that require your prior express consent, note that you may withdraw your consent by contacting us.
Definition of "Cookies"
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. Cookies are widely used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices. We also use other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, for similar purposes. In this Cookie Statement, we refer to all of these technologies as "cookies."
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience. Please note that the specific cookies we may use vary depending on the specific websites and services you use.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We make certain personal data available to strategic partners that work with us to provide our products and services or help us market to customers. Personal data will only be shared by us with these companies in order to provide or improve our products, services, and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your prior express consent.
Data Disclosure or Storage, Transfer, and Processing
ⅰ. Fulfillment of legal obligations:
Due to the mandatory laws of the European Economic Area or the country in which the user lives, certain legal acts exist or have occurred and certain legal obligations need to be fulfilled. Treatment of personal data of EEA residents ---As described below, if you reside within the European Economic Area (EEA), our processing of your personal data will be legitimized: Whenever we require your consent for the processing of your personal data such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) ("GDPR").
ⅱ. For the purpose of reasonable implementation or application of this article:
We may share personal data with all our affiliated companies. In the event of a merger, reorganization, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings, we may transfer any and all personal data to the relevant third party. We may also disclose personal data if we determine in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our rights and pursue available remedies, enforce our terms and conditions, investigate fraud, or protect our operations or users.
ⅲ. Legal Compliance and Security or Protect Other Rights:
It may be necessary—by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence—for us to disclose personal data. We may also disclose personal data if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
Children
Our products and services are intended for adults. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose data from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under 16, or the equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the data as soon as possible. Please immediately Contact Us if you become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal data.
Your Rights
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal data that we collect. You are also entitled to restrict or object, at any time, to the further processing of your personal data. You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured and standard format. You may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal data. To protect the privacy and the security of your personal data, we may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal data we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal data that we maintain. You may Contact Us to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe, and in any event in less than 30 days.
Third-Party Websites and Services
When a customer operates a link to a third-party website that has a relationship with us, we do not assume any obligation or responsibility for such a policy because of the third party's privacy policy. Our websites, products, and services may contain links to or the ability for you to access third-party websites, products, and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those third parties, nor are we responsible for the information or content their products and services contain. This Privacy Statement applies solely to data collected by us through our products and services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third party before proceeding to use their websites, products, or services.
Data Security, Integrity, and Retention
We use reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your data and to correctly use the data we collect. We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may periodically change this Privacy Statement to keep pace with new technologies, industry practices, and regulatory requirements, among other reasons. Your continued use of our products and services after the effective date of the Privacy Statement means that you accept the revised Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Statement, please refrain from using our products or services and Contact Us to close any account you may have created.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.loklik.com/privacy-policy/:
The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Big rewards await! Join LOKLiK Discord now.
Loklik's new products are now available. Pleaseclick to purchase.
Big rewards await! Join LOKLiK Discord now.
Loklik's new products are now available. Pleaseclick to purchase.
Big rewards await! Join LOKLiK Discord now.
Loklik's new products are now available. Pleaseclick to purchase.
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy') is issued on(2022.7.8), 2022. Please take the time to review before you continue to use our products and services.
We are committed to protecting our users' privacy. Keeping the information you share with us on the site, secure and ensuring your understanding of how we collect, use and maintain your information is important to us at LOKLIK . We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information and while no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your information. We continually assess new technology for protecting information and, when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.
Because of its importance and to make it easier for you to read and review it, we have made this Privacy Policy into a separate document on the site. However, bear in mind it is a part of our agreement with you and the terms and conditions contained in our Terms of Use describe how and when we may make changes to these statements and terms, and how they become binding upon you. This Privacy Policy applies to any information you provide to us, including through this website, our mobile apps, communications by email and through social media, by telephone and in person. It also covers any information we receive from third parties.
By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering or logging in, you agree we may use your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to have your information used in line with this Privacy Policy, you must not use our products and services and not otherwise provide us with your information.
We reserve the right to modify this policy. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page.
Users are encouraged to check the page regularly as they will be bound by the changes once posted on the site.
About us：
LOKLIK  operates the service located on
https://loklik.com/
.
Overview：
This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and inform you as to:
The kinds of information we collect from users of the site and how that information is collected;
How we use the information;
The circumstances under which we disclose information to third parties;
How you can access, update or delete any information collected about you by us; and
The mechanisms we have implemented to protect your personally identifiable information.
You can visit the site and learn about our company and its Products, as well as certain goods and services available from our advertisers and suppliers.
Information we may collect and process about you
Information you provide to us.
Your IP address.
Information about pages you've visited, products and services you've clicked on or shown an interest in.
Information provided by other companies who have obtained your permission through their own privacy policies to share information about you.
Information about your interaction with our site.
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of our and/or selected third party websites.
Information we collect or remember using technologies similar to cookies, such as device identifiers on your mobile device.
Technical information from your device relating to the service you receive.
Information relating to the location of your device.
Personally identifiable Information:
When we use the term 'personally identifiable information' we mean information such as your full name, street address, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address, IP address and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you. Personally identifiable information also includes information about your transactions or relationship with us, if you have been a customer or you have provided this type of information. For example, if you make a purchase on our site, in addition to your name and contact information, we will also collect and maintain your billing address, Image selections, your order number and information about your computer’s internet address and web site which may have referred or directed you to the site (e.g. the referring URL). We collect this and other information to deliver your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials.
We collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit the site and input information, whether you are registering to use the site, enrolling or signing up for features and functions, participating in promotions, ordering or purchasing or in the course of any other exchanges of information, transactions and activities. We may use the information we obtain from you, including personally identifiable information, to tailor your experience on the site, to display content we think may be of interest to you, or to let us customize what you see when you visit the site according to your preferences.
Some features and functions of the site require you to register or obtain our permission before you can use them:
For security, identification and marketing reasons, among others ;and
As part of that process we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
In addition, during the registration process we will also ask you to select (or we may provide) a user login and password (we will allow you to change your password, as well as any personally identifiable information you have given us in order to keep this information current and accurate).
Among other things, this information helps us securely identify you as a registered or permitted user of those features and functions.
Bear in mind that when you submit information to us, it does not guarantee that we will permit you to use any or all of the features or functions of the site.
The personally identifiable information you provide to us, as well as any information, personal or otherwise, that you create and which may be saved on or in association with the site, is used to provide you with better service. It allows us to save you time and money and better understand your needs. It also helps us help you learn more about your preferences and those goods and services that may be of interest to you. For example, we track your information to assist us in confirming and filling orders, producing reports, maintaining quality control, administering and managing the site and our business, and, whenever it may become necessary or appropriate, to contact you concerning your orders, your transactions or any other activities associated with the site. We may use your personally identifiable information to advise you of goods or services which may be available from LOKLIK , its suppliers and/or advertisers. If you are a registered user, you also acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the site and its functions and features, in connection with your registration and use of the site.
How we may use your information
By accessing our website, you agree that we may collect, hold, use or otherwise process your information (including personally identifying information) for the purpose of providing you with those products and services you request or access, and developing our business.
Payment Processing
Please note that we contract with various third parties to carry out payment processing in connection with any purchases you may make through our website. The processing and storage of any and all information you may provide to any such third-party payment processors, including information they may collect from you, is not governed by this Privacy Policy. You will need to review the Privacy Policy for such third party on their website.
Contributors
Should you determine to use LOKLIK for selling licenses to your Media, you will be required to provide “pay to” information, such as a bank account or home address. Your “pay to” information, if provided to us, will be shared with third parties (such as, by way of example only, our bank) only as necessary to process payments to you using the “pay to” information you have provided to us. You may also be required to provide certain taxpayer information, which may include a copy of your government issued photo ID to establish your country of residence. We will report to the United States Internal Revenue moneys paid to you as required by law.
Organizational Accounts:
We feature the names and logos of our organizational customers in various places throughout the site. Please let us know, using our contact page, if your organization objects to being listed as a featured customer, and we will upon receipt of your request remove all references To the organization from the site, except as may appear on your user prole page. If, however, we receive no objection after listing your organization's name and/or logo as a featured customer, we will presume that we have your permission to display this information. In all cases, we will endeavor to follow your instructions concerning use of your company's name and logo.
Cookies
We use 'cookie' technology to collect data regarding your visits to the site. This data is stored in aggregate form and is not used to identify any particular user or individual, by other means than to provide you with access to our site, products or services. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including:
Keeping count of your return visits to the site;
Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the site;
Identifying relevant keywords and search terms relating to images viewed;
Determining which features users like best;
Choosing advertisements that might be more relevant to you and saving your user ID, your password or other information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the site.
Information Deletion We respect your right to delete your personally identifying data at any time. Should you request your personally identifying data be deleted, it will be deleted in compliance with our data retention policy and applicable law and rules.
Please note that, to the extent that you either purchased or sold licenses to Media through LOKLIK , all licenses have a perpetual length, and we will, therefore, retain the minimum amount of information necessary (i.e., your name and a copy of such Media) in order to ensure future compliance with license terms.
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser.
Assuming your browser is congured to accept them, when you visit our websites, we will send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We may also set one or more cookies in your browser when you click on an ads or other links presented on our website. Cookies make it.
Possible to store user preferences and record which portions of our website you and other users are using the most. We use cookies for the purposes of preventing fraud and improving the quality of our service. If you choose not to accept cookies, you should congure your browser to not accept them by following the documentation provided with your browser software. If you have questions about how to enable or disable cookies in your browser, you should contact the developer of your browser software for more information. Disabling cookies in your browser will cause certain portions of the website to not function as expected. We will interpret your access of this website using a browser that is congured to accept cookies as an a aﬃrmative representation that:
You have read and understood this cookie policy; and
You consent to us setting cookies in your browser.
Remarketing Program
LOKLIK may from time to time participate in various 'Remarketing' programs that are designed to tailor advertisements you see by recording certain keywords and tags that are associated with the pages you browse on our website, and then using that information to automatically select ads that may be more relevant to you. More specically, LOKLIK uses remarketing pixels and cookies to participate in the Dynamic Ad Serving feature provided by Google. If you would prefer to opt out of these services on our site, you may do so by visiting our Remarketing Opt Out Page.
Please note that this procedure will not block ads that are displayed on the websites you visit, and it will not prevent websites other than from collecting remarketing data about your browsing activities. To disable remarketing cookies for all websites, you may visit the cookie providers' opt-out pages. We also utilize Google Analytics as part of our Remarketing program and to provide use with statistical information about portions of the website that are visited the most. You may disable Google Analytics by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.
Message boards, blogs and other public forums
Our website may provide message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities, in addition to user proles. Anything that you share through any of these means is deemed public information. You should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Photo Stream Integration
The mobile app may allow you to import specific information and content from your photo streams on other platforms (e.g., Instagram, Google Photos) for use in connection with your portfolio. We use the Internet protocol 'OAuth' as the means to allow you to grant us access to such account information without the need to provide us with your password for third-party platforms.
If you elect to connect your Google Photo account with LOKLIK , you will be prompted to grant LOKLIK ’s mobile app permission to access the Google Photos restricted scope . You may revoke this access at any time. Account information collected through the Google OAuth restricted scope (i.e., your photos and any EXIF or metadata stored with your images) will not be shared with third parties or used in connection with advertisements.
LOKLIK ’s use of information received from Google API’s will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
Information Deletion
We respect your right to delete your personally identifying data at any time. Should you request your personally identifying data be deleted, it will be deleted in compliance with our data retention policy and applicable law and rules. Please note that, to the extent that you either purchased or sold licenses to Media through LOKLIK , all licenses have a perpetual length, and we will, therefore, retain the minimum amount of information necessary (i.e., your name and a copy of such Media) in order to ensure future compliance with license terms.
We reserve the right to retain IP address and billing information relating to your account for a period of time for purposes of defending against certain type of abuse of our system, such as unwarranted chargebacks.
You can request permanent deletion by contacting support.
Third Parties on our site
Our site may contain advertisements, references and links to other websites and organizations.
You should be aware that different rules may apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet. The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours, and even if we have a relationship with the third party, we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and we encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, LOKLIK uses good faith efforts not to provide third parties with access to your personally identifiable information. We will, however, make your personally identifiable information available to others:
As part of your public member prole, where your name and location are displayed unless your prole has been set to confidential (please contact support for assistance);
When we have retained companies to work with or on behalf of
https://loklik.com/
to provide Products, goods or services that you have requested;
When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process);
If we believe your actions violate any law, regulation, our Terms of Use or any of our guidelines for promotions, Product offerings or any other features or functions of the site, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of
https://loklik.com/
, its suppliers, advertisers, other customers or users, or any other party;
As and when we, in our sole discretion, believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
In the event of a bankruptcy, or a merger, acquisition, joint venture or other business combination involving us.
It is also possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
We do not sell or market your personally identifiable information to unaffiliated organizations.
Some of the aggregate customer data we collect may be shared with advertising companies in order to enhance and improve the operation and relevance of the site, but we do not give any personally identifiable information to them as part of this relationship. Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies.
Your messages to us, including comments and other feedback that you may provide to us, are not private communications and will not be treated as such. We will use these communications to help improve the site and to help other users understand which features are popular and useful. In doing so, it is necessary to share your communications to us with various third parties.
Unless expressly directed otherwise by you in the communication, we may share the contents of such communications from you with other parties; provided, however, that we will not identify you as the author of the communications using your real name, if at all. For example, we may include as a testimonial in promotional materials your feedback to us concerning your experience in using the website. You should avoid including any information in the contents of your communications to us that may reveal your identity as the author of the communication unless you intend that we disclose the same without restriction to any party.
Communications from us
If you provide us with your e-mail address, we may occasionally send you emails notifying you about new services, products or other news relevant for you or the community.
Contacting us and accessing your personal information:
If you have any queries or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact us at:
privacy@loklik.com
We reserve the right to charge an administration fee in relation to fulfilling a request for access to personal information which fee shall not exceed the maximum fee allowed by law.
Summary
Our privacy guidelines are designed to ensure that we:
Collect and use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to deliver high quality service, to administer our business and to let you know of goods and services that are available from our family of companies;
Protect the personally identifiable information the site's users share with us, maintaining strict standards of security and confidentiality. In this regard we even limit access by our own employees to those individuals who are trained and advised in the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes;
Not disclose your personally identifiable information to any external organization, except as we have described in this Privacy Policy or unless we have previously obtained your consent in require any other organization that we retain or engage to provide services for us, to conform to our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance;
Exchange information about you and carry out credit approvals or checks necessary for your purchases of Products from us, to prevent fraud and any other activities we may be required to monitor and report under applicable laws and regulations;
Make every effort to keep your personally identifiable information complete, up to date, and accurate based on the information you provide us. Our site provides a convenient and easy to use mechanism to allow you to access and update the personally identifiable information you give us.
Sole Statement:
This Privacy Policy is the sole statement of LOKLIK ’s privacy policy with respect to the site, and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid.
Login and Registration Form
Login
Register
Registered Customers
If you have an account, sign in with your email address.
Email
Password
Create an Account
Show Password
Forgot Your Password?
Sign In
Personal Information
First Name
Last Name
Sign-in Information
Email
Sign Up for Newsletter
Password
Password Strength:
No Password
Confirm Password
Create an Account
Back
Forgot Your Password?
Please enter your email address below to receive a password reset link.
Email
Reset My Password
Go back
Checkout as a new customer
Creating an account has many benefits:
See order and shipping status
Track order history
Check out faster
Create an Account
Checkout using your account
Email Address
Password
Sign In
Forgot Your Password?