PRIVACY POLICY
Overview
The following Privacy Policy for DxT LLC describes how your personal information is handled in our apps including: Chess With Friends!, Bored Games With Friends, CityFood!, Device Info!, Crypto!, and any other mobile or desktop application that is created and/or distributed by DxT and/or any of it's parent(s) or subsidiaries.
We Collect No Personal Information Using Our Applications. We do not collect, use, save, or have access to any of your personal data recorded online or within the iOS/Android app. Individual settings relating to our apps are not personal (meaning you cannot be identified by them) and are stored only on your device. We do not process information related to photos, internet, etc. at all and have no access to it.
In addition, if you save an image for PC, iOS/Android, location data is saved in the image, but we have no access to that data and it is not shared with anyone unless you yourself choose to share the image.
​
Ads and User Location
CityFood! collects information on users' location in order to determine the available restaurants around them. Additionally, CityFood! and several of our other apps also displays ads to all users as a method of revenue generation. We do not store any information from either of these items. Your location is determined in the app on startup and is removed as soon as the app is done displaying locations. We also do not collect any data from the ads outside of Google's Admob ad policies.
​
Crypto News App
The Crypto! app provides information and news related to cryptocurrency and its pricing at the time of usage. We sources our news from a variety of locations but filter and restrict it to content that is at least somewhat related to the market of cryptocurrencies. Please note that we do not retain any user data from any of the articles or price tracker models. Additionally, each article will take you to the source's site where you can find the publisher, author, and any available contact information.
​
Chess with Friends! Online Interactions
Chess with Friends! offers online multiplayer as a way for users to connect and play together over the internet. During this time, several non-personal items related to your device info is retained in order to establish a connection to other users. While you search and/or play a game online, your device ID, username, and time of search are retained in our backend database until your game has completed or your search is cancelled. Once either of these actions have occurred, your information is terminated from our database. We retain no information and we handle no sensitive data while these interactions occur.