Terms of Service
When you create an AMuse account or use AMuse, you agree to abide by
        these Terms of Service and to comply with all applicable laws and
        regulations. If you do not agree with these Terms of Service, you are
        prohibited from further using the app.
If you access or download AMuse from (1) the Apple App Store, you agree
        to any Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service; and/or
        (2) the Google Play Store, you agree to the Android, Google Inc. Terms
        and Conditions including the Google Apps Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to review and amend any of these Terms of Service
        at our sole discretion. Upon doing so, we will update this page and
        notify you through the app and/or the email address you provided when
        you created your account. Any changes to these Terms of Service will
        take effect immediately from the date of publication.
Limitations of Use
By using AMuse , you warrant on behalf of yourself, any entity you
        represent who has entered into these Terms of Service, and your users
        that you will not:
1. modify, copy, prepare derivative works of, decompile, or reverse
        engineer AMuse or any materials and software contained within AMuse or
        on our website;
2. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from AMuse or any
        materials and software contained within AMuse or on our website;
3. transfer AMuse or any of its associated materials to another person
        or “mirror” the materials on any other server;
4. knowingly or negligently use AMuse or any of its associated services
        in a way that abuses or disrupts our networks or any other service
        provides;
5. use AMuse or its associated services to transmit or publish any
        harassing, indecent, obscene, fraudulent, or unlawful material;
6. use AMuse or its associated services in violation of any applicable
        laws or regulations;
7. use AMuse to send unauthorized advertising or spam;
8. harvest, collect, or gather user data without the user’s consent; or
9. use AMuse or its associated services in such a way that it may
        infringe on the privacy, intellectual property rights, or other rights
        of third parties.
Intellectual Property
The intellectual property in the materials in AMuse and on our website
        are owned by or licensed to we. You may download AMuse, to view, use,
        and display the application on your mobile device for your personal use
        only.
This constitutes the grant of a license, not a transfer of title. This
        license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these
        restrictions or these Terms of Service, and may be terminated by we at
        any time.
User-Generated Content
You retain your intellectual property ownership rights over the content
        you submit to us for publication within AMuse and/or on its
        corresponding website. We will never claim ownership of your content,
        but we do require a license from you in order to use it.
When you use AMuse or its associated services to post, upload, share, or
        otherwise transmit content covered by intellectual property rights, you
        grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable,
        worldwide license to use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly
        display, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of your content
        in a manner that is consistent with your privacy preferences and our
        Privacy Policy.
The license you grant us can be terminated at any time by deleting your
        content or account. However, to the extent that we (or our partners)
        have used your content in connection with commercial or sponsored
        content, the license will continue until the relevant commercial or post
        has been discontinued by us.
You give us permission to use your username and other identifying
        information associated with your account in a manner that is consistent
        with your privacy preferences, and our Privacy Policy.
Automatic Updates
You give us permission to download and install updates to AMuse on your
        device in accordance with your privacy preferences. This permission can
        be revoked at any time by deleting AMuse from your device.
Liability
AMuse and the materials in AMuse and on our website are provided on an
        'as is' basis. To the extent permitted by law, we make no warranties,
        expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all other
        warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or
        conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
        non-infringement of intellectual property, or other violation of rights.
In no event shall we or its suppliers be liable for any consequential
        loss suffered or incurred by you or any third party arising from the use
        or inability to use AMuse, our website, or any other services provided
        by us or the materials in AMuse, even if we or an authorized
        representative has been notified, orally or in writing, of the
        possibility of such damage.
In the context of this agreement, “consequential loss” includes any
        consequential loss, indirect loss, real or anticipated loss of profit,
        loss of benefit, loss of revenue, loss of business, loss of goodwill,
        loss of opportunity, loss of savings, loss of reputation, loss of use
        and/or loss or corruption of data, whether under the statute, contract,
        equity, tort (including negligence), indemnity, or otherwise.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied
        warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental
        damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of Materials
The materials appearing in AMuse or on our website are not comprehensive
        and are for general information purposes only. To the extent permitted
        by law, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the
        accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials in
        AMuse or on our website, or otherwise relating to such materials or on
        any resources linked to AMuse and our website.
Links
we have not reviewed all of the sites linked to AMuse or on its
        corresponding website and is not responsible for the contents of any
        such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement,
        approval, or control by us of the site. Use of any such linked website
        is at your own risk and we strongly advise you to conduct your own
        investigations with respect to the suitability of those sites.
Notice regarding Apple
To the extent that you are using or accessing AMuse on an iOS device,
        you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this clause. You acknowledge
        that these Terms of Service are between you and we only, not with Apple
        Inc. (Apple), and Apple is not responsible for AMuse and any materials
        available in AMuse.
Apple has no obligation to furnish you with any maintenance and support
        services with respect to AMuse.
If AMuse fails to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify
        Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price of the mobile application
        to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will
        have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to AMuse and
        any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses
        attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be our
        responsibility.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third
        party relating to AMuse or your use of AMuse, including but not limited
        to (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that our mobile
        application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory
        requirement; and (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar
        legislation.
Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and
        discharge of any third-party claim that our mobile application infringes
        on that third party’s intellectual property rights.
You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using
        AMuse, including any Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store
        Agreement of Service.
Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these
        Terms of Service, and upon your acceptance of these Terms of Service,
        Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the
        right) to enforce these Terms of Service against you as a third-party
        beneficiary of these Terms of Service.
You hereby represent and warrant that (1) you are not located in a
        country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been
        designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country,
        and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or
        restricted parties.
Right to Terminate
We may suspend or terminate your AMuse account and right to use AMuse
        and these Terms of Service immediately upon written notice to you for
        any breach of these Terms of Service.
Severance
Any term of these Terms of Service which is wholly or partially void or
        unenforceable is severed to the extent that it is void or unenforceable.
        The validity of the remainder of these Terms of Service is not affected.
Governing Law
These Terms of Service are governed by and construed in accordance with
        the laws of United States. You irrevocably submit to the exclusive
        jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Disclaimer
This model is open access and available to all, with a CreativeML
        OpenRAIL-M license further specifying rights and usage. The CreativeML
        OpenRAIL License specifies:
1. You can't use the model to deliberately produce or share illegal or
        harmful outputs or content
2. The authors claim no rights on the outputs you generate, you are free
        to use them and are accountable for their use which must not go against
        the provisions set in the license
3. You may re-distribute the weights and use the model commercially
        and/or as a service. If you do, please be aware you have to include the
        same use restrictions as the ones in the license and share a copy of the
        CreativeML OpenRAIL-M to all your users (please read the license
        entirely and carefully)
Please read the full license here
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our policy, do not
        hesitate to contact us at
amuse_feedback@rings.net.cn