MR Apps Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains our privacy practices for the Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data are collected and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.   It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it to provide you and your caregiver with the Appʼs functionality.  This policy is combined into our  User Agreement  (the “Terms”) and is a part of them. The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy. 1. Information we collect.  We use the information we collect to provide you a better service. We also use it to improve and customize the features and develop new features. 2. Automatically collected information:  we may collect s...
Read more
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mrappsprivacy.blogspot.com/2023/03/mr-apps-privacy-policy.html:
Skip to main content
MR Apps Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains our privacy practices for the Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data are collected and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it to provide you and your caregiver with the Appʼs functionality.
This policy is combined into our
User Agreement
(the “Terms”) and is a part of them.
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
1. Information we collect.
We use the information we collect to provide you a better service. We also use it to improve and customize the features and develop new features.
2. Automatically collected information:
we may collect some information automatically. i.e. analytical data.
3. Third party sites and services:
Third party services may collect some information.
4. Use of personal information.
We will use information to make our service available, improve our service and more important to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches
5. Security.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and unauthorized access or use of information, but these measures, just like any security measure, cannot provide absolute information security.
6. Children's privacy.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children.
7. Aggregated information.
We may use the information we collect from you to create statistical or aggregated information.
8. Changes to the Policy.
We may change this Policy at the time we update the app.
Data retention of User’s Personal Data
Personal Data may processed by both paper and electronic means.
The Data Controller adopts all technical and organizational measures for preventing the loss, improper use and alteration of Data Subjects’ Personal Data, and, in some cases, may adopt data encryption measures, too.
Personal Data processed to fulfill the purposes referred to under Section II above (legal obligations and obligations related to the use of the App) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and, in each case, for no more than 10 (ten) years from the termination of the agreement (i.e., after the cancellation of the App’ account) except for any legal obligation that set a longer data retention period. At the end of this period, the processed data will be deleted or anonymized.
1. Automated decision-making
No entirely automated decision-making is carried out within the processing of the Users’ Personal Data (there included profiling under Article 22(1) and 22(4) of GDPR).
2. Third party websites and apps
The App may include links to other websites or apps operated by third parties. The practices described in this Notice do not apply to data gathered through these third party websites and apps. The Company has no control over, and is not responsible for, the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites and apps.
3. Face Data
(a) We will not collect, use, display, share and retain the user's facial data.
(b) This application does not collect or share facedata with anyone or third party.
(c) This app main feature is to Blur background from selected image.
(d) app does not store any kind of user's face data.
IN-APP PURCHASES
The app includes In-App Purchases (IAP). In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the App Store Password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. Be aware of the iOS 15-minute window for making additional purchases / in-app purchases, during which your password may not be required.
To prevent accidental purchases (including those without your knowledge and permission), we suggest you use password protection on your iPhone:
Step 1. Tap «Settings» > «General» > «Restrictions» > «Allowed Content» > «Password Settings»;
Step 2. Under «Purchases and In-App Purchases», tap the setting «Always Require».
Contact us :
mohitrudani2023@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
MR Apps Privacy Policy
Visit profile
Archive
March 2023
1
Report Abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-policy 1
https://www.blogger.com/profile/16197270077026564116:
MR Apps Privacy Policy
On Blogger since
March 2023
Profile views
-
198
Report Abuse
My blogs
MP3 Converter Privacy Policy
Video Saver Privacy Policy
Video Compressor Privacy Policy
Photo Gallery Privacy Policy
Password Manager
Camera Translator
Scanner Privacy Policy
Video Saver Privacy Policy
Signature Scan Privacy Policy
Mohit Apps
MR Apps Privacy Policy
HD Video Downloader Privacy Policy
About me
Main menu
Google apps