Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
36
Loading…
{"id": "1wa6-Arak6un8f6OVIqM4t5eYBt_Gxy60", "title": "OJ Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 36
GAMBLING.COM GROUP LIMITED
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
GDC Media Limited, a subsidiary of Gambling.com Group Limited (Nasdaq: GAMB)
(“GAMB”).
The terms “GDC”, “we”, “us”, or “our” refer collectively to GAMB, and its current and
future subsidiaries (“Group Members”).
GDC Media Limited is the owner of the websites operated by and on behalf of GDC except
for certain GDC websites which are owned by OddsJam, Inc., another Group Member.
GDC Media Limited and OddsJam, Inc. have licensed the operation of certain GDC websites
in certain geographic locations to other Group Members, including:
(a) certain GDC websites operating in the United States to GDC America, Inc.;
(b) certain GDC websites owned by OddsJam, Inc. to GDC Media Limited and OpticOdds,
Inc.; and
(c) certain GDC websites operating in the United States to Roto Sports, Inc., under a
sub-license from GDC America.
This Privacy and Cookies Policy (“Policy”) describes the practices of GDC Media Limited,
OddsJam, Inc. and the Group Members involved in the operation of the GDC’s websites in
different geographic locations and the rights and choices available to individuals regarding
personal data.
1. PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY
GDC respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. Personal
data means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. It does
not include data where the ability to identify an individual has been removed (anonymous
data).
This Policy describes your rights and choices regarding your personal data. It is important
that you read the Policy carefully. If you have any questions about this Policy, including any
requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us as set out below.
1
Page 2 of 36
We may alter this Policy at any time and from time to time as needed for certain services
of GDC and to abide by local laws or regulations around the world, including by providing
supplemental information to users in certain jurisdictions. This Policy does not apply to
GDC’s processing of the personal data of its personnel, such as employees and contractors.
We also provide important additional information, which users should read, that is solely
applicable to individuals located (i) within the Member States of the European Union,
countries in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland
(collectively, “Europe” or “European”), (ii) in Brazil, and (iii) in California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nevada, Utah, Iowa, Florida, Washington, Virginia and
other states of the United States, (iv) in Australia, (v) in Canada and (vi) in Mexico.
Our websites may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking
on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect, use or
otherwise handle data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are
not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave any of our websites, we
encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect personal data about individuals from various sources described below. Where
applicable, we will let you know how we intend to use your data before collecting it, so
that you can decide whether or not you wish to provide that information. We may collect,
use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you (“Personal Data”) which
we have grouped as follows:
“Personal Information” includes any information from which (alone or when used in
combination with other information) you can be personally identified, including your
name, surname, email address, telephone number or mobile number. The Personal
Information we collect varies depending on our relationship and interactions with you.
Personal Information, sometimes referred to as “personal data”, may also have specific
meanings under different privacy laws.
“Profile Data” includes a username (or nickname), password (encrypted), login and logout
times and a profile image that an individual may establish and upload on one of our
websites or mobile applications, along with any comment or content posted by that user
and any other information that an individual enters into their account profile (e.g.
‘Freemium’ account);
“Financial Account Data” includes payment card details or bank account details;
“Recruitment Process Data” includes the CV and any covering letter of a job applicant and
notes taken for the duration of your recruitment process relating to a job application and
interview of a job applicant, and other information supplied by a job applicant, such as
2
Page 3 of 36
professional credentials and skills, educational and work history, and other information of
the type included on a CV or covering letter;
“Usage Data” includes information about how you use our websites. This Usage Data may
include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address),
browser type, browser version, operating system and platform, the pages of our Service
that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique
device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access our mobile applications with a mobile device, this Usage Data may
include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique
ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so
(“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our services, to improve and
customize our services.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our services at any time by way
of your device settings.
We also may collect, use and share “Aggregated Data” such as statistical or demographic
data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not
considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your
identity.
We may retain recordings of any telephone voice messages that you have left for our
customer support teams.
We automatically collect Usage Data. If you are using a mobile device, we collect data that
identifies your mobile device, device-specific settings and characteristics, app crashes and
other system activity.
We do not collect any information about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical
beliefs, gender or sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership,
information about your health, and genetic and biometric data. However, if you are
applying for a job with us, we will collect information about criminal convictions and
offences.
3. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We may use different methods to collect data from and about you including the following:
• Direct interactions. You may give us your Personal Information, Profile Data,
Financial Account Data and Recruitment Process Data by: a) filling in a job
application form on our Career Page, b) providing an email address to register with
our websites and/or receive our newsletter, c) posting comments during your use of
3
OJ Privacy Policy.pdf
OJ Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Page 1 of 36