OUTsurance privacy policy
Your Rights
Purposes
Personal Data
Sharing your information
Our Contact Details
Data Protection Commissioner
Start Quote
Your Rights
Purposes
Personal Data
Sharing your information
Our Contact Details
Data Protection Commissioner
OUTsurance DAC
(‘OUTsurance’
or We
)
, is a member of the global OUTsurance Group (‘Group’). We are established in Ireland to undertake and carry out insurance business against non-life risks and liabilities, including home and motor insurance. We are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland, registered under company number 724743, and headquartered in Co. Dublin, Ireland.
We know you care about your privacy, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice describes
OUTsurance’s
policies and practices regarding the collection and use of your personal data and sets forth your privacy rights.
We use certain expressions throughout this document which are defined below for your reference.
Consent
is any “freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous” indication of the individual’s wishes by which the data subject, either by a statement or by clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to personal data relating to them being processed for one or more specific purposes.
Cross Border Data Transfers
to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or to international organisations is subject to restrictions. Data does not need to be physically transported to be classified as transferred. Viewing data in another location would be equated to a transfer for GDPR purposes.
Data Controller
means the entity which, by itself or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of processing Personal Data.
OUTsurance
is the Data Controller in respect of Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data covered by this Privacy Policy.
Data Breach
is a security incident leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or processed.
Data Processor
is an organisation or individual that processes information on behalf of a data controller. They have no decision-making authority and cannot do anything with data unless instructed by the controller. An example is a payroll company, accountant, or research company.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
is a staff member or contractor hired to ensure and demonstrate compliance with data protection laws. They must be experts in data protection laws and practices and should communicate with supervisory authorities, conduct DPIAs, advising the organisations on the GDPR and how to comply.
Data Subject (You)
Identified or identifiable natural person, i.e., one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier, such as name, an identification number, and location data.
Legitimate Interest
When relying on our legitimate interest or a third party’s, we will demonstrate to you that your fundamental rights have not been compromised. We will:
Ensure the purpose is legitimate
Ensure processing is necessary to the legitimate interest
Inform you at the time of collection
Balance interests with your interests
Uphold your fundamental rights and freedoms
Personal Data
means any information relating to a ‘data subject’ (You).
Special Categories of Personal Data
includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
Your Rights
Access & Rectification
means that you are able to request certain information from us free of charge, unless making copies in which a small administration fee may be charged.
Data Portability
gives you the right to obtain and transfer your data to a different controller or service in a “commonly structured and machine-readable form”.
Erasure
is also known as the “Right to be Forgotten” when you may request your personal data to be erased and no longer processed subject to our legal and accounting obligations.
Rectification
of your data, including correction of errors and updating incomplete information.
Restriction of Processing
of stored personal data with aim of limiting processing in the future. Different from erasure, it allows personal data to continue to be stored without further being processed.
To Be Informed
about the collection and the use of your personal data at the time of collection. The data with respect to the below topics will be provided to you in a concise, transparent, intelligible, easily accessible format:
Purpose of processing personal data
Retention periods for the data
Who the data will be shared with
To Complain.
If you have any concerns in relation to the way We process your personal data, you can either contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) or address your issue directly to Data Protection Commission.
To Object
to the processing of your personal data where the Legitimate interest is used as the legal basis for processing data in relation to your policy.
Withdrawal of consent.
For certain uses of your personal information, we may ask for your consent. Where we do this, you have the right to withdraw your consent to further use of your personal information. Withdrawal of consent would not invalidate any processing we carried out prior to your withdrawal of consent. Please note that in some cases we may not be able to process your insurance if you withdraw your consent.
We do not generally rely on consent for processing personal information in relation to insurance contracts; we generally rely on other legal grounds, such as the basis that processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party.
Purposes
We process your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data in connection with the insurance policies we underwrite and administer in the Republic of Ireland. In addition, depending on your relationship with us (for example, a partner, a vendor, or a candidate for a role with us), we may collect different types of data relating to you.
Where appropriate, we will use this information for certain purposes depending on the relationship we have with you.
If you are an actual or prospective insured member, we will use this information for the following purposes:
Undertake a risk assessment and evaluation in line with our underwriting protocols, determine the premium requirement and/or provide a quotation, in order to comply with our legal obligations and to enter into a contract with you;
Set you up as a policyholder or record you as a party entitled to indemnity as well as administer the policy, including with respect to the collection of premiums, processing of claims and other payments made in the course of our contractual relation;
Communicate with you and/or any third party acting on your behalf as part of our business relationship;
Manage claims, including investigating, assessing, processing, undertaking dispute resolution, settling claims, and bringing and/or defending legal proceedings.
Identify whether a vehicle has been taxed, NCT or if the vehicle has been involved in a claim or written off using the VRN system; to validate your driving licence number with the relevant authority; to validate the number of penalty points disclosed by you; to validate the licence date and country of origin of the licence.
Prevent, detect, and investigate insurance fraud, as well as other offences including money laundering, and to assist An Garda Síochána or any other authorised investigatory body or authority with any inquiries or investigations;
Deliver information about our products and services to you or to enter you in promotional competitions, where you have subscribed to same and in accordance with your preferences and based on your consent where you have chosen to give it.
Direct Marketing
If your chosen preference is to receive marketing, we may contact you by email, SMS, phone, or post, depending on your preferred method of communication, to send you OUTsurance branded information on special offers, partnerships, competitions, vouchers, and products.
We may reach out to you via email, SMS, phone, or post for cross selling purposes if you have provided consent for the same via phone or through our website.
We may reach out to you to follow up on a quote you have requested via email, SMS, phone, post or through our website if you have provided consent for the same.
To opt-out of receiving communication related to direct marketing activities please contact us via phone, email, or post. See contact details section below for more information.
If you are
a business partner
, we may also collect your personal information from our day-to-day business activities with you, business referrals and your attendance at events.
We may, as a result of our business dealings, come to possess personal data in relation to you and your employees, directors, officers, and other representatives.  We may receive such data from you, from such persons, or from other sources (for example, published or publicly available directories); and some limited data may be recorded indirectly by internal security and communication systems or by other means (for example, visitor logs maintained by security officials at our offices).  Subject to compliance with the applicable data protection legislation, we may use and disclose such data solely for purposes connected with the business dealings.
If you have
applied for a job
through our Careers portal or job posting websites such as
LinkedIn, Indeed, Irish jobs
, your personal data will be collected and stored in our servers or third-party servers. Typically, this is the data which will be collected, stored, and processed (until you ask us to stop the processing or ask us to delete it):
Name, address, telephone number(s) and email address
Details of qualification (where required for a role), skills, experience, and employment history
Details of eligibility to work in Republic of Ireland.
Any additional information contained in a candidate’s CV such as referee information, disclosed at interview or otherwise provided to us during the recruitment process.
Your accessibility requirements, if any.
In case you attend an onsite job interview, your images will be captured in our CCTV which have been installed strictly for security purposes.
We will retain data in relation to unsuccessful job applications, including Curriculum Vitae and references for 1 year and 1 day or, where successful, for the duration of the employment plus 7 years from the date of termination.
There are also legitimate business interests under which we will be processing data as follows:
To develop and improve insurance products. It may include the creation of models and profiles for purposes such as pricing, fraud prediction, evolution of claims, monitoring of quality standards, customer’s suitability for the product and determination of premium.
To investigate, detect and prevent fraud, as well as cases of high claim rate, for which information of the interested parties will be consulted in the common databases of the insurance sector and in capital solvency databases, at the time of the conclusion of the contract, during its validity and after its resolution. Likewise, it also seeks to prevent and detect identity and civil status fraud.
For video surveillance and access control at our headquarters to ensure the safety of people and property as for the prosecution of crimes, where appropriate.
To carry out internal audit processes and ensure our regulatory compliance.
Although we normally rely on Consent for direct marketing activities, Depending on the specific case we may have a legitimate interest in sending commercial communications that may be of the interest of consumers. This may include marketing campaigns, cross-selling, promotion of our products and brand, loyalty programs and rewards agencies, information on bonuses for referring family and friends, congratulations on special occasions, newsletters or other sponsorships, information on events, sending information on offers and incentives through the elaboration of commercial profiles. These campaigns can be carried out through emails, calls, SMS, search engines, social networks and involve automated processing for monitoring.
To manage our social networks and the content published on them given our legitimate interest in positioning our image via digital means and interacting with users through them.
To promote service quality surveys and loyalty to our insurance products via email, SMS or telephone in order to make strategic and business decisions, as well as improve the services provided.
To administer, improve, and ensure the safety of our website both for users and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes. For further information please see our Cookies Policy.
For quality assurance in relation to the services we provide. It will include call recording for monitoring of the performance of sales agents, claims handlers and related employees in delivering the expected levels of customer service. Recordings will be used in induction and development training sessions of sales advisors.
To manage and investigate complaints;
To defend our legal rights, to protect our operations or those of our Group companies or business partners;
To check against international/economic or financial sanctions laws or regulated;
To ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. For motor policies only, in compliance with the Road Traffic Act 1961 (as amended) we share details of your policy with the Motor Insurers Bureau of Ireland (The details on MIBI processing activity can be found on https://www.mibi.ie), the Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport and An Garda Síochána for the purposes of section 78A as autonomous data controllers.
For reinsurance purposes.
Personal Data We Collect From You
If you are buying an insurance policy with us, the personal data we collect, and use will differ depending on the product we are arranging but typically includes:
Full name (of policyholder and any other individuals who may benefit from the relevant insurance claims or services)
Date of Birth, Gender, Marital Status
Employment details
Existing policy details
Username and password for a website account (which you may set up in order to obtain a quote or purchase insurance or services)
Address and contact details, including email address and phone number
Level of cover and policy details (for insurance policies)
Other details requested on application forms such as vehicle registration, make and model, or boiler make and model
Payment details, which may include your credit card or bank details
Vehicle registration number, Driving Licence Number
No Claims Discount (NCD) PIN where applicable
Health-related data in the context of claims
Unspent criminal convictions and for car insurance, penalty point information and Road Traffic offences.
We will also assign you a policy or contract number which we will record alongside your other personal details.
If you provide us with details relating to other individuals (for example, those with an interest under the policy or contract such as named drivers and authorised persons), please ensure such individuals are aware that we will use their details for the purposes of the relevant insurance policy or services, and direct them to this privacy notice for more information. If you do not provide us with the requested information, then we may not be able to offer you the applicable insurance policy or services.
Furthermore,
you may give us Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data:
By corresponding with us
in writing, by phone, email or otherwise. We ask you to disclose only as much Personal Data and/or Special Categories of Personal Data as is necessary to provide you with our Products and services or to submit a question/suggestion/comment in relation to our websites, our Products, or our customer service;
By applying for, or purchasing, one or more of our Products
, either directly from us or via an authorised intermediary, advisor or another third party (e.g. your employer if you are a member of a group scheme);
By setting up profiles or logging onto your profile on
www.outsurance.ie
(
our “website
”);
By posting on our social media platforms
, message boards, blogs, and any other services to which you can post information. Please note that if you share Personal Data or Special Categories of Personal Data through these services, this information may become public information;
When you supply us with goods or services
;
By applying to work with us.
The type of information you may provide includes your curriculum vitae (CV), a cover letter, your name, address, email address and telephone number. CVs should include information relevant to your employment history and education (e.g. degrees obtained, places worked, positions held, relevant awards).
We ask that you do not disclose Special Categories of Personal Data (e.g. medical information, religion, philosophical or political beliefs) or financial data in your application;
By visiting our offices
your image may be captured on the closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras located in Cherrywood Business Park’s common areas, including car park, and Building 3 general reception. Your personal data is processed in accordance with their Privacy policy, which can be found here:
https://thecampus.ie/privacy-policy/
There is also a limited number of cameras installed in our offices exclusively for security purposes, covering the publicly accessible areas within the premises. Images captured are not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes. Notification of CCTV usage will be available through easily read and well-lit signs at the entrances.
Automated decision-making
In order to incept and administer an insurance policy, OUTsurance may use profiling and automated decision-making processes. Automated decision-making is the process of making a decision by automated means without any human involvement. These decisions can be based on factual data, as well as on digitally created profiles or inferred data. Examples of this include:
Help assess individual risk and calculate insurance premiums;
Make a decision about whether to extend or renew cover.
Assess the probability that your claim may be fraudulent or suspect in some way.
Some of the benefits of automated processes include allowing greater consistency and fairness (e.g. by reducing the potential for human error and discrimination) and a more efficient decision-making process.
Where sensitive personal information is relevant to the profiling, such as past motoring convictions for motor insurance, your sensitive personal information may also be used in the profiling models.
OUTsurance endeavours reasonable efforts to ensure that data you provide us with is recorded accurately and checks the analytics for hidden bias. We also have measures in place to verify and ensure, on an ongoing basis, that data reused or obtained indirectly is accurate and up to date.
Please note:
You have certain rights in respect of automated decision making where that decision has significant effects on you.
Sharing your information, and our relationship with other parties
We may share your Personal Data, and if necessary and in accordance with legal requirements, Special Categories of Personal Data, with other companies in the Group, partners of the Group and coinsurance and reinsurance companies, located in Ireland and abroad, including outside the European Economic Area (’EEA’).
We may also share your Personal Data, and if necessary and in accordance with legal requirements, Special Categories of Personal Data, with selected third parties, including business partners, and suppliers and sub-contractors, such as engineers, repairers, motor assessors, loss adjustors, expert appraisers, expert witnesses and alike located in Ireland and abroad, including outside the EEA (for example, to provide you with our Products and for the performance of any contract we enter into with you or them). Further details of the sharing of Personal Data (including, if necessary and in accordance with legal requirements, Special Categories of Personal Data) are set out below and in Schedule of this Privacy Policy.
All our third-party service providers and other entities in the Group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Data and/or Special Categories of Personal Data, in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your Personal Data or Special Categories of Personal Data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your Personal Data and/or Special Categories of Personal Data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data Analytics
OUTsurance uses your personal data for certain purposes concerning data analytics as follows:
Get a more complete understanding of how you engage with our business so we can deliver better experiences and drive results.
Develop a customer-centric measurement across our website and app identifying the role different channels play.
In addition, we may disclose your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data with third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data to the proposed seller or buyer of such business or assets, as appropriate;
If we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data held by us will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to: comply with any legal obligation, Court Order or to co-operate with state bodies; enforce this Privacy Policy or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect our rights, property, safety, customers, or others. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organisations (including private investigators, where appropriate) for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
We have set out in Schedule of this Privacy Policy a list of third parties with whom we share your Personal Data and, where necessary and in accordance with legal requirements, Special Categories of Personal Data.
Please note, information about claims (whether by our customers or third parties) is collected by us when a claim is made under a policy, including where the information is made available on InsuranceLink. This information may be shared with other insurance companies, self-insurers, or statutory authorities.
The purpose of InsuranceLink is to help us identify incorrect information and fraudulent claims and, therefore, to protect customers. Under data protection legislation you have a right to know what information about you and your previous claims is held on InsuranceLink. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us at the address below or for further information on InsuranceLink go to www.inslink.ie.
Finally, where you have consented to our doing so, we may share information that you provide to companies within the Group and with other companies that we establish commercial links with so we and they may contact you (by email, SMS, telephone or other appropriate means) in order to tell you about carefully selected products, services or offers that we believe will be of interest to you.
Retaining Your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data
The time periods for which we retain your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data depends on the type of information and the purposes for which we use it. We will keep your information for no longer than is required or permitted.
All Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data will be retained for the duration of the periods set out in our Data Retention Policy. These periods of time are subject to legal, tax and regulatory requirements or to enable us to manage our business. If you would like further information, please contact us at the details provided below.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. This anonymised data may be used for research or analytical purposes.
Security of Your Information
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data.
Details of these measures are available upon request.
Third parties acting on our behalf or other third parties such as loss adjusters, assessors, amongst others will only process your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
The duration for which we retain data is determined by its intended use, the timeframes specified by laws, and the duration needed to ensure compliance with legal requirements. Typically, we keep information for the following periods:
Type of record
Retention period
CCTV images within OUTsurance’s Head office area
30 days
Data related to unsuccessful or incomplete quotes
36 months
Data related to Potential or Actual Claims Taken Out on a Policy
10 years after the full and final settlement has been agreed.
Data related to Potential or Actual Claims Taken Out on a Policy where a child is involved
The later date of 10 years after the child turns 18, or the full and final settlement date has been agreed.
Policy Data
10 years from date on which the policy expires
Do We Transfer Your Information Outside
the European Economic Area?
Yes. Given the global nature of our business, our data is transferred to at least one other country outside the European Economic Area.
The Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored, outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and for which there may be no adequacy decision relating to the safeguards for Personal Data from the European Commission. In such instances, appropriate safeguards are put in place to protect your Personal Data and Special Categories of Personal Data and you may obtain a copy of these safeguards by contacting our Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided below.
Our Contact Details
You can contact us through the following channels:
Phone:
OUTsurance Customer Services on +353 1800 600 400 or,
Email:
dpo@outsurance.ie
Post:
Data Protection Officer, OUTsurance DAC, 2nd floor, Building 3, The Campus - Cherrywood Business Park, Dublin 18, Co. Dublin, Ireland D18 TF72.
Related notices and terms
Our Cookie Policy is available at
www.outsurance.ie
. It provides information about the use of cookies on our website. We will also ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of the policy when you first visit our website. Terms relating to your insurance policy or service-only contract with us (where relevant) are provided separately by us on this website.
We recognise that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will, from time to time, update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.
Data Protection Commissioner Contact Details
Postal Address
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Email Address
dpo@dataprotection.ie
SCHEDULE
How We Obtain Your Personal Data
We collect Personal Data through our various interactions with OUTsurance Group, you, and our appointed agents. This can be through different channels such as websites, contact centres, e-mail, post and in person. Further information about these channels is set out below.
Personal Data Provided By
Details
Direct Engagement with You
We collect your Personal Data directly from you when you:
contact our customer service centres (e.g. to get an insurance quote);
submit an online application to receive an insurance quote or to renew your policy;
visit our website;
submit a claim;
request any information from us; and/or
communicate with us via social media platforms or competitions.
Indirect Engagement
We collect your Personal Data indirectly from third party service providers in certain circumstances. These parties include:
other insurance companies;
Your or our broker;
any third parties involved in an incident with you;
public registers (e.g. Companies Registration Office);
credit referencing agencies; and/or official authorities (e.g. An Garda Síochána, the ambulance or fire services).
Personal Data is also obtained from other sources such as third-party databases and public websites. We use these databases and websites to obtain additional details to help verify Personal Data and other information you have provided. Further information about these channels is set out below.
Third Party Database
Details about Collecting Personal Data
Insurance Link
This database contains information relating to claims (i.e. Claims Data). It is a shared insurance industry database that allows its users (i.e. insurance companies, self-insurers, and statutory authorities) to gather, share and compare recorded claims with claims history information provided by new claimants against policyholders. Personal Data shared on Insurance Link may be shared with other insurance companies, self-insurers, or statutory authorities. For more information please visit
https://www.inslink.ie
.
IIDS (Integrated Information Data Service)
This is a shared members database that, by arrangement with the Department of Transport, allows users to confirm the accuracy of penalty points and no claims discount information provided by customers with motor policies.
Third parties with whom we share your Personal Data
We must share Personal Data on insured persons to third party databases, our service providers, staff, agents, Government/statutory/regulatory bodies. We may also share your Personal Data during the insurance process on third party databases to verify certain Personal Data that you have provided to us. Further information on such sharing is set out below.
Third-party Database
Details about sharing personal data
InsuranceLink
Database containing information relating to claims (i.e. Claims Data). It is a shared insurance industry database that allows its users (insurance companies) to gather, share and compare recorded claims with claims history information provided by new claimants against policyholders. Personal Data shared on Insurance Link may be shared with other insurance companies, self-insurers, or statutory authorities. For more information, please visit
https://www.inslink.ie.
National Fleet Database
This database is used to verify information provided to us for fleet insurance customers.
Motor Insurance Bureau of Ireland
Governing authority which deals with motor accidents which are committed by uninsured or unidentified persons, or which involve foreign vehicles.
National vehicle and Driver File
Database containing a register of all vehicles and drivers of vehicles in Ireland
Personal Injuries Assessment Board
Independent State body which assesses personal injury compensation
Other entities we share Your Personal Data with can be found in the table below:
Some third parties may keep their own record of Personal Data obtained (e.g. Insurance Link). Please check the Data Protection Notices of these third parties if you want more information about how they process Personal Data. We may have to share some or all of your Personal Data with the parties listed below. Please note that these parties are non-exhaustive as they may change from time to time.
Recipient
Details about sharing personal data
Our staff or agents
Internal/External staff
Contractors
Other members of the OUTsurance Group in our claims, customer service, quotation, underwriting departments, and support departments
Service Providers
Reinsurance companies, professional advisers, legal advisors, auditors
Motor assessors, loss adjustors, private investigators, expert appraisers, expert witnesses
Providers of our essential services (e.g. telecommunications, postal/courier providers, IT service providers, software providers, payment processor)
Other third parties involved in administering your contract such as data analysis service providers, marketing, and market research providers
Government, Regulatory and Statutory Bodies
Department of Transport;
Data Protection Commission;
Revenue Commissioners;
Central Bank of Ireland;
Financial Services Ombudsman;
Industry and trade bodies;
An Garda Síochána.
Witnesses
Witnesses to any incidents/accidents to which you are involved
Claimants and their Legal or Medical representatives
Claimants’ representative
Claimants’ intermediary
Claimants’ solicitor
Claimants’ doctor
Any Party You Have Given Us Permission to Speak to
Policyholder’s representative
Policyholder’s intermediary
Policyholder’s solicitor
Policyholder’s public loss assessor; and/or
Policyholder’s relative or friend
Any Party Named Under Your Insurance Policy
Joint policyholders
Named drivers
Employees
Other Insurers and Their Agents
Other insurers directly or via those acting for the insurer such as loss adjusters.
Cookie Setting
At OUTsurance we use cookies to ensure that our website works properly. We can also use cookies to improve and personalise your experience, understand how you use our website and for advertising purposes. 

You can agree to all cookies by clicking on ‘Accept All Cookies’ or choose which cookies you want to agree to by clicking on ‘Manage Cookie Settings’. You can change these settings at any time. 

For more information about the cookies on our website and how we use them please see our
Cookies Policy
Manage Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
Your Privacy
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise your visit, collect information about your use of that website and to provide you with a more personalised web experience. 

You can find out the different types of cookies used on our website and choose which optional cookies you would like to accept below. You should be aware, that refusing some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site. You can change your cookie preferences at any time. 

For more information about the cookies on our website and how we use them please see our Cookie Policy.
Cookies Policy
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies are necessary to enable the website to function properly and are therefore automatically used on our website and cannot be switched off.  This category includes cookies which we use to provide you with core services and features, to help keep our website secure and to help us detect fraud or crime.  
You can block or receive alerts about the use of these cookies through your browser, however if you choose to block these cookies some functionality on this website will not work properly.
Performance Cookies
Off
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Off
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
Off
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
Your Privacy
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise your visit, collect information about your use of that website and to provide you with a more personalised web experience. 

You can find out the different types of cookies used on our website and choose which optional cookies you would like to accept below. You should be aware, that refusing some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site. You can change your cookie preferences at any time. 

For more information about the cookies on our website and how we use them please see our Cookie Policy.
Cookies Policy
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies are necessary to enable the website to function properly and are therefore automatically used on our website and cannot be switched off.  This category includes cookies which we use to provide you with core services and features, to help keep our website secure and to help us detect fraud or crime.  
You can block or receive alerts about the use of these cookies through your browser, however if you choose to block these cookies some functionality on this website will not work properly.
Performance Cookies
Off
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Off
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
Off
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://thecampus.ie/privacy-policy/:
Overview
Life Sciences
Offices To Let
F2 & F3
F2
F3
Location & Transport
Lifestyle
Office Occupiers
Building 3
Building 4
Building 8
The Vision
Register Interest
The Campus Connects
Brochure Downloads
The Campus Brochure
F2 & F3 Brochure
B3, B4 & B8 Floorplan Brochure
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Spear Street Capital’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website,
https://www.thecampus.ie
, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 15 May 2019.
Cookies Policy
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
We use cookies to track and monitor site usage to help improve the user experience.
You can
control and/or delete
cookies as you wish – for details, see
aboutcookies.org
. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
This website uses cookies to make your experience better. 
By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OK
Read More