Fresh out of the oven
Uxcel uses cookies to enhance your learning, provide relevant design content, and improve the site. You can alter your preferences anytime.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
UXcel Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 7, 2022
Introduction and Overview
UXcel, Inc. (“
UXcel
,” “
we
,” “
our
” or “
us
”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share information about you as well as your rights and choices about such collection, use and sharing, and applies to our website at www.UXcel.com  (“
Site
”), the UXcel app at app.uxcel.com and/or tools or other services (collectively, "
Services
").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see
Changes to this Privacy Policy
). Your continued use of the Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us as set forth in the
Contact Us
section below.
Information Collection
We collect the following types of information from users of the Services.
1. Information You Provide Directly to UXcel
When you create an account with UXcel to obtain the Services, we may collect the following information from you:
Name, email address and physical address
Social media account information (e.g., Google, Facebook)
Credit card details (if you have a paid account)
In addition, if you choose to create a profile with UXcel (a “
Profile
”), you will be invited to provide information such as the following:
Biographical information
Work experience
Education
Skills and certifications
Projects
UXcel classes you have taken and UXcel assessments you have received
In addition, if you choose to create or respond to a job listing via the Services (“
Job Posting
”), you may be invited to provide additional information such as the following:
Information regarding the interview process
Status of the interactions and progress of the party who posted the Job Posting and the candidate who responded to the Job Posting
Whether the communications relating to Job Posting resulted in employment or other engagement, and the amount of compensation paid for such employment or engagement
Documentation (e.g., offer letter, employment agreement) regarding employment or engagement
If you are using the Services through an account created on behalf of your employer or an organization of which you are a member (“
Team Account
”), we may collect and process your personal information on behalf of the owner of the Team Account.
We may also collect your information when you communicate with us about the Services and as otherwise necessary to provide the Services to you.
2. Information Contained in Your Content and Information
You may provide information, including your Profile, that will be published or displayed (hereinafter, "
posted
") on public areas of the Services, or transmitted to other users of the Services or third parties (defined in the UXcel Terms of Service as “
Content and Information
”). Your Content and Information is posted via the Services and made available to others at your own risk. Although we may, in our sole discretion, limit access to your Content and Information or allow you to set certain privacy settings for your Content and Information, we are not obligated to do so. If we do provide access restrictions, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Services who may have access to your Content and Information. We cannot and do not guarantee that your Content and Information will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
3. Information Collected Automatically
As you navigate through and interact with the Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your use of the Services, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Services.
Information about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and other similar information. This data also includes IP address, MAC address, device advertising ID (e.g., IDFA or AAID), and other device identifiers.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically helps us to improve the Services, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the Services according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to the Services.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Services.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of the Services may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on the Services. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our Site may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related Site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Site content and verifying system and server integrity).
4. Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our Site are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see
Tracking Technology Choices
below.
Use of Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present the Services and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
If you have an account with UXcel, to provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to the Services or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please let us know at support@uxcel.com.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
We may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified) without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.
For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use your information, see
Your Rights and Choices
below.
Sharing of Information
We share information about you as follows:
Service Providers.
We may share your information with our agents, vendors and other service providers (collectively "
Service Providers
") in connection with their work on our behalf. Service Providers assist us with services such as payment processing, credit checks, data analytics, marketing and promotional services, website hosting, and technical support. Service Providers are prohibited from using your information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance, although we may permit them to use aggregate information which does not identify you or de-identified data for other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may share your information with our related entities, including our parent and sister companies. For example, we may share your information with our affiliates for customer support, marketing and technical operations.
Business Partners.
We may share your information with our business partners in connection with offering you co-branded services, selling or distributing our services, or engaging in joint marketing activities. In addition, we may partner with employers, recruiters and other companies that are seeking qualified employees and make your information, including your Profile, available to such business partners for that or other purposes, whether via a Job Posting or otherwise. Note, however, that information provided by you directly to employers, recruiters, or other companies (e.g., applicant information, including location, language, and other personal traits and attributes) as a result of engaging via a Job Posting is not governed by this Privacy Policy. Additionally, in the case of a Team Account, we will not share your information on that Team Account with a UXcel business partner except with the explicit consent of the Team Account owner.
Team Account Owners.
If you are using the Services as a Team Account member, we may share your information with the owner of the Team Account.
Recruiting Account Owners
. If you respond to a Job Posting, we may share your information with the owner of the account who posted the Job Posting.
Third Parties.
We may share your information with third parties for purposes of facilitating your requests (such as when you choose to share information with a social network about your activities on the Services) and in connection with tailoring advertisements, measuring and improving the Services and advertising effectiveness, and enabling other enhancements.
Merger or Acquisition.
We may share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Security and Compelled Disclosure.
We may share your information to comply with the law or other legal process, and where required, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also share your information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of UXcel, the Services or any third party.
Consent.
We may share your information for any other purpose disclosed to you and with your consent.
Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information (which does not identify you) or de-identified information about you with third parties or affiliates for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share your information, please see
Your Rights and Choices
below.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that we may also be required to retain your personal information for legal and accounting reasons.
Third Party Partners and Integrations
The Services may contain links to third party agents, websites or services, such as third-party integrations and identity providers (“
Third Party Partner
”).
UXcel sometimes contracts with other companies and individuals to perform functions or services on our behalf. They may have access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but are restricted from using the personal information for purposes other than providing services for us or to us.
UXcel will obtain assurances from its agents that they will only process the data for the limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual and will safeguard personal information consistently with this Privacy Policy.
It is our responsibility to take steps to ensure that the Third Party Partner processes personal information appropriately. Where UXcel becomes aware that an agent is using or disclosing personal information in a manner contrary to this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure. If the agent will no longer meet its obligation to provide adequate protections, we require that agent to notify us, at such time we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing.
Before using a third-party integration or service, it is recommended that you review the privacy policy of the Third Party Partner.
Your Rights and Choices
1. Review and Update of Account Information
You may access, update, or remove certain account information that you have voluntarily submitted to us through the Services by sending an email to us at support@uxcel.com. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. California residents have additional rights as set forth in
Your California Privacy Rights
below.
2. Tracking Technology Choices
Cookies and Pixels.
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Do Not Track.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies, some parts of the Services may not function correctly.
3. Communications
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or emailing us at support@uxcel.com with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the email. Please note that you cannot opt-out of certain non-promotional emails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or UXcel’s ongoing business relations with you.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law grants additional privacy rights to California residents. In particular, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) requires businesses to disclose, for the past 12 months, (i) the categories of personal information collected, (ii) the sources of the collected personal information, (iii) the purposes for which the collected personal information is used, (iv) the categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose, and (v) the categories of any personal information sold. UXcel provides these disclosures in the following table. Note that UXcel has not sold any personal information during the past 12 months, even under the broad CCPA definition of a “sale.”
Category
Sources of Collection
Purposes of Collection
Disclosures for a Business Purpose
Identifiers
Site visits, creation of accounts and Profiles; registration for UXcel products and services
For customer registration, to enable UXcel to provide its products and services and to allow UXcel to communicate with you
To UXcel service providers to assist in providing UXcel products and services; to UXcel business partners
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute
Registration to receive UXcel products and services; creation of Profiles
To enable UXcel to provide its products and services and to allow UXcel to communicate with you
To UXcel service providers to assist in providing UXcel products and services; to UXcel business partners
Commercial information
Purchase of UXcel products and services
To provide UXcel products and services to customers and maintain purchase history
To UXcel service providers to facilitate delivery of products and services
Internet or other electronic network activity
Your browsing and search history on our Site and other interaction with our Site
To improve the visitor experience on our Site, diagnose server problems and administer our Site
To third-party analytics service providers for the purpose of enhancing our Site and improving the effectiveness of our advertising
Geolocation data
Your IP address or mobile device information
To provide more targeted Services to you
N/A
California residents also have the rights described below. We will not discriminate against any California resident who exercises these rights.
Right to access/know your information.
You may request from us a list of (i) the personal information that we have collected about you, and (ii) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information. You have the right to up to two (2) access requests each twelve (12) months.
Right to delete your information.
You may request, at any time, that we delete your information and direct our service providers to delete your information from their records.
You may contact us to exercise these rights at
support@uxcel.com
. To ensure the privacy and protection of individuals, we are required to verify your identity (or that of your authorized agent) or otherwise authenticate your request(s), which we will do in accordance with the CCPA regulations. Please note that, under the CCPA, we are not required to grant a request to access/know or a request to delete with respect to personal information obtained from you in your role as an employee, owner, director, officer or contractor of a company and within the context of UXcel providing its services to such company.
Your European Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “
GDPR
”). Those rights include:
The right of access to your information.
The right to rectify your information if it is incorrect or incomplete.
The right to have your information erased (“right to be forgotten”) if certain grounds are met.
The right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information at any time (if our processing is based on consent).
The right to object to our processing of your information (if processing is based on legitimate interests).
The right to object to our processing of your information for direct marketing purposes.
The right to receive your information from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit your information to another controller without hindrance from us (data portability).
If you are located in the European Union and you are or have been a user of our services, we may send you marketing communications based on our legitimate interests, subject always to your right to opt out of such communications. Further, if you are located in the European Union, we will never share your information with a third party for such third party’s marketing purposes, unless you have specifically consented to us doing so.
You may contact us at
support@uxcel.com
to exercise any of the above rights. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity, and in some circumstances, we may charge a reasonable fee for access to your information.
Furthermore, if you believe that our processing of your information is inconsistent with your data protection rights under the GDPR and we have not adequately addressed your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority of your country.
For purposes of the GDPR, we are a “controller” and you are a “data subject.”
Users Outside the United States
UXcel is a U.S.-based company. If you are a non-U.S. resident and provide us with your personal information, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be transferred to and processed in the United States, where the laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your information, you consent to such transfer and processing.
Children
The Services are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children under 13 years of age. UXcel does not knowingly collect personal information as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and believe UXcel has collected such information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please contact us as at
support@uxcel.com
and we will remove such information to the extent required by COPPA.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy and updating the “last updated” date above. Your continued use of the Services indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
support@uxcel.com
.
We use cookies 🍪 to analyze our site and deliver personalized content. By clicking “Agree”, you content to our
Cookie Policy
. You may change your settings at any time.
Agree
Cookie Settings
Cookie Settings 🍪
We use cookies to remember your login details, provide a secure log-in experience, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content and advertising tailored to your interests. You can view detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we use in our
Cookie Policy
.
Click “Agree” to accept all cookies or “Decline” to allow only necessary cookies. You may change your preferences at any time by clicking the ”Cookies“ link in the footer of the page.
Decline
Agree
🍪 Cookies Preferences