Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 25, 2023
Introduction
Avatarify, Inc. ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:
● The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you download, install, access, or use the Monet app (the "App").
● Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in this App and in email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with this App.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
● We collect offline or on our website.
● You provide to or is collected by any third party (see Third-Party Information Collection).
Our website, and these other third parties, may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download or use this App. By downloading or using this App, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this App after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children
The App is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In addition, we may limit how we collect, use and store some of the information of EU users between 13 and 16. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
monet@avatarify.ai
.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect information from and about users of our App:
● Directly from you when you provide it to us.
● Automatically when you use the App.
Information You Provide to Us
The App is free and does not require registration. Therefore you are not required to provide any personal information in order to download the App or use it in demo mode.
The App permits you to import photos and other images from your camera, photo library or a website and manipulate those images from within the App. If you select a photo, it will be sent to our server, processed, sent back to your device and then immediately deleted from our servers. We do not store your images on our servers and we never access (nor are we able to access) your photos or images unless you choose to share it with us.
You may share content you create using the App, including photos and other images ("User Content") for publication or display on social media networks and other websites you access from the App. Your User Content is posted and transmitted to others at your own risk, and subject to the privacy practices of those third parties. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons, and we have no control or liability with regard to how your User Content may be used by others once you have posted or otherwise transmitted it.
Automatic Information Collection
When you download, access, and use the App, it may use technology to automatically collect:
Usage Details. When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the App.
Device Information. We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device's unique device identifier, operating system, browser type, and mobile network information.
If you do not want us to collect this information, do not download the App or delete it from your device.
Information Collection Technologies
The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
● Cookies (or mobile cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on your smartphone. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your smartphone. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App.
● Web Beacons. Pages of the App may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related App statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Information Collection
When you use the App or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. Third parties that we use to collect data regarding App users include:
● Mixpanel (
https://mixpanel.com
), which collects App user behavior information.
● AppsFlyer (
https://www.appsflyer.com
), which provides marketing and attribution analytics.
● Firebase Crashlytics (
https://firebase.google.com/docs/crashlytics
), which helps track, prioritize, and fix App stability issues.
These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this App.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to:
● Provide you with the App and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
● Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
● Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
● Notify you when App updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:
● Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
● Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests.
● Speed up your searches.
● Recognize you when you use the App
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
● To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
● To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
● To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our App users is among the assets transferred.
● To fulfil the purpose for which you provide it.
● For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
● With your consent.
● To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
● To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
● If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers or others
Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.
● Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of the App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
● Targeted Advertising by the Company. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can send us an email stating your request to hello@avatarify.ai.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal data only for those periods necessary to fulfill the various purposes outlined in this privacy notice, unless a longer period is required or allowed by law. As described in the Information We Collect section above, we aim to delete any photo you send us as soon as we have processed it and we do not store it on our servers.
European Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the European Union, you should be aware that Avatarify, Inc is the controller of your personal information. You have certain additional rights with respect to your information under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the "GDPR"), including the following:
● The right of access to your information.
● The right to rectify your information if it is incorrect or incomplete.
● The right to have your information erased ("right to be forgotten") if certain grounds are met.
● The right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information at any time (if our processing is based on consent).
● The right to object to our processing of your information (if processing is based on legitimate interests).
● The right to object to our processing of your information for direct marketing purposes.
● The right to receive your information from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit your information to another controller without hindrance from us (data portability).
You may contact us at
monet@avatarify.ai
to exercise any of the above rights. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity, and in some circumstances, we may charge a reasonable fee for access to your information.
Furthermore, if you believe that our processing of your information is inconsistent with your data protection rights under the GDPR and we have not adequately addressed your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority of your country.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have certain privacy rights as specified under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA"). These include:
● The right to know what personal information we collect.
● The right to know who we share your data with. We do not sell your data, but we do share your information with others for legitimate business purposes, as described in the How We Use Your Information section above.
● The right to request deletion of your data, unless an exception applies. Examples of exceptions include when we need to keep data to meet legal obligations or fix security issues. Upon your verified request, we will delete your personal information unless an exception applies, and will direct our service providers to do the same.
● Get a timely response. You have the right to make two free requests in any 12 month period. We will respond to your request within 45 days, and in more difficult cases we may extend our response time by another 45 days.
● Non-discrimination. We will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights, and we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and reach out to us with your questions.
Under the CCPA, we are required to inform you of the data we may have collected in the last 12 months:
● Identifiers, such as your email address or IP addresses.
● Internet or other electronic network activity information
● Electronic or visual information
We may share your personal information with a third party for business purposes or at your direction. We enter into agreements with our service providers in which they can only use your information for specific purposes and are required to ensure its confidentiality. In the past 12 months, we have disclosed the above categories of personal information for a business purpose or at your direction with our affiliates, services providers and third parties. For more details on third parties we share data with, please see the Disclosure of Your Information section above.
Please contact us at
monet@avatarify.ai
if you have any questions about data protection or if you wish to exercise any of your rights described above.
We do not track users over time and across apps or websites, and our app therefore does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
Brazilian Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Brazil, you should know that Avatarify, Inc is the controller of your personal information. You have certain additional rights with respect to your information, including the rights of access, deletion, correction and portability. You also have the right to object to our use of your information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or if you have any questions about data protection, you may contact us at
monet@avatarify.ai
to exercise any of these rights.
If you have any complaints about the way in which we have processed your data, you may file a complaint with the national authority in your country.
Mexican Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Mexico, you should know that Avatarify, Inc, located at 490 Post Street, Ste. 526, San Francisco, CA 94102, is the controller of your personal information.
You have the right to access, rectify and delete your information, and to object to or challenge our use of your information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or if you have any questions about data protection, you may contact us at
monet@avatarify.ai
Transfer of Data to Other Countries
The App is maintained in the United States. Any information you provide via the App may be stored, processed, transferred between, and accessed from the United States and other countries, which may not guarantee the same level of protection as the one in which you reside. You explicitly consent and agree to such transfer, storing and/or processing of your information outside the country in which you reside. You understand that data stored in the United States may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the United States. Nevertheless, we will handle information from or about you in accordance with this policy regardless of where that information is stored.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
monet@avatarify.ai.