Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 03/31/2023
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, protect, and disclose your personal information in our app. By using the App, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the App.
Information Collection
We collect information about your mobile device and information about crashes and errors when the App encounters issues, as well as information about your behavior when using the App, to help us optimize the product and enhance the user experience. No personally identifiable information is collected during this process. Analytics are subject to the Privacy Policy of Google Firebase.
The information associated with your media, such as the location where you took them, the capture date or the media itself, is stored in your device and not transmitted to our servers. When you use the sharing options in our apps to share your media, you do so directly with the destination service - be it email, facebook, twitter or any other third-party service or app.
Information Use
We use the information we collect to optimize the performance and functionality of the App, providing a better user experience, diagnosing and resolving technical issues with the App, and performing statistical analysis to understand user engagement with various features of the App.
The information you send when you use the bug or crash reporting options is only used for the purposes of identifying and correcting the problem you reported. The information is not used in any other way, profiling or otherwise; and it is not used for advertising purposes. That includes your email address, which will only be used to communicate with you regarding the problem you reported and will not be used for any other purpose.
Information Sharing
We may share your information under the following circumstances:
As required by Law. We may disclose any of your information we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
To Prevent Harm or Loss: We may disclose your information when we believe, in our sole discretion, disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with suspected or actual illegal activity.
How We Store Your Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect your information that we collect about you against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. While we cannot guarantee that no accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use of your information will occur, we try to prevent such occurrences.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information processing practices or for any other purpose. We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.