Elevation Map-Mountain Weather Privacy policy
Latest update date:
June 28
2023
Part I:
Definition：
Elevation Map-Mountain Weather：
Elevation Map-Mountain Weather app
Elevation Map-Mountain Weather App Provider:
xueping wang
Personal information:
It refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify the identity of a particular natural person or reflect the activities of a particular natural person independently or in combination with other information.
Part II:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy section will help you understand the following:
1
、How do we collect and use your personal information?
2
、How do we protect your personal information
First:How do we collect and use your information?
We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes stated in this Policy:
(1)request for weather data and calculate altitude data for you
Access  your location service, pressure sensor and  get your location and pressure information, for you to request weather data, calculate pressure、ait temperature、 boiling point、oxygen and altitude, real-time display of pressure changes.
This information includes:
Device Information: We will receive and record the device-related information (such as device type, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier and other hardware and software features), location-related information (such as IP address, GPS location and WLAN access point that can provide relevant information) according to the specific permissions you grant in software installation and use. Sensor information such as alimeter senseor.
Log information: When you use the products or services provided by our website or client, we will automatically collect your detailed usage of our services and save them as relevant network logs. For example, your search query content, IP address, browser type, Telecom operator, language used, access date and time
Note that individual device information, GPS information, etc. are not identifiable for a particular natural person.
If we use this kind of non-personal information in combination with other information to identify a particular natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be regarded as personal information during the combined use period. In addition to obtaining your authorization or other provisions of laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information.
Second:How do we protect your personal information security
We have taken reasonable and practicable security measures to protect the personal information you provide and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, when you exchange data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the server, it is protected by SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. We also provide HTTPS (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer) protocol for secure browsing. Ways; we use encryption to improve the security of personal information; we use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our personal information from malicious attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information; Security and privacy protection training courses will be held to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
Part III：How to update this Privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change.
We will not limit your rights under this privacy policy without your express consent. We will post any changes to the terms of service on the dedicated page (https://www.astronomyobserver.net/h5/elevation/privacy/en).
We will also provide more noticeable notices for major changes.
Part IV：How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy ,You can contact us through our email (wangxuepingyl@163.com)