Privacy Policy
1) Who are we and how can the User contact us?
The public limited company Blue-mobility (hereinafter “Blue-mobility”), registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (KBO) under number 0832.369.965, having its registered office in 2018 Antwerp, Provinciestraat 53. Blue-mobility is responsible for the promotion, communication, invoicing, administration and operation of the bike-sharing system ‘Blue-bike’.
Questions concerning the protection of personal data can be asked via
the online contact form
or directly in an e-mail to
info@blue-bike.be
.
Blue-mobility ensures the privacy of its customers and always acts in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR 2016/679 of 27 April 2016).
2) What data is collected and why?
Blue-mobility processes personal data of its Main Account holders and Sub-account holders to which a Membership was linked for the following reasons:
Taking out memberships
Issuing Blue-bike cards
Issuing Blue-bike invoices
Issuing Blue-bike vouchers
Providing necessary information such as changes in the price
Answering queries from Master Account holders and Sub-account holders
Market research and market analysis
When registering Main Account holders and Sub-account holders, Blue-mobility collects various data, including the customary personal data (for the Main Account holder: name, address details, date of birth, telephone number or mobile phone number, bank account number, BIC, email address; for the Sub-account holder: name, email address). The provision of all this personal data is necessary to be able to use a Blue-bike. For business customers (cf. corporate membership), the company number is also requested.
The data is used to process requests and orders or to offer the necessary services or assistance. It can also be used for surveys and evaluations (if you subscribe to the newsletter) as well as for e-mails about work, defects or price changes. Blue-mobility can also file anonymously, without any restriction, the data about travel behaviour, times and places of travel. In that case, Blue-mobility ensures the anonymity of this data. The collected data is used for market research and market analysis.
Blue-mobility uses market analysis, for example, to pursue a target-group policy, to differentiate prices and to match supply to demand as much as possible. In addition, the analyses are also used to optimise accessibility. Personal data is not used on an individual level but is always anonymised before it is used for market research.
3) Location Data
Blue-mobility collects and processes location data from the User of a Blue-bike when the User rents a Blue-bike equipped with a smart lock. By renting a Blue-bike equipped with a smart lock, the User agrees to the collection and processing of the location data of the relevant ride.
The location data are collected through a track & trace function with which the smart lock is equipped and is linked to the profile of the Membership Holder in the Blue-bike app. The location data are only collected during the period that the User rents the Blue-bike.
The Membership Holder can consult the location data of the rides made in his Blue-bike app.
When e-bikes are used the bike’s location data is transmitted to the Blue-mobility systems at regular intervals, making it possible to determine the route the bike has covered.
Blue-mobility will not consult the location data of the rides save in exceptional cases such as when a bike is lost or stolen. The anonymised ride data may be shared with third parties such as a city or municipality for mobility policy developments.
4) Emails via contact form
The Blue-bike website includes a contact form, allowing you to send questions or remarks to a mailbox. When sending the message, the User of the contact form agrees that Blue-mobility will use the data provided (including name and e-mail address) to contact the User of the contact form exclusively for the information requested by the User on the contact form. These e-mails will be kept as long as, but not longer than, Blue-mobility considers necessary to guarantee a correct service.
5) Newsletters
Blue-mobility uses Mailchimp for newsletters. Newsletters are only sent with the explicit approval of the Master Account holder. The Master Account holder can adjust his newsletter preferences on a personal online account on
www.my.blue-bike.be
. Non-members can also subscribe to the newsletter through
www.blue-bike.be
and can unsubscribe at any time.
6) Who receives this data?
Blue-mobility may transfer certain personal data to third parties acting as subcontractors on behalf of Blue-mobility. In this case, they will only have access to the data necessary for the performance of their task.
Whenever the Membership holder uses a Blue-mobility Partner discount in cooperation with one or more partners, one of the conditions for enjoying the offer may be that the Membership holder agrees that Blue-mobility or the partner in question contacts them by e-mail; or that certain personal data such as bicycle usage is shared. When appropriate, the Membership holder agrees that Blue-mobility may, if necessary, disclose certain personal data to the partner concerned. If this is the case, this will always be explicitly mentioned when used during a promotion campaign.
7) The rights of the data subjects
Blue-mobility ensures the privacy of its customers and therefore always acts in accordance with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) hereinafter referred to as the “GDPR”.
By providing their personal data through the website, the User of the website expressly gives permission to Blue-mobility to process the data for the purposes mentioned when accepting the cookies. As a data subject, the User has the right to inspect, rectify or, if they have no current Membership or outstanding payments, to delete the personal data in accordance with the GDPR. The data subject can adjust, inspect or alter his/her data by contacting us via the contact form or via
info@blue-bike.be
, subject to proof of identity.
Personal data will also be passed on to competent authorities such as the Public Prosecution Service, examining magistrates and/or police authorities if this is necessary in connection with the detection, investigation or prosecution of crimes.
The data subject has the right to lodge a complaint concerning the processing of personal data with the
Data Protection Authority
, rue du Mail 35, 1000 Brussels.
8) How is the data secured?
The programmes in which the data and passwords are processed comply with the legal obligations. To prevent anyone from obtaining these collected personal data, firewalls are used on the website. The personal data provided through the website is stored and processed through an electronic system managed by Blue-mobility in a closed, secure environment which is not publicly accessible.