Gwimpy World take your privacy very seriously. Our applications are designed especially for children, with special attention to online privacy.
All our apps are 100% COPPA compliant (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act).
We follow the best practices for kids' apps as specified by the "Know what's inside" program.
100% COPPA compliant
No 3rd party ads
No collection of location data
No collection of kids' personal information
The term "personal information" refers to personally identifiable information through which a user can be identified as an individual. The term "non-personal information" refers to information that does not directly identify a user.
Please be aware that when you download and use our apps, or use our website, you are accepting the terms of this policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you believe we may have mistakenly collected such information, please contact us so we can resolve the issue. The only "personal information" that Gwimpy World collects is from the parents and that takes place when
(1) an adult contacts Gwimpy World directly via e-mail, or
(2) when an adult signs up to our mailing list.
(3) When you log into our progress analysis site
In the first (1) case Gwimpy World uses the personal information only to directly reply to the specific query and for no other purpose.
In the second (2) case where a user has signed up to Gwimpy World's  mailing list, personal information is used specifically to inform the user of new updates, new app releases, gifts, discounts, special offers and other relevant material.
In the third (3) case where you the parent signs into our database in order to track the progress of their children; only the name of the child and the numerical data of timings and completion rates are stored in a confidential and secure site, managed by Google Firebase. This information is for you only and cannot be accessed by other users.
The user has the ability to unsubscribe at any time. Signing up to our mailing list via our apps is strictly for parents and is only accessible through the parents section. The parents section is securely locked behind a parental gate. We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email, phone or any other type of data) with third-party companies or individuals.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Our apps may use tools or third-party analytical software* to collect non-personal information such as: app progress, session times, clicked objects and other non-personal information that may be used by Gwimpy World to improve our apps, our services and the overall game experience. This data is in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We do not share non-personal information with third-party companies or individuals.  We do not use location data. We only use push notifications to update the numerical data to display the progress of your children, this can only be viewed by you the parent.
Our web site
We collect non-personal information via this website only through Google Analytics*. This data is in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. All such information is collected via Google Analytics online service and is for statistic purposes only. We do not share non-personal information with third-party companies or individuals. Cookies and Other Technologies Our website does not use "cookies" or any other tracking technologies. No automatic gathering of personal information takes place in any way.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 via our website or our apps. If you believe we have mistakenly collected such information, please contact us so we can resolve the issue.
* 3rd-party analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our apps are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form i.e. in a form that does not permit the identification of individual persons. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please do get in touch with us by email: gwimpy dot com
This privacy policy was last updated on May 2024.