Privacy policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How and why do we collect this collect this information?
We collect this information from our newsletter and subscribers to keep you informed of news, events and anything that may be of interest to the reader.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalise your experience (
your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
)
To improve our website (
we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
)
To improve customer service (
your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we keep this information safe?
We endeavour to ensure that your data is stored securely and to prevent unauthorised access. We have measures in place to protect your information and this is monitored regularly.
How long is this information kept?
Information is kept for as long as long as you are an active subscriber.
Do we disclose, share or sell any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information if/when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information, such as site demographics, may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow), that enable the sites or service providers systems to recognise your browser, and capture and remember certain information.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data and we will be happy to update, verify or remove. This can be done by contacting our Data Protection Officer using the contact details below.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on May 15
th
, 2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Contact form
on houseandhome.ie.
Post:
Data Protection Officer
256 Media,
2nd Floor, The Mill
Greenmount Avenue, Harolds Cross
Dublin D12
Ireland
Email:
dpo@256media.ie
Share This Article