Set sail to France or Spain
Flexible ticket options to suit you
CHECK OUR TIMETABLE
Find our best fares
Return trip
One-way
Multi-routes
Routes
Passengers
BOOK NOW
Free flexible ticket upgrade. Offer ends 3 March. Hurry!
Ready to discover an uncommon holiday?
Explore utterly unique trips to France and Spain
5-Day short break to France from £186
City, coast or country? Five days in France gives you plenty to discover
Hello Guernsey!
Discover our new sailings and holiday packages to Guernsey
New hybrid ships sailing spring 2025
Leading the way with cleaner crossings to France
Great deals for you
Discover our latest travel offers and getaway deals
POPULAR
Day trips to France from £26
With a great choice of destinations such as Caen, Le Havre, St Malo and Cherbourg, why not enjoy a day in France? It’s so easy, and great value too!
SHORT BREAK
3 nights for 2 at French hotels from £167
There's nothing like a short break to recharge your batteries, so why not escape to France this winter?
CRUISE
Plymouth to Spain mini-cruise from £129
Experience two days and nights of relaxation on board our flagship, Pont-Aven, and enjoy top-class facilities as you cruise to Spain
SHORT BREAK
3-Day getaway from £136 return
Short on time but need a break? Unwind on a quick getaway to France. Sail to Brittany or Normandy from £136 return for a car + 2 people!
BESTSELLERS
Best-selling hotel breaks in Spain from £251
We've selected some of our guests' favourite hotels, in the most popular locations to offer you a short stay break with return sailings included!
EXPLORE BY FOOT
Cruise & Stay hotel breaks from £79
Step aboard and discover one of our delightful ports - without your car. Prices include sailings plus B&B accommodation at a choice of hotels
Make the most of your trip
T
ravel extras, inspiring destinations and more to enhance your journey
EXTRAS
Save with our pre-paid Food Pass
Choose a Small, Medium, or Large Food Pass, and you’ll receive extra spend, for free, when you dine in our café, self-service or restaurants
LOYALTY CLUB
Save up to 35% on sailings
Designed with regular travellers in mind, Club Voyage offers savings on all our routes and services between the UK, France and Spain
ONBOARD EXPERIENCE
Duty free shopping
Save up to 40% versus the UK high street prices in our boutiques. Browse a great range of famous brands of perfumes, cosmetics, wines and more
PARTNERSHIP
Explore Normandy
Riveting history, spectacular destinations, and a heavenly cuisine for cheese and cider lovers are all waiting for you in Normandy
ONBOARD EXPERIENCE
Wellness rooms & Spa
Indulge yourself with our bespoke ‘Zen and Beauty’ services created with your well-being at sea in mind
PLANNING
Latest travel information
We know travelling can be stressful and it can seem like there's a lot to prepare. Here are the basics of what you should know to travel to the EU
WANT TO EXPLORE FURTHER?
Join our mailing list to receive
travel inspiration
, our
latest news
&
offers
First name
Surname
Email address
SUBMIT
By signing up, you accept to receive news, travel ideas, special offers, communications following an abandoned basket from Brittany Ferries and information about our partnerships. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the link at the bottom of each of our commercial emails. For more information, please read our
privacy policy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.brittany-ferries.co.uk/information/terms/privacy-policy:
INFORMATION
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO PROCESSES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COVERED?
WHO RECEIVES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
WHAT RIGHTS CAN YOU EXERCISE REGARDING YOUR DATA?
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
WHAT RULES APPLY TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA WHEN YOU CLICK ON LINKS PLACED ON OUR WEBSITE, REDIRECTING YOU TO EXTERNAL SITES?
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT DETAILS
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
WHO PROCESSES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
BAI SA
, whose trading name is Brittany Ferries, is the “controller” of the data of a personal nature or personal data concerning you, collected and processed via this website, our mobile applications, on board our ships, at ports and in our call centres, in order to offer you, our services.
The registered office of BAI SA is located at the following address:
Port du Bloscon CS 60072 29688 ROSCOFF cedex
B.A.I.
Bretagne-Angleterre-Irlande
- Limited company with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board with share capital of €26,117,328. Brest Trade and Companies Register 927 250 217 - SIRET 927 250 217 00027 - APE code 5010Z - VAT FR86 927 250 217 - Register of Travel and Accommodation Operators IMO29100011
The terms “Brittany Ferries”, “we” or “our” that we use in connection with this Privacy Policy refer to BAI SA and its subsidiaries. In accordance with the applicable personal data protection regulations, BAI SA is the “data controller”.
BAI SA and its subsidiaries undertake to respect and protect your privacy. To do this, we ensure that the collection and processing of your data complies with the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union and with national legislation.
This Privacy Policy applies to the collection and processing of your data and to your relationship with Brittany Ferries. It is essential to us that you can have confidence in Brittany Ferries.
Details on how to contact the data controller are given at the end of this document.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COVERED?
If you are a ferry customer, an accommodation customer, a potential customer, a passenger or a visitor to our website, during our contracts we collect and process personal data about you and anyone who accompanies you.
When managing your booking
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Management of the transport contract with the customer and Management of the accommodation contract
Contract  Legal obligation for accounting/tax receipts
Identity/contact details of the main customer and accompanying passengers, connection, personal details, payment information connected to the booking, vehicle registration
Payment management
Contract
Identity/contact details, connection, payment information
Contact management – call transcription, call recording and mail storage
Legitimate interest
Identity, contact details, voice, information sent, email address
Management of fitness to travel procedures
Contract
Identity, contact details, medical certificate of fitness for travel,
Management of on-board service bookings: pre-order in shops, booking tables
Consent
Identity, contact details, service request, booking reference
Management of customer complaints
Contract
Identity/contact details, personal details, financial, booking data
Exclusion list for passengers who have not complied with the general terms and conditions of transport and sales
Contract
Identity, date of birth, exclusion period, exclusion circumstances
Advance Passenger Information
Legal obligation for travel from or to the UK
Identity, official ID number, date of birth, nationality
Provision of passenger lists to port and national authorities
Legal obligation
Identity, date of birth, nationality, gender
Managing your data requests
Legitimate interest
Identity, details of the request, in some cases identity document requested
Participation in marketing-related activities
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Newsletter subscription
Consent
Email address, identity
Loyalty programme management
Consent
Email address, identity, programme activity
Management of satisfaction surveys, customer knowledge
Legitimate interest or consent depending on the type of survey
Identity, personal details, opinions, data related to the booking or services received
Commercial statistics
Legitimate interest
Identity/contact details, personal details, financial, booking data, customer segmentation according to profile types
Commercial prospecting for customers
Legitimate interest
Identity/contact details
Commercial prospecting for prospects
Consent
Identity/contact details
Commercial prospecting of partners by email to prospects
Consent
Identity/contact details
Website/mobility
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Web account management
Consent
Identity/contact details, login, marketing preferences, booking history
Request/contact/chat form
Consent
Identity/contact details, request details
Web trackers for securing sites and those necessary for the operation of sites
Legitimate interest
Connection/browsing
Web tracers for statistical monitoring and targeted advertising
Consent
Identity, login/browsing, personal details
Geolocation
Consent via browser
One-off location
Social media web trackers
Consent
Identity, login/browsing, personal details
Managing shopping cart abandonment
Consent
Identity/contact details, login/browsing, marketing preferences
During your trip
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Embarkation check, identity check  Provision of passenger lists to port and national authorities
Legal obligation
Identity, official ID number, date of birth, nationality
Protection of property and people – CCTV on board ferries in public spaces
Legitimate interest
Image of the person, date and time
Management of events requiring medical treatment on board
Safeguarding the person’s vital interests  Legal obligation to keep an on-board sick bay register
Identity, contact details, state of health, treatment, circumstances of incident
Automatic recognition of the vehicle's registration number (ANPR cameras) during boarding checks, in order to complete the booking information
Legitimate interest
Vehicle registration number of the customer
The information collected for persons under the age of 18 is limited to their name, nationality, date of birth and official ID, and can only be provided to us by an adult. If a 16- to 18-year-old is travelling independently, we will need to gather more information to put the travel contract in his or her name.
We may need to collect information about your health if you are a vulnerable customer, or if you have restricted mobility, to meet your needs, to provide you with an appropriate service, or if you need medical care during your journey.
With regard to your credit/debit cards, we do not store the cardholder's data, in accordance with the regulations in force.
WHO RECEIVES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We share your personal data with internal and external recipients, subject to the following conditions:
a. In order to provide the best service, we may share your personal data and give access to authorised personnel of Brittany Ferries, including:
Ferry crew
The teams in charge of bookings and following-up on bookings, as well as the port teams using the Brittany Ferries reservation tools
IT services
Sales and marketing services
Medical services, if applicable
Legal services, if applicable
As a general rule, any competent person within Brittany Ferries authorised according to their duties to have access to certain specific categories of personal data.
b. Regarding service providers and partners – your personal data may be transmitted to third parties:
External service providers: Brittany Ferries uses service providers to operate its websites and applications and to provide you with the services and products offered, and in particular:
IT subcontractors
for payment: bank, insurance, third party certifying payment,
for marketing services: marketing monitoring, sending newsletters, printers.
The Port Rosslare team is therefore an external service provider.
Business partners for your hosted stay, if you have booked this type of product. We share your personal information with providers whose business is related to accommodation such as hotels, owners and managers of holiday rental properties and, where applicable, activity providers. Please note that the accommodation providers may contact you for additional information if necessary to facilitate your booking or to provide related services.
Verified review provider: We use a verified review provider to allow customers to review their purchase. Trustpilot is a verified review portal. After a booking or trip, a sample of customers will be invited to leave a review. You do not have to leave a review. More information on how your data is managed by Trustpilot can be found at
https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/for-reviewers/end-user-privacy-terms
c. We may also be required to send your information to the authorities if required by law or as part of an investigation and in accordance with applicable regulations.
Depending on the country, to protect your health, public health workers could ask us for your contact information whenever they suspect a communicable disease on board the ferry you travelled on. Your information will help public health workers contact you if you have been exposed to a communicable disease. Your information is intended to be stored in accordance with applicable laws and used only for public health purposes. Depending on the country, we are also asked to provide passenger lists before departure and at the time of departure to port, local or national authorities.
d. Transfers of your data to a third country.
In order to provide you with our services, we share your data with BAI SA subsidiaries located in the European Union (France, Spain and the Republic of Ireland), as well as in the United Kingdom.  The latter is recognised by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of personal data protection. Transfers of personal data from the EU to this third country may be carried out without specific supervision. This decision will be reassessed with a renewal of the decision in 2024.
We may use service providers located outside the European Union (in particular in the United States). In this case, we put in place appropriate protective measures to protect your personal data, in accordance with data protection regulations, in particular by signing the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
Brittany Ferries takes appropriate technical and organisational measures, in accordance with applicable legal provisions, to protect your personal data against unlawful or accidental destruction, accidental alteration or loss, unauthorised access or disclosure.
Some specific examples of security measures implemented include, but are not limited to:
automated cyberattack protection systems are active,
the level of security of websites is audited by companies that are experts in the subject,
cyber security experts can get involved to deal with security incidents,
the HTTPS protocol is used on all our websites,
when submitting credit/debit card data during a booking, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology is used to ensure a secure transaction.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We only retain your personal data for the period necessary for the purposes set out in this policy and which we believe customers would consider reasonable, or in accordance with applicable law.
Main purposes of processing
Data retention periods
Managing your transport contract
Accounting obligation to keep invoices for 10 years / 7 years depending on the country. Retention in customer database 6 years after end of commercial relationship, then anonymisation
Recording of telephone calls
Three months to one year under local law if the call was recorded
Contacts at the call centre: calls, email, chat
Two years from the date of contact
Prospecting and marketing activities for prospects
Three years from the end of your business relationship with us.
The exclusion list for passengers who have not complied with the general conditions of transport and sales
Maximum five years from the registration date depending on the nature of the event
CCTV on board in public areas
From a few days, up to one month.
Cookies
13 months maximum from their deposit on your computer or terminal; some are only valid for the time of your visit to the sites.
The sick bay register
30 years from the date of the event
Analysis of browsing data on our website and mobile applications
See the cookie policy
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
Cookies can be installed on your computer or mobile device based on preferences you have expressed or can express at any time. Please read our
cookie policy
for more information.
WHAT RIGHTS CAN YOU EXERCISE REGARDING YOUR DATA?
Within the limits and conditions authorised by the regulations in force, you may:
access your personal data processed and obtain further information on the characteristics of the processing we carry out,
have your personal data corrected, updated and erased, it being specified that the erasure can only be carried out when (i) the data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were processed, (ii) you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal basis for the processing, (iii) you object to the processing of your personal data and there is no compelling legitimate reason for the processing (iv) it has been demonstrated that your personal data has been processed in an unlawful manner,
object to the processing of your personal data based on a legitimate interest,
object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes,
receive the personal data you have provided to us or ask us to transmit this to a third party when the processing of your personal data (i) has been carried out by automated means and (ii) is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract binding us,
request the restriction of processing of your personal data
withdraw your consent to processing based on your consent,
give instructions regarding the retention, erasure and communication of your personal data after your death,
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
For reasons of confidentiality and protection of personal data, you must prove your identity when exercising your rights by clearly indicating your surname, first names, booking reference and any useful information enabling us to identify you (such as the email address corresponding to your online account).
In some cases, if in doubt, we may ask you to also provide us with a copy of an official identity document, such as a valid identity card or passport, as you prefer.
You must also provide us with the email address or postal address to which you wish to receive the response.
You can write to us at the address below that applies to you or by sending an email.
Country of residence
Address
Email
France
Brittany Ferries Service Satisfaction Clients - Port du Bloscon - B.P. 72 - 29688 Roscoff cedex, France
data.request@brittany-ferries.fr
Spain
Brittany Ferries al Departamento de Administración, Estación Marítima 39002 Santander, Spain
data.request@brittany-ferries.es
Other
Brittany Ferries Customer Services, Millbay, Plymouth, PL1 3EW, UK
data.request@brittany-ferries.com
WHAT RULES APPLY TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA WHEN YOU CLICK ON LINKS PLACED ON OUR WEBSITE, REDIRECTING YOU TO EXTERNAL SITES?
On our sites, you will find various links to the websites of our partners (accommodation, social networks, etc.).
We would like to draw your attention to the fact that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of your personal data carried out by our partners or other third parties, which may occur when you visit their websites, and that we are not responsible for such data processing. If you would like information on how these partners and third parties process your personal data, we invite you to consult their privacy policy and contact them.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
contact_dpo@brittany-ferries.com.
If you feel, after contacting us, that your rights are not being respected, you can send a complaint online or by post to the supervisory authority.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. We therefore recommend that you check it regularly, especially when booking.
Version dated 16 September 2024
Ferries
Holidays & Offers
Travel Guides
Help & Info
Book a ferry
Search a holiday
Routes & Ports
Ferries to France
Ferries to Spain
Rail & Sail by train and ferry
Our Ferries
Cruise ferries
Other services
Onboard experience
Accommodation
Dining & bars
Shopping
Spa treatment rooms
Onboard Wifi
View all onboard experience
Planning your journey
Timetables
Ports
Destinations
Holidays in France
Holidays in Spain
Holidays in Portugal
Holidays in San Sebastián
Highlighted Holidays
Family holidays
Winter Sun holidays
Experiences
Itineraries
Collections
Dog & pet-friendly holidays
Disabled access holidays
Car & motorcycle holidays
Golfing holidays
View all collections
Self-Catering holidays
Cottages, gites & casas
French cottages and villas with pool
Chalet campsites in France
Apartments in France
Hotels, Breaks & Tours
Hotels in France
Hotels in Spain
Hotels in Portugal
Offers
Day trips & ferry offers
Self-catering holiday offers
Hotel break offers in France
Hotel break offers in Spain
View all offers
Top Regions
Brittany
Normandy
Atlantic Loire Valley
Cantabria
Basque Country
City Guides
Caen
Nantes
Rennes
Santander
Tours
San Sebastián
Inspiration
Events & Festivals
D-Day guides
24 hours at our ports
Travel blog
Useful Links
Sailing updates
Travel information
Disabled passengers
Travelling with Pets
Driving advice
Brittany Ferries & the environment
Group travel
Travel Extras
Travel insurance
Club Voyage
More Info
FAQs
Contact us
CEO message
LANGUAGES:
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Let’s talk about cookies
While we’re partial to a macaron, our website needs cookies.
Cookies are necessary for our website to work. Some of these help us analyse site use and assist our marketing efforts.
By accepting cookies, you’ll get the best experience of our website. Go to cookie settings to choose or view our
cookie policy
.
Yes, I accept!
Reject Additional Cookies
Manage cookie settings
Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device in your web browser. They store and retrieve information, which does not usually identify you directly, and are mostly used to make a site work as you expect it to. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies but, if you disable some cookies, parts of our website may not work properly!
By accepting all cookies, you’ll get the best experience on our website. If you want to choose which cookies we use on your device, you can edit the settings below. More information can be found in our
cookie policy
.
Accept all and close
Manage your choices
Always active
These cookies are necessary for our website to function and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you such as requests for services, setting privacy preferences and logging in or filling in forms. They do not store any personally identifiable information. You can block or set up alerts for these cookies in your browser but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
These cookies are used to measure and analyse our website audience. They allow us to get statistics such as counting the number of visitors to the site and how many pages they visit, or which traffic sources they come from. This information helps us to improve our website and its performance. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Cookies Details‎
Functional
These cookies enable our website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. It is recommended that you allow these cookies otherwise some services on our website may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. By identifying your browser and internet device as well as your use of the content, these partners may build a profile of your interests to display targeted advertising, relevant to you, on other sites you visit. The collection of information is used to measure, understand, and report on your usage of these advertising services. They do not store or sell your personal information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label