Games Privacy Policy
Introduction and General Terms
These terms apply to the use of games and other products and services developed and/or published by Invincibles Studio Ltd. (“Invincibles Studio” / “we” / “us”) and as further detailed below. Our registered office is 4th Floor 33 Park Place, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, LS1 2RY. We are a company registered in England and Wales, with company number 05271374.
This privacy and data policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies and has effect in respect of all of our games, related online services (including online network play connectivity and interactivity) and other software and products made available by us (including without limitation Soccer Manager 2024 and previous versions, Champions Elite Football 2024, Soccer Manager Worlds and F2 Target Tekkers) (together the “Games”), as well as any other online features relating to the Games, our websites (including, without limitation, https://www.invinciblesstudio.com, https://www.soccermanager.com) (together, the “Websites”) and our online communities/forums (“Communities”) (including, without limitation, https://discord.com/invite/nQavHNg83R), except where an alternative policy is made available by us (such as for certain of our Games, Websites or Communities).
Together, the Games, Websites and Communities are referred to herein as the “Online Services”.
Except where it may otherwise be expressly set out in the terms of use for our relevant Online Service, our Online Service is not marketed to users under the age of 13 and those aged under-13 should not use our Online Services.
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from, or market to, those under the age of 13.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
contactus@invinciblesstudio.com
.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal data we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf. Where we decide the purpose and means for which personal data you supply through these Online Services is processed, we are the ‘controller’ for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What information we may collect about you;
How we will use information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal data we hold about you.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our terms of use as may be applicable in respect of the relevant Online Service. Where terms of use are applicable, they will be made available via the relevant Online Service.
The Online Services may contain hyperlinks to services owned and operated by third parties. These third party services may have their own privacy policies and we recommend that you review them. They will govern the use of personal data that you submit or which is collected by cookies and other tracking technologies whilst using these services. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party services and your use of these is at your own risk.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in the future, which will be made available here. You should check here from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate, we may notify you of changes by email or through the Online Service.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect and process the following personal data from you when you use our Online Services (together, the “Submitted Information”):
Information provided by you when using a Game or Community (“Game Information”)
Your mobile device’s unique device ID (e.g. for our mobile Games);
Your age bracket (e.g. above or below 18);
Your Facebook User ID;
Your user/account avatar;
Your user/account profile picture;
Your user/account username;
Your name;
IP address;
MAC address;
System, browser and device settings and information (including make, model and operating system of your device, device properties such as orientation, mobile network operator, Games played, country and locale settings, network connection speed and type and browser type).
Advertiser and platform (e.g. Apple or Google) IDs, which are unique to you but which do not reveal your name.
Your email address;
Your user/account ID; and
‘Events’ related to your gameplay in our Games, such as your achievement of a milestone, the occurrence of other particular events during your gameplay (such as completing a tutorial, game level, making a purchase or viewing an advertisement).
Information provided by you when using the Communities or that may be provided by you when you contact us for support (“Contact Information”)
Your name;
Your Steam ID / Steam profile identifier / display name or your username/identifier on another platform or account;
Your email address;
User-generated content and score information hosted and displayed in our Online Services (“User Content”)
When using our Online Services, you may decide to post information that may or may not contain personal data, in accordance with the rules of the relevant Online Service (such as the relevant forum rules applicable to our Communities). Similarly, when using some of our Games or other Online Services (where this functionality is provided by us) you may decide to post certain content such as leaderboard information and messages to other users, in accordance with the terms of use applicable for the relevant Online Service.
In some Online Services, the provision of User Content (e.g. leaderboard / ‘scoring’ information between users and/or in a public manner within the Online Service or similar) (“Leaderboards”) is a significant or essential part of the functionality and/or gameplay or user experience and may be posted automatically. We may, but we are not required to, provide you with a means to still play / use the Online Service without taking part in this functionality (e.g. without having your information on the leaderboard) within the Online Service. You can also contact us to enquire further about User Content at contactus@invinciblesstudio.com. Please be aware that it may not be possible for us to turn off this type of User Content functionality for you within the Online Service without affecting your user experience.
We cannot control the wider dissemination via the public internet of personal data that you may choose to post, or make available, in User Content.
Information about your activities and cookies (“Analytics”)
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
To provide the Online Services to you
We will use information about you (including the Game Information, User Content, Contact Information and Third Party Account Information) to deliver our Online Services to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary, for example, for us to record your progress and current status within an Online Service such as a Game, and to ensure the Online Services deliver the features promised and function properly.
Where we process your personal data for Leaderboards, or other User Content, in our Online Services, we also rely upon our legitimate interests as a legal basis for undertaking that processing, being our commercial interests in providing an enhanced experience in our Online Services (though, depending on the nature of our particular Online Service, the Leaderboard or User Content may be a part of the core functionality of the Online Service).
To enable purchases
If you make purchases through the Online Services, your order and Game Information and Contact Information may be processed so that you can access these features within the Online Service.
For the above purposes, we rely upon the legal basis of performance of a contract (being performance of the terms of use agreed between us).
Moderation and preventing spam
Certain Game Information and User Content which you supply through our Online Service may be shared with other users of the Online Service. In some cases you may be able to select specific recipients (for example, if you are sending a forum post, or a private message, to a particular forum or individual) and then only those recipients will receive it, however in all other cases, your information may be made publicly available.
We may make your Game Information and User Content available to forum moderators. Moderators are crucial to the Communities and help make them the place that they are. Moderators are directed to only act in accordance with our instructions and to adhere to the moderator rules. We may moderate content, but we are not required to do so. Please see our relevant terms of use with you for the relevant Online Service for more information about content moderation.
Spam is a problem for many forums and websites. In order to minimise this we may use IPS Spam Defense Service to check that any new registration is not spam. In order to do this certain information may be provided to IPS Spam Defense Service for the sole purpose of checking that it is not spam. You can find out more about how the IPS Spam Defense Service uses this information on their website available here: https://invisioncommunity.com/legal/privacy.
For the above purposes, we rely upon the legal basis of performance of a contract (being our terms of use with you for the relevant Online Service) and our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests to moderate the services and to prevent spam.
To respond to your enquiries and requests for support
We may process Submitted Information so that we are able to properly respond to your enquiries and support requests, in accordance with the terms of use agreed between us.
As part of this we may also share this Submitted Information with the developers of the Games that we publish and with our vendors who may assist us with managing support queries.
For the above purposes, we rely upon the legal basis of performance of a contract (being our terms of use with you for the relevant Online Service) and our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests to respond to your queries and requests for support.
For advertising purposes
We may process your Submitted Information so that we can serve untargeted advertisements to you in the relevant Online Service. For this purpose, your personal data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests for advertisement-supported services.
For some of our Online Services, we may process Submitted Information to show you more relevant advertisements (on our Online Services or on third party services), based on your perceived preferences, for our products and services or for other third party products and services. Where we process your Submitted Information for this type of advertising, we rely upon your consent for our data processing. You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time by letting us know by email to: contactus@invinciblesstudio.com
For the purposes of serving you with more relevant advertising in our Online Services and on other third party services and platforms, we work with advertising networks including the following:
Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation)
Unity (https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy)
Google (https://policies.google.com/privacy)
If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
We will not process your information for the purposes of targeted marketing or pass your information on to third parties for the purposes of such marketing unless you give your consent or you have given it already. After you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time.
For some of our Online Services, Analytics information may be shared with advertisers on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also publicise anonymous, aggregate statistics through our websites or other channels although this will not include your personal data (this might be, for example, aggregated visitor numbers).
Please note that we use third party providers of adverts and the advert content is provided by these third parties and not Invincibles Studio. Invincibles Studio does not control and is not responsible for third party advert content. If you have concerns about specific advert content, you can contact us at: contactus@invinciblesstudio.com
To understand which publisher of our advertisements referred you to us
We process personal data, including without limitation the Game Information and Analytics, so that we can understand which publisher of our advertisements referred you to us and, for example, to which advertisement and/or advertising or marketing campaign that referral related. This information is helpful for our purposes of understanding which marketing and advertisement activity is successful. We process this personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests in promoting and improving our Games and their commercial success (including by improving our advertising and marketing).
To acquire new users and engage current users
We use various forms of marketing to acquire new users. The information we collect about you may be used to improve the relevancy of our marketing, including the creation of ‘lookalike’ audiences. This allows us to offer more relevant marketing to potential new service users without using information that personally identifies you.
We may also process this information to pursue our legitimate interests of acquiring new users for our Games.
Your Steam ID / Steam profile identifier / display name or your username/identifier on another platform or account;
To prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
We may process your Submitted Information for our legitimate interests of ensuring that your use of our Online Services is lawful and in compliance with our agreement (being the terms of use agreed between us), to prevent disruption to our Online Service, to enforce our rights, to protect any individual or otherwise to ensure our compliance with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws or our terms of use, we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your law enforcement agencies about the content.
We reserve the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted by you constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. You may not copy, download, or embed any User Content without the express written permission of the content owner. You may not use any User Content for any commercial purposes, or any public performances.
We work with Apple and Google to assist us with fraud prevention and the detection of any illegal activity (e.g. to verify in-app purchases made through iTunes and Google Play).
To help us to improve the Online Services and help us fix any problems
We may process information about you (being the Submitted Information or any part thereof) so that we can analyse and improve our Online Services and also for us to develop new Online Services or new parts thereof.
This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests of: (i) ensuring that our Online Services function properly so that you and other users have the best experience when, for example, playing the Games and using the other Online Services; (ii) improving the quality of our Online Services, and providing a better experience to our users; and (iii) identifying and correcting any bugs or problems with the Online Services.
To help us to understand your usage of the Online Services
We may process information (being the Submitted Information or any part thereof) to understand how users use our Online Services, and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity, as well as understanding how users progress within a particular Online Service such as a Game. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests in continually improving the Online Services, understanding and fixing problems (such as when users may frequently be ‘stuck’ in a particular Game level) and to improve our future products and services.
To keep you up to date
Where you have consented, or where it is otherwise lawful for us to do so, we use your Submitted Information to send you emails in order to keep you informed about our news and products. You can withdraw your consent at any time by letting us know by email to: contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
Push notifications about our Game and similar notifications
Where you have consented or where it is otherwise lawful to do so, we may use your Submitted Information to send you ‘push notifications’ or in-service notifications (for example, on your device and in relation to the Game). The third party platform (i.e. your device provider such as Apple) is responsible for obtaining your consent to activities such as push notifications.
We may collect technical information about your use of our Online Services through the use of tracking technologies and analytics.
Your IP address and MAC address;
User ID;
Device country;
Advertisements viewed and clicked;
Time, date and install source of your first download (e.g. from a clicked advertisement);
Purchase transaction types and spend made in an Online Service;
Session start, duration and end timings;
Identifying information about crashes and defects;
Device information (e.g. device identifier and browser);
Game results, progress and timings; and
Page usage (e.g. buttons clicked, screens viewed).
This also includes the use of ‘cookies’ and similar technologies such as SDKs and APIs in our mobile games.
Cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cookies and similar technologies are widely used in order to make websites and mobile apps work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners/operators. Invincibles Studio uses cookies and similar technologies to help Invincibles Studio identify and track visitors / players, their usage of Online Services and their access preferences. We also use some cookies and SDKs for advertising purposes as further detailed in this policy.
Third party vendors and partners are used by Invincibles Studio when conducting our Analytics and for our other data processing activities set out in this policy, including in relation to our advertising purposes. The following cookies and similar technologies are used on the Online Services (but differ between each Online Service) and you can find out more information about their processing activities through the links provided:
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google Analytics is a service offered by Google that generates detailed statistics about a website’s traffic and traffic sources and measures conversions and sales.
LINKS:
https://www.google.com/analytics
https://policies.google.com/privacy
GOOGLE ADMOB
We may use a Google AdMob SDK to enable us to serve advertising to you. Google’s use of the SDK enables Google to serve you with more relevant advertising based on your experiences on our services and others.
LINKS:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en&oco=0
UNITY ADS SDK
This SDK enables advertising to be served to you within certain of our Games. Unity’s use of the SDK may enable Unity to serve more relevant advertising to you.
LINKS:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
IRONSOURCE ADS
This SDK enables advertising to be served to you within certain of our Games. IronSource’s use of the SDK may enable IronSource to serve more relevant advertising to you.
LINKS:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
TAPJOY ADS
This SDK enables advertising to be served to you within certain of our Games. Tapjoys’s use of the SDK may enable Tapjoy to serve more relevant advertising to you.
LINKS:
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
VUNGLE ADS
This SDK enables advertising to be served to you within certain of our Games. Vungle’s use of the SDK may enable Vungle to serve more relevant advertising to you.
LINKS:
Privacy
META ADS
We may use Meta Ads SDKs and cookies to allow us to: (i) serve more relevant advertising to you; (ii) understand how users are using and interacting with our Online Services; and (iii) to enable you to log into or connect the Online Service with your Meta user account.
LINKS:
https://www.facebook.com/help/238318146535333?helpref=hc_global_nav
https://www.facebook.com/help/193677450678703?helpref=uf_permalink
GOOGLE PLAY SERVICES API
We may use this API to enable you to log into / connect your profile in our Online Service with your Google account.
LINKS:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
FIREBASE SDK
We may use this SDK to help us understand how you use our Online Service so that we can develop and improve our Online Services.
LINKS:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
One Signal
We may use this to deliver bespoke push notifications.
LINKS:
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
Singular SDK
We may use this SDK to help us understand how you use our Online Service so that we can develop and improve our Online Services.
LINKS:
Privacy Policy
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. To opt out of being tracked by Google / Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
To opt out of being tracked by advertising providers you can access a general opt out at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Information about you collected from third parties (“Third Party Account Information”)
If you choose to access or log into our Online Services via a third party social media platform such as (without limitation) Facebook, we may collect and store personal data and other information made available by that third party platform, such as your profile username, profile picture, user ID and public information about your friends, provided that you have expressly agreed to the use of such information within the relevant Online Service.
We may also collect technical information in order to ensure that our Online Service connects correctly with your social media user account. This information may be obtained via a Facebook cookie or other similar device in our Online Service. The third party platform is responsible for obtaining your consent before sharing such data with us.
DATA SHARING
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
Group members, personnel, suppliers or subcontractors:
We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006), our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to safeguard it.
Merger or acquisition:
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Required by law:
We may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement:
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties (e.g. mobile network operators, gaming platform operators, game console manufacturers or networks) in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Invincibles Studio, our customers or others.
Digital Content Stores:
Where our Game is downloaded through a third party store service such as (without limitation) Steam, Google Play or Apple’s App Store, we may disclose your personal data to the relevant store/platform for the purposes of facilitating any in-Game payments made through these platforms.
Objectionable Content:
If you send us or upload objectionable content, or behave in a disruptive manner when using our Online Services, we may process any personal information that you have submitted to us, to respond to and stop such behaviour. Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of the law (for example, where the content you share amounts to harassment or is defamatory), we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties about the content, such as your email or internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We may use automated decision-making methods which do not involve human involvement to process your information, and shall do so only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will obtain your consent to collect your information to be used for marketing purposes that require consent. If you prefer that we do not use your data in this way, let us know by writing to contactus@invinciblesstudio.com or on the relevant forms or check-boxes that we may use to collect your data.
CONSUMER CONTROL AND OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not wish to be part of a lookalike campaign, or receive notifications from us or be served with targeted advertisements you can opt-out by changing your advertising and notification settings on your device directly. If you are using an iOS device, you can opt out of personalised adverts by visiting https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202074. For Android devices, you can visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922 for information about opting out of personalised adverts.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you, as set out in the table below. We aim to comply with requests without undue delay and within one month at the latest. To make a request, please let us know via: contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
Ask for a copy of personal data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected or request erasure
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
You can download a copy of your Game account information by following the instructions in your account settings (where this functionality is made available). Where this functionality is not available you can request a copy by emailing contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
We will use reasonable efforts, to the extent required by law, to comply with requests to supply, correct or delete personal data held about you on our files (and request that any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to do the same).
Object to us processing personal data about you
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing or delete your personal data if:
You consented to our processing the personal data and have withdrawn that consent;
We no longer need to process that personal data for the reason it was collected;
We are processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or it is in order to pursue a legitimate interest of Invincibles Studio or a third party, you don’t agree with that processing and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it;
The personal data was unlawfully processed;
You need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with legal obligations; and/or
The personal data is processed in relation to the offer of a service to a child.
You may be able to delete your accounts by following the instructions in your account settings, where applicable depending on the relevant Online Service. You can also request account deletion by sending an email to contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
Ask for a machine-readable copy of your personal data which you can use with another service provider
Obtain a machine-readable copy of your personal data, which you can use with another service provider
If (i) we are processing data in order to perform our obligations to you or because you consented and (ii) that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, we will supply you with the relevant personal data in CSV format. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
If you wish to contact us about this please send an email to contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us via the support services.
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority. Contact information for the Information Commissioner’s Office, the UK’s independent authority setup to uphold information rights, is available here: https://ico.org.uk.
DATA RETENTION
In accordance with data protection laws and good commercial practice, we do not retain data in a form that permits identification of the person(s) to whom it relates for any longer than is necessary.
CHILDREN
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from, or market to, children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 13 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age, please contact us at contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
SECURITY
We will take commercially reasonable, appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk that could be encountered via the use of our Online Services, taking into account the likelihood and severity those risks might pose to your rights and freedoms.
In particular, we will take precautions to protect against the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, and unauthorised disclosure of or access to the personal information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed by us.
Please be aware that, while we make the security of our Online Services and your personal information a high priority, no security system can prevent all security breaches.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through our Online Services; the sharing of your personal information with us and any transmission is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff that operate outside the EEA and work for us or our suppliers. These staff may be engaged in the fulfillment of your orders, the processing of your payment details, the maintenance of the Online Service, and the provision of support services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where your personal data is transferred outside of the EEA to a territory not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission, we have agreements in place with the relevant parties which include either (i) standard data protection clauses adopted by the relevant data protection regulator and approved by the European Commission or (ii) standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission, to ensure that appropriate safeguards are used to protect your personal data. Alternatively, we may put in place other appropriate safeguards. If you require more information about these safeguards, you can contact us at contactus@invinciblesstudio.com.
CONTACT INFORMATION
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to Invincibles Studio at
contactus@invinciblesstudio.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
[Live Webinar] Crushing iOS Growth in 2025
[Live Webinar] Crushing iOS Growth in 2025
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how information is collected and used by Singular Labs, Inc. (“Singular” or “we”, “us”, “our”) and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following:
1. The data practices on the Singular website at https://www.singular.net (“Website”).
2. The data practices relating to the unified marketing data, intelligent insights, and automation services (our “Platform”) that Singular provides its partners and customers (“Businesses”). The Platform offer a Businesses the ability to administer, measure and monitor their mobile advertising activities. Singular’s technology includes a plug-in that Business’s incorporate into their online services (which may be a website or mobile app). With the plug-in, Singular collects and process certain end-user personal data on the Business’s behalf.
3. Our relationship with representatives of our existing and prospective Businesses using our Platform.
We are committed to protecting and respecting data privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Personal Data Processed
We process the information you provide us when you submit an inquiry on our Website.
When you visit our Website, you can submit an inquiry through our online contact forms or through our chat-bot. You can also request a free trial of our Platform. When you contact us, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, work email address, phone number, company name and the subject of your inquiry. We refer to this entire data as “
Inquiry Information
”.
We collect and process your contact information when you engage us to use our Platform.
When a representative of an existing or prospective Business uses or wishes to use our Platform, we collect that representative’s contact details such as name, email, phone number, position and company, Platform login information, and information relating to the engagement between us and the Business which is made with the involvement of the representative. We refer to this entire data as “
Contact Information
”.
You do not have a legal obligation to provide us with your Inquiry Information or Contact Information; however, if you choose to not share this information with us we may not be able to respond to your inquiry or provide you the Platform.
The Platform we provide involves processing information of the Business’s data subjects.
In order to provide the Platform to a Business, we process personal information of the Business’s end-users. We do this as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on behalf of the Business and under the Business’s instructions.
Generally, the Platform processes personal data regarding the behavior and usage patterns of the end-users of mobile applications and other mobile properties operated by the Business. Subject to the Business’s discretion, the personal data processed by the Platform can include, among others, the end-user’s IP address, Apple’s ID for Advertising (IDFA), Google Android ID and Advertising ID for Android (AIFA), carrier user “ID”, and geo-location information.
We refer to this type of data as “
Platform Information
”.
If you are a data subject of the Platform Information (i.e., you are a Business’s end-user), and would like to obtain more information on the collection and processing of your personal data, please contact the Business which is the data controller of your personal data.
We also collect analytics information about your use of the Training Program and Website.
When you visit the Website or the Platform, we record and collect certain information about your interaction with the Website or the Platform, including the IP address from which you access the Website or Platform, time and date of access, type of browser used, language used, links clicked, and actions taken while using the Website or Platform (“
Analytics Information
“).
Data Controller and Data Processor
The Business is the data controller of the Platform Information, and Singular is its data processor.
Each Business is the data controller of its own Platform Information. They determine the purposes and means of processing that data. We only process such data based on their instructions and for the purpose of providing the Platform to them.
Singular is the data controller of Inquiry, Information Contact Information and Analytics Information
Singular is the data controller for the Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information, as explained below.
How we process personal data
To respond to and handle your inquiry.
We process your Inquiry Information to contact you about your inquiry and handle your inquiry.
To send you administrative communications.
We process your Contact Information to send you communications and administrative emails, to manage the provision of the Platform to you and to provide you with further information and updates about Singular’s products and technology.
To send you marketing communication.
We process your Inquiry Information and Contact Information to send you marketing communications such as newsletters, know-how articles, webinar and event invitations, and other useful industry information and announcements. We will do so if we believe you might be interested in receiving these communications from us. You may unsubscribe at any time by contacting us via our online contact form available at
Contact Us
or via the unsubscribe link in each marketing communication you receive from us. If you provided your personal email address to us and we believe that you are a representative of a prospective Business, we will use the Inquiry Information and Contact Information to determine your business email address (using third party tools) so that we can communicate with you through your business email address.
To provide and maintain the Website and Platform.
We process your Analytics Information to provide, maintain and improve your user experience when accessing our Website or when using our Platform. We also will use the Analytics Information for quality assurance and for development and enhancement of the Platform.
We also process the Analytics Information to improve our email communications.
We will use the Analytics Information to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms of use for the Platform and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
In order to provide the Platform to a Business, we process Platform Information as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on behalf of the Business and under the Business’s instructions.
Who processes your data
We will not share your information with third parties, except in the events listed below or when you provide us your explicit and informed
consent.
We will process information with our service providers helping us to operate our business.
We will process personal information with the assistance of our service providers as third parties who assist us with the internal operations of the Website and Platform. These companies are authorized to use your personal information in this context only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes. These service providers include Amazon Web Services, Inc. and Snowflake, Inc.
Our third parties are obligated to provide the same level of privacy protection.
When we disclose your personal information to third parties, we are liable for those onward transfers. We only transfer data to these service providers for limited and specific purposes under a contract, and ensure that they effectively process the personal information in a manner consistent with our obligations. The service providers are required to notify us if they can no longer meet their requirements, and upon notice take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing. We can provide a summary or a representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of our contracts with these third parties upon request to
privacy@singular.net
.
We will share information with competent authorities, if you abuse your right to use the Platform, or violate any applicable law.
If you have abused your rights to use the Website or Platform, or violated any applicable law, we will share information with competent authorities and with third parties (such as legal counsels and advisors), for the purpose of handling of the violation or breach.
We will share your information if we are legally required.
We will share information if we are required to do so by a judicial, governmental or regulatory authority.
We will share your information with our corporate group of companies.
Because we operate our business as a corporate group of companies, we may also share your information with companies in our corporate group for the same purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. They include:
Singular Labs, Ltd. (Israel)
Singular (UK) Limited
We will share your information with third parties in any event of a change in our structure.
If the operation of our business is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition), we will share information only as required to enable the structural change in the operation of the business.
You may choose to opt out of disclosing your personal information or limiting its use.
You may choose whether your personal information is to be disclosed to a third party, or to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected. To exercise that choice, send an email to
privacy@singular.net
.
We will never ask you for sensitive information (i.e. medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, etc).
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files, comprised of small amount of data, that are saved on your computer or other device (e.g. smartphone, tablet, etc.) when you use the internet and visit various websites.
The information that the cookies maintain is read by the website you visit, during the session of your visit to the website (these are called ‘session’ cookies), and when you return to visit it again (these are called ‘persistent’ cookies). We also use techniques called web beacons and web pixels for purposes similar to the use of cookies.
We use cookies necessary to operate the Website, for website statistics, for marketing purposes and to remember your website preferences.
We use cookies for a number of purposes, as briefly explained below:
Necessary:
Cookies that are strictly necessary for the functioning of the Website. The Website cannot operate properly without these cookies. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Website may not function properly.
Statistics:
Analytics cookies that help us understand how you and other users interact with our Website by collecting data that does not directly identify you.
Marketing:
Marketing cookies help us to deliver ads that we believe are relevant to you. For example, we may use retargeting cookies to deliver ads you receive when you visit other websites.
You can always delete or disable cookies.
You can always delete the cookies saved on your device through the settings of your computer browser or device. You can also disable cookies for future use through the settings of your computer browser or device.
Security and data retention
We will retain your Inquiry Information, Analytics Information and Contact Information for as long as we need it for business purposes, and thereafter as needed for record-keeping matters.
We will retain Inquiry Information, Analytics Information and Contact Information for the duration needed to support our ordinary business activities operating the Website and Platform. Thereafter, we will still retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, establish and defend legal claims and enforce our agreements.
We will retain Business Information in accordance with the Business’s instructions and only while the Business uses the Platform.
We will retain Business Information pursuant to the Business instructions, and only for the duration needed to provide the Platform to you. Upon the termination of the agreement with us for the provision of the Platform, we will return or delete you Business Information, unless we are required to retain such information under applicable law.
We implement measures to secure your Information.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure personal information, it is not guaranteed, and you cannot expect that the Website or Platform will be immune from information security risks.
International Data transfers
We will internationally transfer information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we transfer your personal data for processing at locations outside your jurisdiction, we will abide by data transfer rules applicable to these situations.
Additional information for individuals in the EU, UK or Switzerland
Singular is the data controller of the Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information.
The following is the contact information of Singular as the primary data controller of the Inquiry Information, Contact Information, and Analytics Information:
Singular Labs, Inc.
181 South Park Street, Unit 2
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States of America
Email:
privacy@singular.net
For any additional inquiries, contact Eran Friedman at
eran@singular.net
Legal basis under EU law for processing your personal data.
The legal basis for processing Analytics Information is our legitimate interest in maintaining, developing and enhancing the Website and the Platform.
The legal basis for processing your Inquiry Information for the purpose of responding to and handling your inquiry is our legitimate interests in responding to your inquiry.
The legal basis for processing your Contact Information and Inquiry Information for the purpose of marketing our services or offering the Platform to you is our legitimate interests in developing and maintaining our business relationship with you as a representative of an existing or prospective Business.
The legal basis for processing your Analytics Information for the purpose of handling instances of abusive use of the Platform is our legitimate interests in defending and enforcing against violations and breaches that are harmful to our business.
The legal basis for processing your information where we are legally required to share it, is our legitimate interests in complying with mandatory legal requirements imposed on us.
The legal basis for processing your information in the event of a change in our corporate structure is our legitimate interests in our business continuity.
With respect to Singular’s processing of your Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information, you have certain rights to access, update or delete information, obtain a copy of your information, withdraw your consent and object or restrict certain data processing activities.
If you are in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the following rights under the GDPR in relation to Singular’s processing of your Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information:
Right to Access
your personal data that we process and receive a copy of it.
Right to Rectify
inaccurate personal data we have concerning you and to have incomplete personal data completed.
Right to Data Portability
, that is, to receive the personal data that you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit this data to another service provider. Where technically feasible, you have the right that your personal data be transmitted directly from us to the service provider you designate.
Right to Object
, based on your particular situation, to using your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, including processing your information for marketing communications. However, in cases other than processing your information for marketing communications, we may override the objection if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds, or for the establishment, exercise of defense of legal claims. You may also object at any time to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Restrict
the processing your personal data (except for storing it) if you contest the accuracy of your personal data, for a period enabling us to verify its accuracy; if you believe that the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request instead to restrict its use; if we no longer need the personal data for the purposes outlined in this Policy, but you require them to establish, exercise or defense relating to legal claims, or if you object to processing, pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds for processing override yours.
Right to be Forgotten
. Under certain circumstances, such as when you object to us processing your data and we have no compelling legitimate grounds to override your objection, you have the right to ask us to erase your personal data. However, we may still process your personal data if it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation we are subject to under laws in EU Member States, the UK and Switzerland, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at
privacy@singular.net
.
We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with information. Where we are not able to provide you the information that you have asked for, we will explain the reason for this.
If you are the data subject of the Business Information we process on behalf of a Business, and would like to exercise any of your EU, UK or Switzerland rights, please contact the Business.
You have a right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If you are in the EU, UK or Switzerland, then according to Article 77 of the GDPR, you can lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement of the GDPR.
In the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
– Water Lane, Wycliffe House, Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF
– Tel. 0303 123 1113.
– Website:
https://ico.org.uk/
For a list of national supervisory authorities in the member states of the European Economic Area and their contact information, click here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
CPRA Information for consumers residing in California
If you are an individual residing in California, we provide you with the following information pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA).
We do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive personal information.
This is the personal information we have collected over the past 12 months when we operate as a “business” under the CPRA:
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information Collected
Source of Information
Identifiers
Name, work email address, phone number (within Inquiry information, and Contact Information)
Platform login information (within Contact Information)
The consumer themselves
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Subject of your inquiry (within Inquiry information and Contact Information)
The consumer themselves
Professional or employment-related information
Company name and position (within Inquiry information and Contact Information)
The consumer themselves or the Business they are associated with
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Subject of your inquiry expressing interest in our Platform
Information relating to the engagement between us and the Business which is made with the involvement of the consumer as a representative of the Business
The consumer themselves or the Business they are associated with
Internet or other electronic network activity information
IP address from which you access the Website or Platform, time and date of access, type of browser used, language used, links clicked, and actions taken while using the Website or Platform
The consumer’s device
The following are the CPRA specific business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information. Details about the information we collect for each category are provided in the table above. More details about the business or commercial purposes are provided in the Privacy Policy’s section titled ‘HOW WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA’:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CPRA
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer who is a job applicant
Processing transactions and verifying customer information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality of the service and to improve, upgrade or enhance the service
Debugging to identify and repair errors
The chart below explains the personal information we disclosed for a business purpose to third parties in the preceding 12 months:
Categories of personal information (under the CPRA)
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose your information and the specific business or commercial purpose for the disclosure
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Internet or other electronic network activity information
With outside legal counsels and authorities, for the purpose of responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business.
With third parties to which a law or binding order requires us to disclose your information to. Our purpose in doing so is complying with our obligations under the law or the binding order.
With the target entity of our merger, acquisition or reorganization, and legal counsels, and advisors, for the purpose of facilitating the structural change in the operation of our business within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition).
The chart below explains about the personal information we shared for online behaviorally targeted ads in the preceding 12 months. Other than this sharing, we have not sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not have actual knowledge that we share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Categories of personal information
Categories of third parties to whom the information is shared for online behaviorally-targeted ads, and the specific business or commercial purpose for sharing
Internet Protocol (IP) address identifier that your device uses to connect to the internet, and mobile device advertising ID
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Location data
Inferences
Advertising networks, to show you ads based on your visit to our Website.
The following rights apply only to a California resident who is not a representative of a Business receiving a product or service from Singular and only in relation to personal information that is not in the context of the Business receiving a product or service from Singular:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CPRA
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:
·  The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
·  The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
·  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information;
·  The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any;
·  The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
·  Delete your personal information from our records; and
·  Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
·  Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
·  Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
·  Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
·  Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
·  Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
·  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that adheres or conforms to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
·  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information; or
·  Comply with an existing legal obligation.
We also will deny your request to delete if it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, or if another exception to the CPRA applies. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to delete your information.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
If we receive a verifiable request from you to correct your information and we determined the accuracy of the corrected information you provide, we will correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we will consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information.
We also may require that you provide documentation if we believe it is necessary to rebut our own documentation that the personal information is accurate.
We may deny your request to correct in the following cases:
• We have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that your request to correct is fraudulent or abusive.
• We determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.
• Conflict with federal or state law.
• Other exception to the CPRA.
• Inadequacy in the required documentation
• Compliance proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to correct your information.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sharing of Personal Information
We share your personal information for behaviorally-targeted ads, as explained above. You have a right to opt-out of that sharing. If you would like to exercise your right to opt-out, please send an email to
privacy@singular.net
.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CPRA. This means we cannot, among other things:
·  Deny goods or services to you;
·  Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
·  Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
·  Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your personal information.
Disclosures to third parties
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (and other, similar state statutes) permits our customers who are California residents (or residents of states with similar legislation) to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@connatix.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Exercising your rights
If you would like to exercise any of your CPRA rights as described above, you should email us to:
privacy@singular.net
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using two or three points of the data verification process, depending on the type of information you require.
Data Privacy Framework
We comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to ICDR-AAA, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Before you can invoke this binding arbitration mechanism, you must take the following steps:
(1) raise the claimed violation directly with us, and give us an opportunity to resolve the issue within 45 days;
(2) make use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism explained above, which is at no cost to you; and
(3) raise the issue through your Data Protection Authority to the U.S. Department of Commerce and give the Department of Commerce an opportunity to use best efforts to resolve the issue.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Limited Use Policy in Relation to Google APIs
Our use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Privacy Notice in Relation to Children’s Privacy
For children’s privacy information, refer to our Children’s Privacy Notice here:
www.singular.net/children-privacy-notice
Changes to this privacy notice
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will make efforts to proactively notify you of such changes.
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy. If we do so, we will make efforts to proactively notify you of such changes. In any event, the latest version of the Privacy Policy will always be accessible at
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy
.
Last Updated: February 9, 2025
English
Portuguese
Spanish
Korean
Chinese
English
Portuguese
Spanish
Korean
Chinese
Sub-policy 2
https://invinciblesstudio.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Corporate Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy outlines how Invincibles Studio Limited (“Invincibles Studio”) uses and protects information that you provide to Soccer Manager whilst using our website which is in line with General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”).
Invincibles Studio is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified then you can be assured that it will be used in accordance with this Policy. We may change our processes from time to time by updating this Policy. You should check this Policy to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
The Privacy Policy was last reviewed in July 2023.
Who is collecting the data?
Invincibles Studio via www.invinciblesstudio.com
What we collect
We may collect the following information via our newsletter and contact forms:
First name
Last Name
Email address
Company
What we do with the information we collect
We require this information to help determine needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may, where you agree, periodically send marketing emails about, company news, updates or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided. You may opt out of this communication at any time using our unsubscribe function.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure and to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All data is stored [where].
Pixels
A pixel tag, or pixel, is a small piece of code that can be embedded on websites and emails. We may use pixels to learn how you interact with our site pages, and this information helps us provide you with a more tailored experience.
Device Identifiers
We use device identifiers to track, analyse and improve the performance of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website and are therefore not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting external sites.
Controlling your personal information
You can choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you are happy for your information to be used by us for direct marketing purposes.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind by emailing at
contactus@invinciblesstudio.com
or making use of the unsubscribe options in our email comms.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your express permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under General Data Protection Regulations and if you would like a copy of the information held on you, please email
contactus@invinciblesstudio.com