ABOUT
CRYPTO SCHOOL
LIVE STREAMS
Updated on 10 October 2023
Crypto Banter aims to make sure that all of the information on pages hosted by CryptoBanter.com or its subdomains is up to date and accurate.
By using CryptoBanter.com, you agree to the policies contained in this Terms of Service (ToS) Agreement.
We reserve the right at any time to make changes to our ToS, which will take immediate effect after we update it on Crypto Banter.com.
Crypto Banter cannot be held responsible for any losses or inconvenience that stem from the usage of any material within this site.
We do not accept responsibility for the content of third-party websites linked to through CryptoBanter.com, and users who access these external sites do so at their own risk.
All materials on CryptoBanter.com are for informational and entertainment purposes only, and none should be interpreted as investment advice.
In particular, you agree to hold Crypto Banter and its affiliates, management, directors, staff, agents, and third-party service providers non-liable and protect them against any claims, damages, expenses, costs (such as legal fees), and other liabilities incurred out of or related to your access or use of Crypto Banter’s services, and/or your violation of this user agreement or the rights of any third party or person.
Crypto Banter may not be held liable for any special, indirect, incidental, accidental, or punitive damages connected with this agreement or your use of or attempt to use Crypto Banter
This includes but is not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, data, or use. Advising us on the possibility of these damages will not affect this limitation on liability.
As certain countries and states do not exclude or limit liability for incidental or consequential damages, these may not apply to you, but you may have other rights.
Through this document, you agree to release Crypto Banter, our affiliates, and third-party service providers, directors, employees, and agents from any known or unknown claims, demands, and damages (both actual and consequential) connected in any way to your use of Crypto Banter.
Any partial or whole claim, or dispute between you and Crypto Banter that springs from this user agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of South Africa.
All information and content used on CryptoBanter.com, such as images, advertising, guides, articles, videos, code, audio clips and our branding style, are protected under the relevant copyright and proprietary rights. They constitute intellectual property that belong to Crypto Banter or our affiliated parties, and which we will protect in accordance with the law.
Our users may use our content online only for personal and non-commercial use, without removing any trademark or copyrighted item. You may not sell or reproduce any of our content without obtaining prior written consent from us. You may send your request by email to info@cryptobanter.com and must await our positive consent before proceeding to use such items.
YouTube Terms of service:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
Crypto Banter values the intellectual property of third parties. If you feel that your intellectual property has been duplicated and copyright infringed upon, please write to us at info@cryptobanter.com.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 10 October 2023
Crypto Banter values and respects your privacy. This Privacy and Cookie Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how you may use and access Crypto Banter.com (the “Website” or “Site”), and associated content, software, and mobile applications (collectively, the “Service” or “Services”).
This Privacy Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our Website or use our Services, and how and when we use this and keep it secure. We also explain how we use cookies and similar technology on our Website for our Services.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
By using our Website or our Services, you are agreeing to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Do not use any of our Services if you do not agree with our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected via third-party websites accessed through our Services, or to any information submitted by you to us through email, text messages or other electronic communication.
European Union (EU) residents are requested to review our EU Data section below to see our legal bases for processing and transfer of your data.
What information do we collect?
Crypto Banter gathers information about our readers in the following ways:
Information you provide
We may collect your contact information (e.g. email address, phone number etc.), or other information you provide in feedback, marketing activities, complaints, customer support, and other forms of correspondence.
We may also collect other data, such as how you use our service and connect with us, technical data such as your crypto wallet addresses (e.g. for KYC or airdrop purposes), and marketing communication preferences such as newsletters.
Information from other parties
We may add to the information you provide more information from other third party sources.
Automatically collected information
Crypto Banter may automatically collect the following analytical information, in order to improve and optimize our Service by better understanding the user experience and needs:
certain website usage information (“Site Log Data”), for example user IP addresses, device, operating system and browser;
site pages and features visited;
duration and frequency of visits;
web search terms or keywords used to navigate to site.
How do we use your information?
Delivery of service
In order to give you the best possible Crypto Banter experience, we use your personal info to give you access to our Services and the ability to use them, to enable and deliver requested products and services to you, and to send important information, such as technical updates, notices, security warnings, email confirmations, support and general administrative communication.
Legal compliance
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
We may use your personal information at our discretion as necessary in order to meet applicable laws and legal requests and processes by authorities, such as subpoenas.
Communication with you
We may selectively use your personal info to inform you about promotions, events, products, and services from our selected partners.
Website enhancement
We may use your personal info to improve your site experience and our Services, such as optimizing our layout, answering questions, enhancing our customer support, and protecting our users against illicit or fraudulent behavior and activity.
If you give consent, we may share your testimonials or endorsements, or give you the choice to opt into third party marketing activities.
How do we share your personal information?
Crypto Banter will under no circumstances share with or sell your personal information to third parties without your express consent, except as explained in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information to third parties in the following conditions:
Subsidiaries and Affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy;
Business-related transfers or deals, such as a merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding;
Compliance for legal, protection, safety and emergency purposes. This includes compliance with laws and authorities, and protecting our business, customers, employees, and other people;
Professional advisors and service providers who we may use to conduct work for us, such as third parties that help us provide the Service (e.g. customer support, website hosting, database, legal and financial service providers);
Other companies or entities you permit us to share your information with, as well as aggregated and anonymous data, which will be subject to the third party entities’ privacy policies.
How do we secure your personal information?
Crypto Banter will only keep your information as long as we feel it’s necessary and needed for the purposes described in this document.
We’ll also keep personal information at our discretion (in consideration of your rights and sensitivity of the data) to comply with laws where needed, help with legal investigations, fix disputes and problems, and deter fraudulent actions.
Where required, we may anonymize your data, ensuring that your information is not identifiable in any way, and use it indefinitely without giving you any further notice.
We use industry-approved security measures and technology to protect your personal information as it is submitted through our Services; however, we cannot guarantee its security due to the nature of online traffic.
We will not be held responsible for the interception or interruption of internet-relayed communication and losses of data.
Our Service users are responsible for ensuring and maintaining their password and biometric security, user ID and other sensitive information that could be harmfully used against them.
We may suspend your use of our Services without informing you, for your own protection and/or the protection of our other users, if we suspect a security breach or issue.
Cross-border transfers
The Company is not located in the EU nor the United States, but we may have affiliates and service providers in these jurisdictions or other countries around the world. This means your personal information may be shared as detailed in this document with entities in other countries or jurisdictions with different privacy laws from those in your jurisdiction.
We advise our European Union (EU) users to read the information below regarding the transfer of personal information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
Children and our services
If you are under age in your jurisdiction, you may only use the Services with the approval and/or supervision of your parent or legal guardian. In alignment with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), if we discover we’ve received information from a child younger than age 13 without parental consent, we will use this information only to reply to the child or their parent to inform them they are not permitted to use our our Site, after which we will permanently delete it.
By using the Crypto Banter service, you represent that you are at least 18 years old, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parents’ or guardians’ permission to use the Service.
California privacy rights
In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), we inform you that in the last year, Crypto Banter may have collected, utilized and shared for business reasons personal information about you as per this Privacy Policy. Residents of California have the right to request access to and the deleting of this information we hold about them by emailing info@cryptobanter.com
Crypto Banter will not sell your personal information without your consent, nor discriminate against you for exercising your rights under CCPA. specifically such as:
Denying you access to our Services;
Charging a higher rate for the use of our Services; or
Providing you with a decreased quality of service.
GDPR compliance for EU residents
Residents in the European Union should consider the following: “Personal information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, is the same as “personal data” as defined in the
European Union General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR).
You may be providing us with sensitive data as defined in the GDPR’s special categories of personal data, such as your racial or ethnic identification as per your government-issued identification documents.
We’ll use your personal information in accordance with the law, and will inform you as required of the legal bases of the processing of your personal information. Please contact info@cryptobanter.com if you require more information.
Purpose for processing
Legal Basis
–
To communicate with you
–
To improve our platform
–
To legally comply, prevent fraud, and ensure safety
–
To carry out our Service
We require these purposes to provide our services, and will not use your personal information for activities where our interests impact you adversely.
To comply with law
We use your personal information to comply with applicable laws and fulfill our legal duties.
With your consent
You have the right to withdraw consent to use your personal information at anytime by informing us at info@CryptoBanter.com
Use for new purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so, and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you, and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we will seek your consent for any unrelated purpose.
Crypto Banter may utilize your personal information for circumstances not detailed in this Privacy Policy, where we are legally allowed to do so, and it is for the purpose of our collection. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated reason, we will contact you and request your permission to do so.
Youtube API Client Terms of Use and Privacy Policies
Some of our features use YouTube API Services to embed and display live streams and Youtube videos, shows and lists. If you use these services you are agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
and
Google Privacy Policy
.
Your rights
The GDPR gives you specific rights pertaining to your personal information. You are entitled to ask us to take the following actions regarding your personal information we hold:
Opt-out: To cease the sending of direct marketing communications which you have previously agreed to receive. We may, however, continue to send you communication related to our Service or for non-marketing reasons;
Access: To explain how we process your personal information and give you access to it;
Update: To update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information;
Delete: To delete your personal information;
Transfer: To transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice;
Restrict: To restrict the processing of your personal information;
Object. To object to any processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
You can submit these requests by email to info@cryptobanter.com.
We may ask for specific information to help us verify your identity and fulfil your request, in accordance with applicable law. If we decline your request, we’ll inform you if we are legally allowed. To lodge a complaint, please contact us at info@cryptobanter.com or complain to your domestic data protection authority, which you may find
here
.
Our Cookies Policy
Last Updated: 22 December 2021
Crypto Banter may utilize cookies or related technology (such as Google Analytics and Google Search Console) to analyze trends, improve website administration, user navigational tracking and demographic breakdown. You can control the usage of cookies by changing the settings on your browser.
Learn more about how Google Analytics uses your personal data here:
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
Warning: We will NEVER ask you to share your private key or wallet seed with us. If you are asked this information, you are likely being targeted by a phishing scam looking to steal your funds.
Why do we need to use cookies?
We respect your privacy, and therefore we would like to clearly explain how we use cookies on the Site.
A cookie is a small text file, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is placed on your harddrive by a web page server. Cookies are required to use some Crypto Banter services.
Crypto Banter and its ad management partners use cookies to capture current session information, and may also occasionally use web beacons (such as internet tags, pixel tags, and clear GIFs).
Without some cookies, we wouldn’t be able to deliver the many Services we do on our site. We use cookies to better understand our users. For example, cookies allow us to recognize new or past users and Site behavior, to save your registered password for faster logins, to optimize our Site and gain insights into how you use it and how people browse across other websites and platforms.
We and our marketing partners, service providers and affiliates use cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other technologies to ensure an optimal experience for all our users.
We may also use third-party cookies for marketing reasons.
Cookies might be “session” cookies (which we delete after your session), or “persistent” cookies (which will remain until you or the cookie server delete them).
You can disable cookies by following the recommendations of your browser.
You can opt out of Google Analytics data collection with the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
and learn additional information about managing cookies at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
Cookies disclosure
Name of cookie/identifier
Purpose
Provider
Duration
Google Analytics
Analytics
3rd – Google
2 years
Firebase
Analytics
3rd – Google
2 years
Cloudflare
CDN
3rd – Cloudflare
1 month
io
Notifications
1st party
Session
GDPR_Settings
GDPR Compliance
1st party
10 years
Newsletter_Popup
Website function
1st party
10 years
App_Popup
Website function
1st party
10 years
Privacy Policy changes
Crypto Banter may change this privacy policy at our discretion at any time, therefore you should review this privacy policy from time to time (see latest update date at the very top of this page).
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be immediately effective upon our date of modification, and will be ratified by your continued use of our Site or Services following this.
Google Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Contact us
Home
Live Stream
Community
Crypto School
Banter Bubbles
Banter Capital
Crypto Banter
VIP Communities
Our Ethics
Work with Us
Fulfillment Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
© 2022-[year]
Crypto Banter.
All Rights Reserved.
Home
Live Stream
Community
Crypto School
Banter Bubbles
Banter Capital
Crypto Banter
Our Ethics
Work with Us
Fulfillment Policy
Terms Services
Privacy Policy
© 2022 - 2025
Crypto Banter
. All Rights Reserved.
Home
Live Stream
Community
Crypto School
Banter Bubbles
Banter Capital
Crypto Banter
Our Ethics
Work with Us
Fulfillment Policy
Terms Services
Privacy Policy
© 2022 - 2025
Crypto Banter
. All Rights Reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms