Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
taxi.gr
1
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 5/29/24 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
About
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
The easiest way to contact our Data Protection Officer is via
privacy@taxi.gr
address. taxi.gr has appointed Margarita Thanou as Data Protection Officer to oversee compliance with this Notice.
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Service, and informs you of your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy in general or any part of it, you should not access our websites, application or use our services.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
Capitalized words have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in the singular or plural form.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy: Account means the account for which each User must apply to use the taxi.gr application to access our Services. Application means the software program provided by the Company and which you download to any electronic device, called taxi.gr and taxi.gr | driver. The company (referred to either as “taxi.gr”, “the Company”, “We”, or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to “Ιntelligent Mobile App S.A.”, with the distinctive title ‘taxi.gr’. For the purposes of GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller. Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website and contain the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses. The Data Controller, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal entity that alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of processing Personal Data. Device means any device that can access the Service, such as a computer, mobile phone, or digital tablet. The Facebook page is a public profile with the name “taxi.gr” created especially by the Company on the social network Facebook, accessible from the address
https://m.facebook.com/taxi.grOfficial
Personal Data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual as described in the “Types of Data Collected” below. The service refers to the App or the Website, or both. The service will include the term “taxi.gr” Services as defined in the Terms and Conditions. Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, provide the Service on behalf of the Company, perform services related to the Service, or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purposes of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Controllers. This will include third-party drivers. The user refers to anyone who downloads the taxi.gr and taxi.gr | driver applications. Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, whether generated by the use of the Service or by the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). The website is listed at
www.taxi.gr
. It refers to the person who accesses or uses the Service or the company or other legal entity on whose behalf such person accesses or uses the Service, as applicable. According to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), you can be referred to as a Data Subject or as a User as you are the person using the Service. Collection and use of your personal data. Types of data collected.
Personal data
When using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally-identifying information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Name and surname
Phone number
Address and other booking route points
Credit card information for payment for products and/or services within the Service
Device token and usage data
Advertising IDs from the device
Passenger details such as Name, Surname and Phone Number.
When you pay for a product and/or service via bank transfer/card, we may ask you to provide information to facilitate this transaction and verify your identity. This information may include, without limitation:
Date of birth
Passport or Identity Card
Bank card status
Other information that links you to an address
When a booking is confirmed, the details are securely recorded in the taxi.gr booking system, which is hosted by a third party. This data is kept on the server of taxi.gr, which is hosted by a third party bound by the same data protection duties and GDPR legislation as taxi.gr. Such data may be anonymized.
Usage Data
Usage data is collected automatically when you use the Service. Usage Data may include information such as your device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When you access the Service from or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including but not limited to the type of mobile device you are using, the unique identifier of your mobile device, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use; unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that your browser sends each time you visit our Service or access the Service through a mobile device. Information collected while using the app. When using our App, in order to provide the features of our App, we may collect, with your prior permission:
Information about your location
We use this information to provide the features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company’s servers and/or to the server of a Service Provider or may simply be stored on your device. When you use one of our location-enabled services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. Our services require your personal location data for the feature to work. Your consent may be withdrawn at any time by disabling location-based services on your Device, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to offer the Service. If you need more details on how we use location-based services, you can request such information by contacting the Data Controller at
privacy@taxi.gr
Fidelity Plan
When you use our App, you benefit from our loyalty program, which means you authorize us to process and store your data necessary for the operation of the loyalty system. This will be limited to the information you provided during registration after installing the App.
Tracking technologies and cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our Service and store certain information. The tracking technologies used are beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and improve and analyze our Service. The technologies we use may include:
Cookies or browser cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on your Device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of our Service. If you have not adjusted your browser setting to refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
Flash Cookies.
Some features of our Service may use locally stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences or activity on our Service. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for browser cookies. For more information on how to delete Flash Cookies, read “Where can I change settings for disabling or deleting local shared objects?” available here.
Web Beacons.
Some sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that allow the Company, for example, to count users who have visited these pages or opened an email and for other relevant website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a particular module and verifying the integrity of the system and server).
Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you are offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your browser. You can learn more about cookies here: Cookies by TermsFeed Generator. We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes listed below:
Necessary / Necessary Cookies
Type: Session cookies
Managed: by Us
Purpose: These cookies are necessary to provide you with services available through the Website and to allow you to use some of its features. They help authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services you have requested cannot be provided and we only use these cookies to provide you with these services.
Cookies Policy / Cookie Acceptance Notice
Type: Persistent cookies
Managed: by Us
Purpose: These Cookies determine whether users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality cookies
Type: Persistent cookies
Managed: by Us
Purpose: These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make when using the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preferences. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid repeating your preferences each time you use the Website.
Tracking and performance cookies
Type: Persistent cookies
Managed: by Third Parties
Purpose: These cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information collected through these Cookies may identify you directly or indirectly as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is usually linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these cookies to test new pages, features or new features of the website to see how our users react to them.
Use of your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
,
including monitoring your use of our Service and ensuring that content on our website and App is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
For you to manage your account
and your registration as a user of the Service.
The Personal Data you provide may give you access to various features of the Service available to you as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract
:
developing, complying with and undertaking the performance of our obligations arising from any booking you have made with us, which may include sharing such data with third party processors.
To contact you
by email, phone calls, SMS or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as push notifications of a mobile application regarding updates or informational communications related to contracted features, products or services, including security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide you with information
, products or services that you
request from us or that we believe may be of interest to you, where (if required to do so) you have consented to be contacted for such purposes unless you have opted out of receiving such information.
To manage your requests
by creating booking records and send you booking confirmations, confirmations, invoices and statuses.
To serve you targeted advertising
:
We may use your information to develop and display content and advertisements (and work with third-party vendors who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
For business transfers
We may use your information to evaluate or carry out a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as an ongoing business or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which the Personal Data we hold about users of our Service is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
,
we may use your information for other purposes, such as analyzing data, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, and evaluating and improving the Service, products, services, marketing, and experience.
To notify you
of updates
and changes to our service.
To meet
customer service requirements
and to handle complaints and feedback
We will contact you only by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about updates, goods and services similar to those we have previously delivered to you. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please let us know by contacting the Data Controller at
privacy@taxi.gr
. We may also use and analyze aggregated information (collective data related to a group or category of services or customers, from which individual customer identities or characteristics have been removed) collected through the provision of analytics so that you can manage, support, improve and grow your business.
We only work with trusted partners and authorities. We only share when there is a good reason to do so. We limit sharing to only what is required. We do not sell your personal information.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
With third-party providers
to
provide the service, such as drivers and fleet operators. These will include service providers related to payment processing, warehousing, marketing companies, professionals, social media platform providers for our own marketing and research partners.
For business transfers
:
We may share or transfer your personal information in connection with or during negotiations for any merger, sale of Company assets, financing or acquisition of all or part of our business to another company.
With Group companies
:
We may share your information with our Group companies, in which case we will require those Group companies to adhere to this Privacy Policy. Group companies include companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
With business partners
:
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With your consent
:
We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Legally Bound
to
do so: if we are required to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, process or request or in order to enforce or apply the terms and conditions and/or any other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Company; our clients or others (this includes sharing information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk mitigation purposes).
Retention of your Personal Data
The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable law), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, unless this data is used to enhance security or improve the functionality of our Service or we are legally required to retain this data for longer periods of time.
In order to determine the retention period of your Personal Data, we take into account various criteria so that your Personal Data is not retained for longer than necessary. Such criteria include, but are not limited to:
The reason we retain your personal data;
Legal obligations, including the laws of Greece and the regulations of Greece on transportation (we also comply with any financial reporting obligations).
If we consider you to be a regular customer, which classification is based on the services you request from us, if you have opted in to receive our marketing communications and if you have installed our application.
If you no longer actively participate or engage with us and if you have asked us to delete or modify your data. and
Our legitimate business interests in relation to the management of our own rights, for example in defending any claims.
We will retain your information as follows:
In case of payment disputes, the data will be retained until the satisfaction of the claim or the expiration date of such claims.
Your user profile and account details (including your technical usage data) because you have an active passenger account or 3 years after your last use of our services. If we close your account, user data will be deleted in accordance with our retention policy, unless such data is still required to fulfill any legal obligation or for accounting, dispute resolution or fraud prevention purposes.
In case of payment disputes, the data will be retained until the satisfaction of the claim or the expiration date of such claims.
Records of reservations, lost property and complaints for at least 12 months or in accordance with legislative requirements.
Data required for other accounting purposes will be stored for ten years after the last trip.
In case of suspicion of a criminal offence, fraudulent activity or false information, all data will be stored for up to 10 years.
Storage & Transfer of Your Personal Data
The data we collect from you may be stored on the servers of taxi.gr located within the European Economic Area (EEA). Where necessary, it may be transferred to third parties for processing in accordance with our agreements with those third parties. We require all third parties to whom we disclose personal data to enter into a contract with us which includes strict confidentiality obligations. Your data may also be processed by staff working for us or for one of our suppliers. These staff may be involved in, among other things, fulfilling your order and providing support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to such transfer, storage or processing. We will take all reasonably necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and related regulations. Once we receive your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorized access. The Company will take all reasonably necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and that no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or country unless there are adequate controls, including the security of Your Data and other personal information.Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
Trade.
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will notify before your Personal Data is transferred and is subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
.
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required by law or in response to valid requests from public authorities (e.g. a court or government agency).
Other legal requirements
.
The Company may disclose your Personal Data in good faith that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation.
Protection and defense of the rights or property of the Company.
Prevent or investigate potential wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
Protection of the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public.
Protection against legal liability.
Security of your Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data: The service providers we use may have access to your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process, and transfer information about your activity on our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Analytics.
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data it collects to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the data it collects to customize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You may opt out of having your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics browser opt-out add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information about visit activity with Google Analytics. You can opt out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device’s ad settings, or by following the instructions provided by Google in its Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, please visit Google Privacy & Terms:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Email Marketing
. We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional material and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any or all of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. We may use email marketing service providers to manage and send you emails.
Mailchimp
.
Mailchimp is an email marketing service provided by Rocket Science Group LLC. For more information about Mailchimp’s privacy practices, please visit its Privacy Policy:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
.
Payments
. We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In this case, we may use third-party services to process payments (e.g. payment processors). We will not store or collect your payment card details. This information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors, whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors comply with the standards set by PCI-DSS administered by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store in-app payments
.
You can view their Privacy Policy at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
.
Google Play in-app payments
.
You can view their Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. When you use our Service to pay for a product and/or service via bank transfer, we may ask you to provide information to facilitate that transaction and verify your identity.
Behavioral remarketing
. The Company uses remarketing services to advertise to you after you access or visit our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies and non-cookie technologies to help us recognize your Device and understand how you use our Service so that we can improve our Service to reflect your interests and serve you ads that are likely to be of most interest to you.
These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process, and transfer information about your activity on our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies and to enable us to:
Measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our Service
Show ads for our products and/or services to you on third-party websites or apps
Measure and analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns
Some of these third-party vendors may use cookieless technologies that may not be affected by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not allow you to block such technologies. You may use the following third-party tools to opt out of the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving interest-based advertising:
The NAI opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
You can opt out of all personalized ads by enabling privacy features on your mobile device, such as “Limit Ad Tracking” (iOS) and “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” (Android). See your mobile device’s Help System for more information. We may share information such as hashed email addresses (if any) or other online identifiers collected on our Service with these third-party vendors. This allows our third-party vendors to recognize and deliver your ads to devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by these third-party vendors and their cross-device capabilities, please see each vendor’s Privacy Policy listed below. The third party suppliers we use are:
Google Ads (AdWords)
The Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt out of Google Analytics for display ads and customize your Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
. Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on –
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
– for your browser. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent the collection and use of their data by Google Analytics. For more information about Google’s privacy practices, please visit Google Privacy & Terms:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Facebook
Facebook’s remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/516147308587266
. To opt out of Facebook’s interest-based advertising, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
. Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt out of Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the
U.S. http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
or opt out using your mobile device settings. For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
.
Youtube
You can view their Privacy Policy at
https://www.youtube.com/static?template=terms
GDPR Privacy Policy. Legal basis for processing personal data under the GDPR. We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent
:
You have given your consent to the processing of Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of contract
:
The provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations
:
The processing of Personal Data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests
:
The processing of Personal Data is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another natural person.
Public interests
:
The processing of Personal Data relates to a task performed in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests
:
The processing of Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly assist in clarifying the specific legal basis applicable to the processing and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a legal or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary for the conclusion of a contract. Your rights under the GDPR: The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of your Personal Data and to guarantee that you can exercise your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy and by law, if you are located in the EU, to:
Request access to your Personal Data
.
The right to access, update or delete the information we hold about you. Whenever possible, you can access, update or request the deletion of your Personal Data directly in the settings section of your account. If you can’t perform these actions yourself, contact us so we can help you. This also enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.
Request correction of the Personal Data
we hold about you.
You have the right to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Objection to the processing of your Personal Data
.
This right exists when we rely on legitimate interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to the processing of your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object when we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request deletion of your Personal Data
.
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data
.
We will provide you, or a third party you have selected, with your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information for which you originally provided our consent to use or where we used the information to enter into a contract with you.
Withdraw your consent
.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of your Personal Data. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific features of the Service.
Uninstalling the app doesn’t mean we’ll automatically delete your data. You must still request that we delete your data and this request will only be considered for the data that we are not obliged to retain. Exercising Your GDPR Data Protection Rights: You can exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and objection by contacting us. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. If you make a request, we will try to get back to you as soon as possible. You can exercise any of your rights by contacting our Data Controller at
privacy@taxi.gr
. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about the collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, if you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA. Facebook Page: Data controller for the Facebook page: The Company is the Data Controller of your Personal Data collected during the use of the Service. As the administrator of the Facebook page
https://www.facebook.com/taxi.grOfficial
, the Company and the administrator of the social network Facebook are joint controllers. The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that set out, among other things, the terms of use of the Facebook Page. These terms are primarily based on Facebook’s Terms of Service:
www.facebook.com/terms.php
. Please visit the Facebook’s Privacy Policy
www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook handles personal data or contact Facebook online or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025 , United States. Facebook Insights: We use the Facebook Insights feature in connection with the operation of the Facebook Page and in accordance with GDPR in order to obtain anonymous statistical data about our users. For this purpose, Facebook places a cookie on the device of the user visiting our Facebook Page. Each cookie contains a unique identifier and remains active for a period of two years, unless deleted before the end of this period. Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the cookie, especially when the user visits Facebook services, services provided by other members of the Facebook Page and services from other companies that use Facebook services. For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please visit Facebook’s Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
. Links to other websites: Our Service may contain links to other websites not operated by Us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. We strongly advise you to check the Privacy Policy of each website you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will notify you by email and/or a prominent notice of our Service before the change takes effect and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We advise you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted on this page.
Contact us: Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcome and should be addressed to the Data Controller at
privacy@taxi.gr
. In addition, you may at any time file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, Personal Data Protection Authority, at the following address: 1 Kifisias Avenue, Athens, 115 23, telephone: +30-210 6475600
Passenger
Download app
Frequently Asked Questions
Support
Driver
Drive with taxi.gr
Frequently Asked Questions
Support
Sign Up Form
Company
News and Press
Get the app
© 2025 taxi.gr
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Cookies