PRIVACY NOTICE EUROVISION
SPORT
1.
Why is this
Notice important to you?
2.
What kind of personal data
do we process and how?
2.1.
What personal
data do we process about
you
2.2.
For what purposes do we use
your data and on which legal basis
2.3.
Who has access to your data
2.4.
Use of Cookies
2.5.
Links to third party websites
3.
How do we protect your personal
data?
3.1.
Storage duration
3.2.
Security of your data
3.3.
Automated decision making
3.4.
Children
4.
You can contact us
4.1.
What are your
rights
4.2.
How to contact us
4.3.
Representative in the European Union
4.4.
Effective date and changes
1.
Why is this Notice important
to you?
This Privacy Notice is
designed to inform you about the personal data relating to you and which is
collected via the
Eurovision Sport
website and mobile application
(referred to hereinafter as the “
Service
”) by the European Broadcasting
Union ("
EBU
")/
l'Union
Européenne
de Radio-
Télévision
("
UER
") (acting as data controller and hereinafter referred as
“we”, “our” and “us”) with registered office at
L’Ancienne
-Route
17A, 1218 Le Grand-
Saconnex
(Geneva) Switzerland and
registered with the Commercial Registry in Geneva under number IDE CHE
107.741.07.
Your
privacy is important to us. We aim for full transparency on how we collect,
use, and protect your personal information when you interact with our Service
Eurovision Sport
which is
available through our website and our mobile application
as operated and
provided by
Nagravision
Sarl
,
in
accordance with applicable data protection laws including the General Data
Protection Regulation
(EU) 2016/679
(hereinafter, the "GDPR") and the
ePrivacy
Directive 2002/58/EC
.
We describe hereafter
what personal data we may
process about you
,
how we collect it, on which legal basis, for what purposes we use it,
and with whom we may share it. We will also explain what your privacy rights
are and how you can exercise them.
Your use of this website
and app implies your acknowledgement of this Privacy Notice.
2.
What kind
of personal data do we process and how?
2.1 What personal data do we process about you?
We have indicated in the table below the categories of personal data
that we may collect and process about you and the devices you use when you
interact with the Service.
Categories of data
Description + origin of the data
Identification data
This is the data that you submit to us when
  you create an EBU account (
e.g.
name, age, gender, language,
  email address, sport interests) or to receive newsletters to which you subscribed
  (e.g. name, email address)
Authentication login data
This is the data that you submit to us
in order to
authenticate you, see above.
Web activities data
This is data related to your web activities
  that we collect via our website and app (
e.g.
IP
  address, location data, device information) and specific tools (e.g. cookies)
  when you access and interact with our website and app.
2.2 For what purposes do we use your personal data and on which legal
basis do we use it?
In compliance with the
GDPR, we have indicated in the table below the purposes for which we may process
your personal data as data controller, the associated legal basis on which we
legally process your personal data and the categories of personal data (as
identified above) used for those purposes:
Purpose
Legal basis
Categories of data
Creation of an account to provide you with the Service and managing
  your subscription
Art.6 (1) b: performance of a contract (T&Cs)
Identification data
Authentication via login
Art.6 (1) b: performance of a contract
  (T&Cs)
Authentication login data
Communicating with you to inform you about our activities
Art.6 (1) f: legitimate interest
Identification data
Sending you emails to promote
our Service, newsletters and relevant marketing
  communications, push notifications
Art.6 (1) a: consent
Identification data
Conducting audience, traffic measurement, analytics
Art.6 (1) a: consent
Web activities data
Creating statistics
Art.6 (1) f: legitimate interest
Anonymous aggregated data
Providing personalized services
Art.6 (1) a: consent
Web activities data
Providing content recommendation
Art.6 (1) b: performance of a contract (T&Cs)
Identification data
Providing online targeted advertising
Art.6 (1) a: consent
Web activities data
Ensuring data security
Art.6 (1) c: legal obligation
Log files information
2.3 Who has access to your personal data?
To pursue the purposes specified above, we may share your personal data
with the following recipients:
Our service provider. We collaborate with
Nagravision
Sarl with whom we have contractual arrangements, and which work on our behalf,
and which may need to have access to some of your personal data to provide the services
for the purposes explained to you above.
These include the building and hosting of the Service’s website and app;
account creation and management and authentication; sending of marketing and
promotional messages; measurement of the web and app traffic; provision of personalized
services and online targeted advertising; data security.
Subcontractors/third
parties. We may also share relevant personal data with subcontractors or any
other third party
to enable us to pursue the
purposes indicated above.
Such third parties may also
collect and process personal data for their own purposes, under their own
“terms and conditions” and “privacy policy”
, as the case may
be, for
which we are not liable.
International Transfers of your personal data
Some subcontractors or
third parties may be established in countries outside the European Economic
Area EEA. When we transfer personal data to countries outside the EEA that are
considered by the European Commission as not providing an adequate level of
protection for personal data, we use Standard Contractual Clauses approved by
the European Commission to ensure adequate protection.
For further information, including a copy of the safeguards used to
protect your personal data, please contact us as indicated in section 4.2.
below.
2.4 Use of Cookies
We may collect personal data via cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies are small text files placed in the browser of your computer (or
other digital device used) by websites that you visit. They are widely used to
make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information
to the owners of the website.
We
may use cookies which are required for technical reasons and for which we do
not require your consent.
They cannot be refused if you wish to visit the website
or app since they are strictly necessary for its proper functioning.
In addition, our website or app uses other
cookies that are not qualified as necessary and require your consent.
When you visit our website or app for the
first time, the entry page will show information on privacy through a “cookie
banner” allowing you to manage your cookies preferences and provide your
consent to the use of specific cookies as well as to reject them.
For additional information
about specific cookies
click here
To set your cookie preferences click on “Manage Preferences” on the bottom of this page
2.5 Links to third party websites
On
certain areas of the website and app, we may provide links to third parties
websites, which are not subject to this Privacy Notice. These links are
provided as a convenience to you; however please be aware that we do not
control such third parties or their websites and that those third parties will
have a different privacy notice applying to information collected from you when
you are on those third parties’ websites. We encourage you read the privacy
notices of all websites carefully before providing personal data.
3.
How do we
protect your personal data?
3.1 Storage duration
We retain your personal data in accordance with our Data Retention Policy
only for
as long as necessary
to
fulfill the purposes described in
section
2
above or in accordance with statutory limitation periods for claims.
3.2 Security of your data
We have implemented technical
and organizational measures in accordance with standard industry practices to
ensure an appropriate level of security of the Personal Data processed.
Nevertheless, security requires efforts from all actors involved. We thus
encourage you to contribute to these efforts by taking appropriate security
measures yourself, including using strong passwords and keeping all usernames
and passwords (if any) confidential.
3.3 Automated decision
making
We do not
process your personal data to make you subject to decisions based solely on automated
processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or
similarly significantly affects you.
3.4 Children
The website is not intended for or directed to children. We do not
collect any information from children. If you believe your child has provided
us with personal data, please contact us
using the
contact information provided in Section 4 below.
4.
You can contact us
4.1 What are your rights?
The GDPR grants individual
certain rights with respect to their personal data. Consequently, we are at
your disposal to help you to benefit from these rights. Except as limited by
applicable law and subject to applicability, the following rights are granted
to individuals:
Right of access
: the right to be informed about
and to obtain access to the personal data processed about you.
Right to rectification
: the right to obtain that we
rectify or update your personal data when they are inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure
: the right to obtain that we
delete your personal data.
Right to restriction
of processing: the right
to obtain that we limit the processing of all or part of your personal data.
Right to object
: the right to object at
any time to the processing of your personal data for reasons relating to your situation;
the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for direct
marketing purposes by
using the opt-out procedure provided in any promotional message you
receive from us.
Please note that opting out
from receiving promotional messages will not prevent you from receiving
information that relates to any contract you may have
entered
into
with us.
Right to data portability
: the right to receive a
copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit such
personal data for use by a third-party service; and
Right to object to
automated decision making
: the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on
automated processing, including profiling, producing legal effects concerning
you or significantly affecting you in a similar way.
These rights may be
limited, for example, if the execution of your request reveals personal data of
another person, or if you ask us to delete information that we are required to
retain by law or because of compelling legitimate interests.
Once we have asked for your consent, you may withdraw it at any time
without justification. If you request to withdraw your consent, this will not
affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
At any time, you may exercise your rights by
fulfilling a specific request form accessible on our dedicated
Data Subject Rights online platform
or
send an email at
privacy@ebu.ch
Finally, as a data subject,
you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (in
the European Union Member State of your usual residence, or your place of work,
or the place of the breach) if you consider that the processing of your
personal data violates the applicable legislation on the protection of personal
data.
4.2 How to contact
us
If you have any questions
about this Privacy Notice, please contact our Data Protection Officer by
sending us an e-mail to
dpo@ebu.ch
or by writing to us at EBU,
Data Protection Officer,
L'Ancienne
-Route 17A 1218 Grand-
Saconnex
(Geneva), Switzerland.
4.3 Representative in the
European Union
We
have designated the following entity as our representative in the EU:
EBU UER AISBL, Avenue des Arts 56, 1000 Brussels,
Belgium as our representative in the European Union. You can therefore also
submit your requests to our EU Representative.
Effective date and changes
This Privacy Notice is in
effect since November 25
th
, 2023. We reserve the right, at our
complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy
Notice at any time. You should check back periodically at this page to read the
most recent version of this Privacy Notice as your continued visit and use of
Eurovision Sport website and app
following the posting of
changes to these terms will mean you acknowledge these changes.
_______________________