Privacy Policy
Question.AI Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 22 2023
Updated date:
September 6, 2023
Preamble Question.AI
This QuestionAI
Privacy Policy
(as amended from time to time, the “Policy”) applies to “QuestionAI”, an online learning tool for middle school and college students, as well as related contents, tools, features and functionality (together,
               the “Services”). This Policy is hereby formulated by Us in accordance with applicable laws to protect the security of personal information about You and/or Your child. We will provide a child user with our Services only after his/her parent or guardian
               has read this Policy, fully acknowledged and agreed to all the contents specified hereunder, and given consent required by applicable laws. Unless otherwise permitted or required by law, We will not collect, use, or disclose any personal information of
               a child user without obtaining consent from that child’s parent or guardian. Parents can review personal information collected about the child, have the information deleted, and request us to discontinue collection or use of the child’s personal information.
This Policy sets out why, how and what personal information We collect, use, store, process, share, transfer and publicly disclose about You and/or Your child, the information security protection measures We take, and the rights We honor for Your access,
               update, deletion and control of Your and/or Your child’s personal information. Please read this Policy in combination with QuestionAI Terms and Conditions. If You do not agree to this Policy, You shall stop using QuestionAI and/or our Services. We reserve
               the right to amend this Policy at any time and from time to time, and we encourage You to regularly review this Policy to get the latest revision. If You do not accept the Policy as amended, You shall stop using QuestionAI and/or our Services.
By accessing and/or using QuestionAI or accepting this Policy, You confirm to Us that You are either an adult at or over the age of majority in your jurisdiction, or a child under your parent or legal guardian’s supervision while using QuestionAI, and
               that You have the right, authority, capacity or consent to access and/or use QuestionAI and agree to abide by this Policy.
This Policy is an electronic contract formed under applicable laws, as may be amended from time to time. This Policy does not require any physical, electronic or digital signature.
Please read this Policy carefully. By using QuestionAI and/or our Services, You agree and acknowledge that You understand, agree and consent to this Policy and to the collection, use, process, share, transfer and disclosure of information about You and/or Your child that You have provided or may in the future provide to Us, Our subsidiaries and/or Our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy and in accordance with this Policy.
TABLE OF CONTENT
1 How We collect and use personal information about You and/or Your Child
2 How We use cookies/similar technologies
3 How We subcontract the processing, share, transfer or publicly disclose personal information about You and/or Your Child
4 How You can manage personal information about You and/or Your Child
5 How We keep personal information about You and/or Your Child secure
6 How We retain personal information about You and/or Your Child
7 How We protect children's personal information
8 International transfer of personal information about You and/or Your Child
9 How We update this Policy
10 How to contact Us
1 How We collect and use personal information about You and/or Your child
We will collect personal information from You and/or Your child for the purpose hereof in line with the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity and transparency. If We use personal information about You and/or Your child for any purpose other than
               those contained herein, or collect personal information from You and/or Your child for any other purposes, We will notify You in a reasonable manner and obtain Your consent as required under applicable laws prior to such use or collection. We do not require
               You or Your child to disclose more information than reasonably necessary.
We may synchronize Your and/or Your child’s personal information on Your different mobile devices to provide You and/or Your child with smooth user experience.
1.1 Personal information You provide during use of QuestionAI
1.1.1 In order to provide certain basic features, it is necessary for Us to collect some personal information from You and/or Your child, and if You refuse to provide such information, You will not be able to use such features.
1.1.2 You specifically agree that We shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received through QuestionAI. By registering, you consent to provide
               information including Personal Data.
“Personal Data” means any data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that data; or (b) from that data or other information to which we have or are likely to have access, including data in our records as may be updated
               from time to time.
Personal Data also includes “Sensitive Personal Data”, which may include information about an individual's race, ethnic origin, marital status, age, color, and religious, philosophical or political affiliations, health, education, genetic or sexual life
               of a person, or to any proceeding for any offense committed or alleged to have been committed by such person, the disposal of such proceedings, or the sentence of any court in such proceedings; any information sued by government agencies peculiar to an
               individual which includes, but not limited to social security numbers, previous or current health records, licenses or its denials, suspension or revocation.
1.1.3 We respect the privacy of users and are committed to reasonably protect it in all material respects. You agree that we may collect the following Personal Data about You and/or Your child:
Information supplied by You and/or Your child
Information automatically collected during Your use
Information collected based on the consent that You have given
Information collected from any other sources in line with this Policy (e.g., third party providers or social media platforms).
1.1.4 While using QuestionAI and/or our Services, We may ask You to provide us with certain Personal Data. The Personal Data that We may collect include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Username
Uploaded pictures or input text
Credit card number and payment records
Device information
Log information
1.1.5 In order to provide, maintain and improve QuestionAI and/or our Services, We require certain information (including Personal Data) and may obtain Your and/or Your child's Personal Data when You register for an account with Us, when You and/or Your
               Child express an interest in obtaining information about Us or QuestionAI and/or our Services, when You and/or Your Child participate in activities on our platform or otherwise contact Us. Personal Data may be collected in various ways including during
               the course specified below.
If You provide Personal Data that is not about You and/or Your child, please ensure that You have obtained proper authorization from the concerned data subject.
The following subcategories describe the extent to which Your data is required.
1.1.5.1 Registration
When You register an account in QuestionAI as a new user, You are required to provide Us with Your email address, and We will send a verification code to Your email address, to activate Your account. Pursuant to applicable laws and for the purpose of
               security assurance, if You do not provide Your email address, the registration will fail, and as a result, You will not be able to use certain features of QuestionAI, but You may browse the contents and use the answer-searching feature that are available
               to unregistered users.
1.1.5.2 Profile creation
To ensure that You and/or Your child have a pleasant experience with QuestionAI, You can, but are not required to provide a username to create a profile for You and/or Your child. If You do not create a profile for You and/or Your child with such optional
               information, it will not impair the basic functions.
1.1.5.3 Answer-Searching
When you use the “Answer-Searching” feature, you can choose from the following two measures to find the answer, 1) taking a picture or choosing a picture of the question from your album and uploading to QuestionAI; 2) Enter the question you want to search
               directly to find the corresponding answer. To use this feature, it is necessary to collect the picture or the text input. If You do not provide access to your pictures or text inputs, We may not be able to offer you this feature.
1.1.5.4 Online Payment
We offer value-added VIP Q&A Services as a quicker approach for You and /or Your child to find answers. To use this feature, You need to pay in the one of the following four ways, 1) by credit card; 2) through a third party (such as Gopay, Dana,
               Shopee Pay, Shopee, Alipay, Apple Pay and Google Pay); 3) bank transfer; 4) purchase time card from the offline store. During and after Your payment, We may collect Your financial information such as bank account, credit or debit card number, payment
               records or other payment-related data.
1.1.5.5 VIP Q&A Service
If you pay and use the VIP Q&A Service, we will collect Your record of communication with our online tutor. If You do not allow us to collect the aforesaid information, it may hinder Our ability to provide You and/or Your child with our value-added
               service, but will not impair the basic functions.
1.1.1.6 Customer service
When You need customer service related to QuestionAI through the contact information provided in Section 10, You must provide Us with Your account information so that We can verify Your user identity in order to keep Your account and system secure. During
               verification, You must also provide Us with relevant evidentiary materials (including but not limited to picture or text) and contact information. If You do not provide the aforesaid information, We may not be able to respond to You promptly, however,
               it will not impair the basic functions.
1.2 Personal information automatically collected during use of QuestionAI
To safeguard the security of Your account and better serve You and/or Your child, We will collect and use the following information generated during use of QuestionAI and/or our Services by You and/or Your child as long as it is in compliance with applicable
               laws.
1.2.1 Device information
When You and/or Your child use QuestionAI, We will collect certain device information, IDFA (for iOS only), IDFV (for iOS only), Android ID (for Android only). Such information is the unique identification of the device, and We may combine it with other
               personal information We collect so that We can provide You with consistent services.
1.2.2 Log information
When You and/or Your child use QuestionAI, We will automatically collect and save the network logs, including browser type, browsing records, network diagnosis, so that We can evaluate the use of QuestionAI, optimize it and provide You with better service.
1.3 Personal information We obtain from a third party about You and/Your child
1.3.1 We may collect and use personal information about You and/or Your Child from a third party upon Your consent. We process Your and/or Your child’s personal information in accordance with the contract with the third party and applicable laws, and
               We ask that You carefully read the privacy policy and user agreement of such third party. Your refusal to a third party’s collection, use or sending of Your personal information may result in Your failure to use QuestionAI. Please note that We do not
               condition Your use of Our services on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary.
1.3.2 Log in through a third party account: when You log in with social media plug-in, You will be redirected to the website of the third-party platform, where You can register or log into an account thereof. When logging in through the registered account
               of a permitted third party, Your profile of that third-party account will be bound with an automatically created QuestionAI account. Currently, We offer social media sign-in for Google and Apple users. Through the link between two accounts, We only collect
               name and profile picture from the third-party account. Please note that even if the third-party provider may collect Your device version, system version, generated ID, phone style, phone name, iccid (for iOS only), bssid(for iOS only), MAC(for iOS only),
               IMSI(for iOS only), IMEI (for iOS only) for their purpose, these information will not be needed and transferred to us.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites and mobile applications or any services offered by such third parties. You agree that We shall not be liable for any breach of Your and/or Your child’s privacy of Personal Data or loss incurred by Your use of such websites or services.
1.3.3 Payment through a third party: when You pay for value-added service through a third party, such as Alipay, We will collect your name, profile picture and Your payment record from the third party.
Personal information collected depending on the permissions that You have enabled:
photos/storage: collecting the photos that users uploaded to help users to search the answers (photos will be uploaded to Our back-end server).
Internet: viewing WLAN state and network connections to optimize Internet access by cellular network status.
camera: taking photos and videos for searching answers to the questions.
identity: finding other third-party accounts (Google account or Apple account) bound on an Android device to help users to login through a third-party account.
Please note that We will also request permissions for flashlight and wake lock, which will not collect any of Your Personal Information.
1.4 Exceptions in acquiring Your consent
Subject to applicable laws, We may not need to obtain Your consent when We collect and use personal information about You and/or Your child only if:
1.4.1 It is related to performance of the obligations required by applicable laws;
1.4.2 It is directly related to national security;
1.4.3 It is directly related to public safety, public health, and significant public interests;
1.4.4 It is directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment, or is required by the competent authorities or other circumstances required by applicable laws including but not limited to in response to court orders
               and subpoenas;
1.4.5 It is required for safeguarding Your or any other User’s life, property and other significant legal interests but it is difficult to obtain Your consent, or We have reason to believe that someone is or may be causing injury to or interference with
               Our rights or property, other Users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities;
1.4.6 The information was made available to the general public by You;
1.4.7 It is necessary for execution and performance of a contract between You and Us per Your request;
1.4.8 The information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed channels, such as legal news reports, published government information or other channels;
1.4.9 It is necessary for maintaining the operation of QuestionAI and/or our Services, such as troubleshooting, discovering and resolving issues in relation with any QuestionAI and/or our Services; or
1.4.10 Other circumstances specified or permitted under applicable laws.
2 How We use cookies/similar technologies
This cookie section describes the cookies and similar technologies that will be applied in QuestionAI.
A cookie is a data file, which often includes a unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web server and is then stored on the hard drive of the device you are using to browse the app.
We only use strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the app and use its features, such as remember your log-in status and accessing secure areas of the app. Without these cookies, services you have
               asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not contain any personal information. We use these cookies to remember the way You logged in (by email or by Google or Apple) and provide service accordingly.
3 How We subcontract the processing, share, transfer or publicly disclose personal information about You and/or Your child
3.1 Subcontract the processing
To provide You and/or Your child with integral services with higher quality, some features may be provided by Our technical service providers, and We may therefore subcontract the processing of personal information to such service providers. We will
               enter into a strict confidentiality agreement and data processing agreement respectively with relevant service providers in the formality of companies, organizations or individuals to which (or whom) We subcontract the processing of personal information
               about You and/or Your child. The agreements specify the responsibilities of the parties, the matters to be processed, and the period, nature and purpose of processing, and We also require these service providers to process personal information only as
               per Our request, this Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
3.2 Share
We will only collect and use personal information about You and/or Your child for such purpose and within such scope as set out herein or as required by applicable laws. We will keep such information strictly confidential. Except as otherwise provided
               by applicable laws, We will not share personal information about You and/or Your child with a third-party organization or individual unless:
3.2.1 You propose the request for doing so or We obtained Your prior express authorization or consent;
3.2.2 It is related to Our performance of the obligations provided by applicable laws;
3.2.3 It is directly related to national security;
3.2.4 It is directly related to public safety, public health, and significant public interests;
3.2.5 It is directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment, or is required by the competent or law enforcement authorities or other circumstances required by applicable laws including but not limited to in response
               to court orders and subpoenas;
3.2.6 It is required for safeguarding Your and/or Your child’s life, property and other significant legal interests, but it is difficult to obtain Your consent, or We have reason to believe that someone is or may be causing injury to or interference
               with Our rights or property, other Users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities;
3.2.7 The information was made available to the general public by You;
3.2.8 The information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed channels, such as legal news reports, published government information or other channels;
3.2.9 It is shared with Our business partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, service providers, and other third parties We use to support Our business in compliance with the provisions of this Policy, as may be needed.
Please note: except as otherwise provided herein, We share personal information about You and/or Your child only for the purpose of providing You and/Your child with QuestionAI and/or our Services. Besides, We will not share personal information that
               can be used to directly identify You and/or Your child, unless otherwise provided by applicable laws.
Specifically, to provide You with integral QuestionAI and/or our Services with higher quality, some services may be provided by Our partners, and therefore, We may share some personal information about You and/or Your child with such partners. Any such
               partner is deemed as an independent data controller who has been asked to obtain Your consent in its own name to process Your personal information. The partner(s) may have their independent privacy policies and user service agreements, and We suggest
               You to read them carefully and then make judgement after you have fully aware and acknowledged the provisions therein. Your refusal of Our partners' collection of personal information necessary during provision of services may result in Your failure to
               use certain functions contained in QuestionAI that are provided by such partners.
3.2.10 Other circumstances specified or permitted under applicable laws
3.3 Transfer of Control
In principle, We will not transfer the right to control the personal information about You and/or Your child to any other company, organization or individual, provided that transfer is required as below circumstances arise. We will notify You of the
               purpose of such transfer, the type of the information and the recipient of the information prior to such transfer (We will also notify You of the contents of any sensitive information involved), and proceed with such transfer after obtaining Your consent,
               unless otherwise provided by applicable laws.
3.3.1 You propose the request for doing so or We obtained Your prior express authorization or consent;
3.3.2 It is related to Our performance of the obligations required by applicable laws;
3.3.3 It is directly related to national security;
3.3.4 It is directly related to public safety, public health, and significant public interests;
3.3.5 It is directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment or is required by the competent or law enforcement authorities or other circumstances required by applicable laws including but not limited to in response
               to court orders and subpoenas;
3.3.6 It is required for safeguarding Your and/or Your child’s life, property and other significant legal interests, but it is difficult to obtain Your own consent, or We have reason to believe that someone is or may be causing injury to or interference
               with Our rights or property, other Users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities;
3.3.7 The information was made available to the general public by You;
3.3.8 The information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed channels, such as legal news reports, published government information or other channels;
3.3.9 The company is subject to merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, or the operating entity is changed.
3.4 Disclosure for compliance with applicable laws
In principle, We will not release any personal information about You and/or Your child, unless required by applicable laws. We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable laws, governmental requests,
               a judicial proceeding, court order and subpoenas, or other legal requirement.
4 How You can manage personal information about You and/or Your child
4.1 Access or correct personal information about You and/or Your child
4.1.1 You have the right to log into and access Your account at any time to view personal information about You and/or Your child, including Your account information and Your and/or Your Child's profile. If You discover that the personal information
               We collect, store, use and disclose about You and/or Your Child is incorrect, or any circumstance provided by applicable laws arises, You may correct personal information about You and/or Your Child as provided below.
4.1.2 If You want to correct personal information about You and/or Your child, You may contact Us through the contact information provided in Section 10, and We will respond to You upon verification of Your identity, unless otherwise provided by applicable
               laws or stipulations herein.
4.1.3 You must ensure that personal information about You and/or Your child is accurate and complete. As such, please inform Us of any changes to You and/or Your Child's personal information.
4.2 Delete personal information about You and/or Your child
4.2.1 You may request Us to delete personal information about You and/or Your child in the following circumstances, unless the data has been anonymized or otherwise provided by applicable laws:
4.2.1.1 We collect, store, use, transfer, or disclose personal information about You and/or Your child in violation of applicable laws or agreements with You;
4.2.1.2 We collect, store, use, transfer or disclose personal information about You and/or Your child beyond the purpose, scope or a necessary period as agreed hereunder;
4.2.1.3 You withdraw Your consent and/or authorization;
4.2.1.4 You terminate Your use of QuestionAI and/or our Services through cancellation of Your account.
4.2.1.5 Other circumstances specified in applicable laws arise.
4.2.3 Upon Our response to the deletion request, the personal information about You and/or Your child will be deleted.
4.2.4 Unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws, please note that We may not delete relevant personal information from the backup system immediately but will do so when the backup system is updated or upgraded.
4.3 Change the scope of Your consent
4.3.1 Please note that You are required to provide Us with some basic personal information of You and/or Your child to use QuestionAI. If You want to withdraw certain consent, You may go to the "Settings" menu of your mobile device. If the foregoing
               fails, You may contact Us through the contact information provided in Section 10.
4.3.2 After You change the scope of Your consent, We will no longer collect and use the personal information about You and/or Your child, but please understand that after You change the scope of Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with related
               services. Your change to the scope of Your consent or withdrawal of Your consent will not affect Our processing and storage of personal information about You and/or Your child based on Your prior consent unless You request to delete such information.
4.4 Delete Your account
4.4.1 Unless otherwise provided by applicable laws or agreed on herein, You may go to “Profile”, and then click “Settings” – “Delete My Account” to delete Your account.
4.4.2 Please note that after Your account is deleted, We will immediately delete or anonymize personal information about You and/or Your child unless otherwise required by applicable laws. Please note that We may not delete such information from the
               backup system immediately but will do so when the backup system is updated or upgraded.
4.4.3
Deletion of Your account is irretrievable, and upon deletion, We will no longer collect personal information about You and/or Your child or provide You with our Services. We suggest You be cautious when choosing to delete Your account.
4.5 Obtain copies of personal information about You and/or Your child
4.5.1 If You need copies of the user profiles and/or learning records about You and/or Your Child, You may contact Us through the contact information provided in Section 10.
4.5.2 We may also supply personal information about You and/or Your child to a third party as reasonably requested by You where it is technically feasible.
4.6 Respond to Your requests
4.6.1 To exercise the User rights set out in Sections 4.1-4.5, please contact Us through the contact information provided in Section 10. For security reasons, We may ask You to verify Your identity before processing Your request. In general, We will
               reply to Your request as soon as possible and generally no more than 30 days upon receipt of Your request and verification of Your identity.
4.6.2 In general, We do not charge any fee for dealing with Your requests as long as they are reasonable. We may refuse any requests that are not directly associated with You and Your child or are repetitive without good causes, need excessive technical
               investment (for example, to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing business practices), or threaten legal interests of others, or that are unpractical.
4.6.3 If You have any question, comment or suggestion about Your rights as a data subject, please contact Us through
info@questionai.net
.
5 How We keep personal information about You and/or Your child secure
We use appropriate organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information We collect and process about You and/or Your child. We have adopted protection measures at multiple levels, such as industry-standard technical
               security measures as well as supporting organizational structures and management systems, to prevent personal information about You and/or Your child from leakage, destruction, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure or change to a maximum
               extent.
The security of Your and/or Your child's personal information is important to Us, but please be reminded that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
In the event a data breach has occurred, We shall carry out an assessment of the data breach in a reasonable and expeditious manner to determine whether the data breach is a notifiable data breach. If the data breach is a notifiable data breach, i.e.
               it results in, or is likely to result in, significant harm to affected individual; or is, or is likely to be, of a significant scale, We shall notify the applicable authorities and You of the breach as soon as it is practicable to do so, and in any event,
               no later than 14 days after establishing that the data breach is notifiable.
In accordance with applicable laws, the name and contact details of the data compliance and management officer is as follows:
Contact: Hendry
Email:
info@questionai.net
6 How We retain personal information about You and/or Your child
6.1 Personal information about You and/or Your child will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes of Your authorized use, unless otherwise provided herein and/or required by applicable laws.
6.2 If the operation is stopped for any other reason, We will notify You of the same, stop collecting personal information from You and/or Your child and delete or anonymize the personal information already collected, unless otherwise required by applicable
               laws.
6.3 We will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of QuestionAI, or We are legally obligated
               to retain this data for longer time periods.
6.4 We reserve the right to retain the aggregated and anonymized data derived from the Personal Data collected from the users, for any purposes (commercial and non-commercial) as We deem fit and proper.
6.5 Such anonymous data may be derived from Your and/or Your child’s Personal Data, but will not be considered Personal Data at law if it will not be linked to You and/or Your child personally and cannot be used to identify You and/or Your child.
6.6 When the Personal Data is no longer relevant for the purposes above, we will delete or destroy your Personal Data, and will notify you about such deletion.
7 How We protect children's personal information
You confirm and undertake that You are the parent of the child who uses QuestionAI or an adult user who is at/above the legal age threshold in your jurisdiction. If You do not acknowledge and agree to this Policy, please do not continue using QuestionAI and/or our Services and We will not collect personal information about You and/or Your child.
8 International transfer of personal information about You and/or Your child
Subject to applicable laws, personal information about You and/or Your child may be transferred and processed outside of your local jurisdiction. We will endeavor to ensure appropriate safeguards in place so that your personal information will remain
               protected in accordance with this Policy.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls
               in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
9 How We update this Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes to this Policy. These changes form part of this Policy.
Please read the updated Policy carefully. If You do not acknowledge and agree to this Policy, or if You have any objection to the modification or update of this Policy, You may choose to cancel Your account and no longer use QuestionAI. However, please note that Your records and activities before You cancel Your account or stop using Our Service are still subject to this Policy.
10 How to contact Us
We have established a department dedicated to personal information protection and specially appointed a person to be responsible for child users’ personal information protection. If You have any question concerning privacy protection during Your use
               of QuestionAI, You may contact us through the following means:
(1) Log in to QuestionAI Help Center for assistance;
(2) Send an email to
info@questionai.net
; or
(3) Send mail to 152 Beach Road #11-05 Gateway East Singapore (189721).
We will reply to You as soon as possible upon receipt of Your message and verification of Your identity.