In a nutshell:
You do not have to register, to use our products and/or services;
We do not ask for any personally identifiable information such as your e-mail address, unless you will be contacting our support team;
We do not record your IP address.
We do not have access to your cookies or saved passwords.
We have implemented a variety of procedures to protect your privacy when you are using our services, including but not limited to our
					products, websites, applications and/or other services.
However in order to enhance the experience, we may collect some information about you. This collection is only made for lawful purposes. We
					will never ask for any information that will personally identify you.
With this Privacy Policy we will try and explain what kind of information we collect, how this is processed and what we do to protect it. By
					using our software and/or services, you hereby agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
1. Information collected by Preço Fresco APP
None of your personal information is needed in order to download and use our software and/or services. When you download and/or use our
					software and/or website and/or services, we receive some standard information that web browsers typically make available such as: browser
					type, language preferences, referring site and date and time of each visitor request. This non-personal information is collected to give us
					a better understanding as to how you use our software and/or services. We might – from time to time – release some non-personal information
					for statistical purposes, such as compiling and publishing a report about our website usage trends.
Manually entered information: Some of your personal information is provided by you, when you want to access certain of our services. You
					will be informed beforehand on what you will be required to provide. The choice on whether to send personal information to us is up to you.
If you give get in touch with us for any reason, you will do so by e-mail or via in-app feedback form. During that process we will collect
					your name and e-mail address as well as the contents of the e-mail sent to us, so that we can review it and where needed reply.
In case you contact our support services, you might need to provide to us additional information such as your operating system and version
					and other information that we might request to enable us to solve any problems.
* It is however your choice on whether you will send personal information to us or not.
Usege statistics:
This is Non-Personal Information. The Application includes functionality to send Preço Fresco non-personal usage,
					performance, and responsiveness statistics about user interface features and hardware configuration. Usage statistics
					are transmitted help us improve future versions of the Application. Once sent to Preço Fresco, usage statistics are
					stored in an aggregate format so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user.
					We use the following third-party SDK in the app to provide the best user experience and make the app better: Firebase Analytics
Crash-Reporting Feature:
This is Non-Personal Information. The Application has a crash-reporting feature that sends a log report to Preço Fresco’s support when the Application crashes. Preço Fresco uses the information in the crash reports to diagnose and
					correct the problems in the Application that caused the crash.
					We use the following third-party SDK in the app to provide the best user experience and make the app better: Firebase Crashlytics
Access to the Camera:
The app use this permission in order to provide functionality of QR code scanner built-it in the app.
2. Information Protection
We are committed to protect and keep secure your personal information. To achieve this we use various industry-standard technologies,
					processes and procedures to protect your personal information from any unauthorized access, use, dissemination or disclosure. We have put in
					place strict processes and restrictions on who can access user data. Only a handful of people have clearance to access user data, and our
					safety measures are continuously updated. You should be aware however that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage
					is 100% secure. Therefore even though we take all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information, we cannot completely
					guarantee its absolute security.
3. Use of the information collected
Generally speaking personal information submitted to us is either used to respond to user feedback and/or requests or to help us strengthen
					user experience. Personal information can be used in the following ways:
To improve our Preço Fresco Services Management;
To improve our Preço Fresco Services Experience;
For editorial and feedback purposes;
To statistically analyze user preference;
To improve content and assist with product development;
To provide your information to third parties if we will be obligated to do so by rule of law.
Use of information collected by Preço Fresco: Generally speaking we use collected information to provide our software and/or services to
					you. We will also use them to improve and personalize your use of our software and/or services.
We might also use the information we collect for statistical purposes and for generating special reports (for example to detect any possible
					technical problems or monitor performance). Any analysis is done anonymously in a manner which individual users cannot be tracked or traced.
Other situations where disclosure might happen:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other
						government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such
						cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We reserve the right, but do not undertake a duty, to notify
						you of court orders, subpoenas or other legal process if allowed. If you do not want us to respond to legal process compelling us to
						disclose your information, you need to obtain a valid order permitting us to refuse to disclose it and serve the order on us at least 3
						business days before the response deadline.
When we consider disclosure to be the suitable course of action in connection with efforts to investigate or prevent illegal activities,
						suspected fraud or other wrongdoing as well as to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our organization, our users, our
						employees, or others and to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or to enforce our terms and conditions
						or other agreements or policies.
In the event of a considerable business transaction, such as the sale of our business or part therefor, a divestiture, merger,
						consolidation, reorganization, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, including to prospective or actual purchasers in
						connection with any of these transactions.
We might share gathered but non-personally identifiable information publicly so as to show trends about the general use of our services.
4. Viewing, changing or removing your personal information
You can view your personal information and change them at any time as necessary. When doing so, we might ask you to verify your identity
					first. Certain legal requirements oblige us to store the information we collect, even after you terminate our services.
Technical reasons might make it difficult and/or impossible for us to verify whether you have stopped using our software and/or our
					services. For mobile applications –currently- it will be virtually impossible to verify whether you have deleted an application or not. In
					these instances, we reserve the right to remove your account and the information you have provided us if you have not used our software
					and/or services for an extended period of time.
5. Changes to our privacy policy
We will be revising, updating and changing our privacy policy from time to time. Any time we do so, the revised and/or updated and/or
					changed privacy policy will be posted on our site. By agreeing to use and by continually agreeing to use our software and/or services you
					hereby agree to review our privacy policy from time to time and make yourself aware of any modifications. If at any point you do not agree
					to the terms of our privacy policy, then you should not be using our software and/or our services.
6. The UX improvement program
This is a program whereby we collect users’ behavioral data anonymously. This includes: which features a user uses and how often, how an
					application is used and similar.
Participation in the UX improvement program is voluntary. You can enable this option via the Settings menu.
7. Any questions?
Please drop us a line at:
support@precofresco.app
Enjoy the experience!