Accept
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies
OUR SITE
​Access to the website is conditional on your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. When you log on and use our website, this implies consent to this Privacy Policy. As new and fascinating things always happen in the online world, we will update our Privacy Policy accordingly to reflect these changes. Your continued use of the website following an amendment to the Privacy Policy will confirm your acceptance of these revisions.
​GDPR & PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY​
​
ACM Takeaway Ltd t/a The Fairview Grill is committed to the protection of your personal information while you are on our site. We treat your privacy with utmost priority. We work on a trust-based relationship with our clients. We are committed to the appropriate use of personal information and to protecting the privacy of personal information in our care.
What information we collect
In order to serve you we collect personal information which is required to facilitate your online order For example we may collect your name, contact information and address. We will assume that you have consented to the collection of all information and understand the uses of this information for online ordering process.
How we collect data
Your personal information is collected directly from you whether through our website, in person, by telephone, email and social media or any other contact we or our business partners may have with you. Your data is collected when you complete your order or use our contact forms.​
​Use of the information
We use personal information in relation to processing your online orders. We use some of the personal information obtained for ensuring an easier and seamless ordering and billing experience. Our commitment is to utilise data gathered to offer you a better online experience.
Our communication and use of personal information may also include our ongoing commitment to developing our service will involve surveys, social media, promotions and competitions so we can create new platforms to best meet your needs and develop a better service for you and others.
Storing Information​
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide our services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing client personal data, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations. We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable security and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.
COOKIES​
Cookies are used for the website to send certain information to your browser and for your browser to return the information at a later time. We can use this information for things like, authenticating, or identifying a user session (such as a previous online order), user preference or any other function that can be completed through storing text data. This kind of function does not include information that personally identifies you.
We also use cookies that record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. Google and other third parties may also use their own cookies during your visit.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. Your browser may have settings so you can refuse cookies. De-activating cookies may mean that you will no longer be able to enjoy the full operational capabilities of the website and you may not be able to see information that is directly relevant to you. For you to get the most from the user experience on our site, we collect certain information or “cookies”. What this means is that when you opt for certain preferences we assign you cookies and these are stored on your browser to give you an optimum user experience on our website. This information does not contain personally identifiable information and such as your name, address, email address or telephone number.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Subject to this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any information to companies that are not affiliated with our business without your consent in writing, unless otherwise required by law, or unless such disclosure is, in our opinion, reasonably necessary to protect its rights or property, or to avoid injury to any person. Should you navigate away from our site, third party sites will include different Privacy Policies and our  Fairview Grill Privacy Policy will no longer apply.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, you agree under the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use that we can use your data for our direct marketing campaigns. You may at any stage change your mind by opting out using the "unsubscribe" link attached to any of our email marketing campaigns. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.​​​​​​​
It looks like cookies on your browser are disabled or they do not operate properly.
Some of the items in our menu are available only for adults.
Are you an adult person?
Yes
No