Loading...
Hvala Vam na strpljenju dok obrađujemo Vašu rezervaciju!
Do 10% popusta na Vaše rezervacije
Nagradni euri za svaku rezervaciju
Ekskluzivne pogodnosti krojene po Vašoj mjeri
Politika privatnosti
Valamar Riviera d.d., sa sjedištem u Poreču, Hrvatska, Stancija Kaligari 1, OIB: 36201212847 (u daljnjem tekstu: „VALAMAR RIVIERA“ ili „mi“ ili „naš“), poštuje privatnost svake osobe čije osobne podatke prikuplja. U Politici privatnosti željeli bismo Vas obavijestiti o tome koje osobne podatke VALAMAR RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade prikuplja, u koju svrhu, kako ih štitimo i koja su Vaša prava. VALAMAR RIVIERA u nekim slučajevima nastupa kao voditelj obrade i za ispitanike koji su ujedno ispitanici društava s kojima VALAMAR RIVIERA ima sklopljene poduzetničke ugovore na temelju kojih upravlja turističkim dijelom poslovanja u okviru svojih ovlasti na temelju tih ugovora.
U slučaju rezervacije smještaja putem internetske stranice www.valamar.com Vaš voditelj obrade je VALAMAR RIVIERA, a može biti i Imperial Riviera d.d. sa sjedištem u Rabu, Hrvatska, Jurja Barakovića 2, OIB: 90896496260 managed by Valamar, HELIOS FAROS d.d. sa sjedištem u Starom Gradu (Grad Stari Grad), Hrvatska, Naselje Helios 5, OIB: 48594515409 managed by Valamar, Valamar Riviera d.d., Zweigniederlassung Austria, sa sjedištem u Obertauernu, Austrija, Gamsleitenstraße 6, FN: 583355 a, ovisno u kojem objektu odsjedate.
SAZNAJTE VIŠE
Dodatne informacije o obradi osobnih podataka i Vašim pravima možete pronaći u politikama privatnosti u nastavku.
Valamar Riviera d.d.
Helios Faros d.d.
Imperial Riviera d.d.
Valamar Riviera d.d. politika privatnosti
Studeni, 2024.
Valamar Riviera dioničko društvo za turizam,
sa sjedištem u Republici Hrvatskoj, u Poreču, na adresi Stancija Kaligari 1, vodeća je hrvatska turistička kompanija koja upravlja hotelima, ljetovalištima i kamping ljetovalištima u poznatim turističkim destinacijama - u Istri, na otocima Krku, Rabu i Hvaru, u Makarskoj i Dubrovniku te u Obertauernu u Austriji. Valamar Riviera poštuje privatnost svake osobe čije osobne podatke obrađuje. U okviru ove Politike privatnosti, željeli bismo Vas obavijestiti o tome koje osobne podatke Valamar Riviera kao voditelj obrade prikuplja i obrađuje, u koju svrhu, kako ih štitimo i koja su Vaša prava.
Radi lakšeg snalaženja i bržeg dohvata informacije koju tražite, omogućili smo da klikom na naslov sadržaja brže dođete do teme koja vas zanima. U općem dijelu su naša općenita pravila koja se primjenjuju na svaku obradu osobnih podataka, dok smo u posebnom dijelu naveli naše najčešće slučajeve obrade osobnih podataka koji predstavljaju glavninu svih naših obrada.
SADRŽAJ
OPĆI DIO
VODITELJ OBRADE I ZAKONSKI OKVIR
OPSEG PRIMJENE
SLUŽBENIK ZA ZAŠTITU PODATAKA
NAČELA ZAŠTITE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
ZAKONITOST OBRADE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
VRSTE OSOBNIH PODATAKA KOJI SE OBRAĐUJU
DOSTAVA PODATAKA TREĆIM SUBJEKTIMA
VRIJEME ČUVANJA PODATAKA
OBRADA OSOBNIH PODATAKA DJECE
IZVORI OSOBNIH PODATAKA
TEHNIČKA I INTEGRIRANA ZAŠTITA PODATAKA
POVREDE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
PRAVA ISPITANIKA
POSEBNI DIO
BORAVAK U VALAMAROVIM OBJEKTIMA (hoteli, apartmani, kampovi)
MARO IGRAONICE
MJENJAČKO MJESTO
ČLANSTVO PROGRAMA VJERNOSTI
VALAMAR EXPERIENCE CONCIERGE (VEC)
VALFRESCO
NAGRADNE IGRE I NAGRADNI NATJEČAJI
JAVNE OBJAVE
MARKETINŠKE PORUKE
SERVISNE PORUKE I UPITNICI O ZADOVOLJSTVU
INTERNETSKE STRANICE
MOBILNE APLIKACIJE
DRUŠTVENE MREŽE
KANDIDATI ZA ZAPOSLENJE I ZAPOSLENICI
SELEKCIJA KADROVA
RADNI ODNOS I OSTALI USPOREDIVI ODNOSI
POSLOVNI PARTNERI
VIDEONADZOR
ZAVRŠNE ODREDBE
OPĆI DIO
Voditelj obrade i zakonski okvir
Valamar Riviera, sa sjedištem u Republici Hrvatskoj, u Poreču, Stancija Kaligari 1, OIB: 36201212847 uključujući sve svoje podružnice putem kojih obavlja djelatnost u Republici Hrvatskoj i u Republici Austriji  (dalje: Valamar Riviera ili mi ili naš),  kao voditelj obrade, obvezuje se na zaštitu Vaših osobnih podataka. Prikupljanje i čuvanje podataka izvodi se u skladu s odredbama Uredbe EU 2016/679 Europskog parlamenta i Vijeća od 27. travnja 2016. o zaštiti pojedinaca u vezi s obradom osobnih podataka i o slobodnom kretanju takvih podataka (dalje: Uredba), Zakona o provedbi Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka (NN 42/2018) i ostalih propisa koji uređuju predmetno područje, a imaju primjenu na području obavljanja djelatnosti Valamar Riviere.
Podružnice u Republici Hrvatskoj:
Valamar Riviera d.d. Podružnica za turizam RABAC
, Rabac, Slobode 80
Valamar Riviera d.d. Podružnica za turizam ZLATNI OTOK
, Krk, Vršanska 8
Valamar Riviera d.d. Podružnica za turizam DUBROVNIK - BABIN KUK
, Dubrovnik, Vatroslava Lisinskog 15a
Valamar Riviera d.d., Podružnica za savjetovanje u vezi s poslovanjem i upravljanjem ZAGREB
, Zagreb, Miramarska cesta 24
Valamar Riviera d.d. Podružnica za turizam BRIONI
, Pula, Puntižela 155
Podružnica u Republici Austriji:
Valamar Riviera d.d., Zweigniederlassung Austria
Obertauern, Gamsleitenstraße 6, Republika Austrija, Landesgericht Salzburg FN 583355 a, VAT ID: ATU 78289647
Opseg primjene
Ova Politika privatnosti primjenjuje se na svaku obradu osobnih podataka koju obavlja Valamar Riviera kao voditelj obrade, osim ako je drugom politikom ili drugim dokumentom Valamar Riviere drukčije propisano za neku pojedinu obradu. Valamar Riviera u nekim slučajevima nastupa kao voditelj obrade i za ispitanike koji su ujedno ispitanici društava s kojima Valamar Riviera ima sklopljene ugovore o upravljanju turističkim objektima i sadržajima u okviru svojih ovlasti na temelju tih ugovora.
Ova Politika privatnosti podijeljena je na dva dijela: Opći dio i Posebni dio. Osnovna načela obrade osobnih podataka, kontakt podatci službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka i ostale odredbe određene u Općem dijelu Politike privatnosti primjenjuju se bez iznimke na svaku obradu osobnih podataka bez obzira je li takva obrada posebno obrađena u Posebnom dijelu Politike privatnosti ili ne. U Posebnom dijelu Politike privatnosti detaljnije su obrađeni posebni slučajevi obrade podataka koji predstavljaju glavninu svih naših obrada.
Službenik za zaštitu podataka
Valamar Riviera imenovala je službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka kojeg za pitanja vezana uz zaštitu osobnih podataka i za ostvarenje prava zajamčenih Uredbom svakodobno možete kontaktirati putem adrese:
dpo@valamar.com
odnosno putem pošte na adresu Valamar Riviera d.d., Stancija Kaligari 1, Poreč, Republika Hrvatska – za DPO.
Načela zaštite osobnih podataka
Valamar Riviera prepoznala je načela obrade podataka kao osnovne vrijednosti koje moraju biti poštovane tijekom cijelog ciklusa obrade osobnih podataka, od njihova prikupljanja pa sve do njihova uništenja ili drugog prestanka obrade. Obrađujemo podatke:
Zakonito – obrada će biti moguća ako je ista dopuštena zakonom, i to u granicama koje zakon dopušta.
Pošteno – uvažavajući specifičnosti svakog odnosa, primjenjujući sve adekvatne mjere za zaštitu osobnih podataka te ne sprječavajući ispitanika u ostvarivanju svojih prava.
Transparentno – informirajući ispitanike o obradama osobnih podataka. Od samog prikupljanja podataka kada su ispitanici informirani o svim aspektima obrade podataka pa sve do prestanka obrade podataka ispitanicima se pruža jednostavan i brz pristup vlastitim podatcima. Određene informacije mogu se ograničiti samo kada je to zahtijevano zakonom ili kada je to nužno za zaštitu trećih osoba.
Uz ograničenje svrhe – obrađujući osobne podatke u one svrhe u koji su prikupljeni, a u druge svrhe ako su za to ispunjeni uvjeti iz Uredbe. Podatci se mogu obrađivati u podudarne svrhe samo uzimajući u obzir: (a) svaku vezu između svrha prikupljanja osobnih podataka i svrha namjeravanog nastavka obrade; (b) kontekst u kojem su prikupljeni osobni podatci, posebno u pogledu odnosa između nas i ispitanika; (c) prirodu osobnih podataka, osobito činjenicu obrađuju li se posebne kategorije osobnih podataka u skladu s člankom 9. Uredbe ili osobni podatci koji se odnose na kaznene osude i kažnjiva djela u skladu s člankom 10. Uredbe; (d) moguće posljedice namjeravanog nastavka obrade za ispitanike te (e) postojanje odgovarajućih zaštitnih mjera.
Uz ograničenje pohrane – pohranjujući podatke u obliku koji omogućuje identifikaciju ispitanika samo onoliko dugo koliko je potrebno u svrhe radi kojih se osobni podatci obrađuju, a duže samo ako je dopušteno propisima.
Uz smanjenje količine podataka – obrađujući podatke ako su primjereni, relevantni i ograničeni na ono što je nužno. Posebno se pazi da se ne prikupljaju podatci za koje ne postoji opravdana potreba za obradom.
Vodeći računa o točnosti – vodeći računa o točnosti i ažurnosti podataka i brišući netočne podatke u okviru mogućnosti.
Vodeći računa o cjelovitosti i povjerljivosti – pružajući tehničkim i organizacijskim mjerama odgovarajuću sigurnost osobnih podataka, uključujući zaštitu od neovlaštene ili nezakonite obrade te od slučajnoga gubitka, uništenja ili oštećenja primjenom odgovarajućih tehničkih ili organizacijskih mjera. Relevantne mjere primjenjuju se vodeći računa o rizičnosti svake vrste obrade podataka.
Zakonitost obrade osobnih podataka
Kako bi se poštovala zakonitost obrade osobnih podataka, obrađujemo osobne podatke samo ako i u onoj mjeri u kojoj je ispunjeno najmanje jedna od sljedećih pravnih osnova:
Obrada je nužna za izvršavanje ugovora u kojem je ispitanik strana ili kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora;
ovo je najčešća svrha obrade podataka ispitanika gdje je okosnica postojeći ugovorni odnos ili ugovorni odnos koji se nastoji postići.
Obrada je nužna radi poštovanja pravnih obveza voditelja obrade.
Valamar Riviera kao pravni subjekt ima brojne obveze koje su propisane raznim propisima. Ova obveza obuhvaća prikupljanje, a često i dostavu podataka državnim tijelima. Primjerice, obrada osobnih podataka dioničara koji se prijavljuju za glavnu skupštinu, obrada osobnih podataka gostiju i prosljeđivanje kroz sustav eVisitor.
Obrada je nužna za potrebe legitimnih interesa voditelja obrade ili treće strane, osim kada su od tih interesa jači interesi ili temeljna prava i slobode ispitanika koji zahtijevaju zaštitu osobnih podataka, uzimajući u obzir razumna očekivanja ispitanika koja se temelje na njihovu odnosu s voditeljem obrade, osobito ako je ispitanik dijete.
Kod primjene ove pravne osnove procjenjujemo da je obrada primjerena poslovnim potrebama, da je što manje invazivna i da interesi ispitanika ne nadjačavaju naše legitimne interese ili legitimne interese treće strane. Primjer su za ovakvu obradu obrada u administrativne svrhe, svrhe očuvanja sigurnosti računalnih mreža, svrhe izravnog marketinga i unaprjeđenja našeg poslovanja. Ispitanik u ovim situacijama uvijek ima pravo prigovoriti na takvu obradu.
Obrada je nužna kako bi se zaštitili ključni interesi ispitanika ili druge fizičke osobe.
Pravo na zaštitu osobnih podataka nije apsolutno pravo i ujednačavamo ga s drugim temeljnim pravima u skladu s načelom proporcionalnosti. Valamar Riviera uvažava mogućnost da je u nekim situacijama potrebno obrađivati osobne podatke kako bi se zaštitili ključni interesi ispitanika ili druge fizičke osobe. Primjer za ovakvu obradu podataka su iznimni  slučajevi bolesti, povrede gosta ili druge fizičke osobe iz kojih razloga je ponekad potrebno zatražiti osobni dokument gosta i zatražiti zdravstvene podatke koji spadaju u posebnu kategoriju osobnih podataka. Također u nekim izvanrednim situacijama primjerice u slučaju epidemija možemo obrađivati podatke na temelju preporuka Hrvatskog zavoda za javno zdravstvo.
Ispitanik je dao privolu za obradu svojih osobnih podataka u jednu ili više posebnih svrha.
Kada obrađuje osobne podatke na temelju privole, posebno vodimo računa da su to situacije u kojima ne postoje nikakve, formalne ili neformalne, posljedice za davanje, odbijanje davanja ili uskraćivanja privole. Kada se obrada temelji na privoli, ispitanik može povući privolu u svakom trenutku bez negativnih posljedica. Povlačenje privole ne utječe na zakonitost obrade na temelju privole prije njezina povlačenja.
Vrste osobnih podataka koji se obrađuju
Posebne kategorije osobnih podataka:
posebne kategorije osobnih podataka obrađuju se samo ako su ispunjeni uvjeti iz članka 9. Uredbe. Primjerice, obrađujemo podatke radnika koji spadaju u posebne kategorije osobnih podataka, kao što su podatci o članstvu u sindikatu (primjerice kod ostvarivanja posebnih prava prema relevantnim propisima), vjerskim ili filozofskim uvjerenjima (primjerice kod ostvarivanja prava na dodatne neradne dane za vjerske blagdane ako je pojedinac dobrovoljno otkrio takve podatke u navedenu svrhu) ili podataka koji se odnose na zdravlje (primjerice prema posebnim propisima o zaštiti na radu ili vođenja evidencije o radnicima ili kada se za određene poslove traže posebni certifikati o zdravstvenom stanju).
Podatci o kaznenim osudama i kažnjivim djelima:
kada za to postoji zakonsko ovlaštenje, obrađujemo i osobne podatke koji se odnose na kaznene osude i kažnjiva djela, kao što su na primjer uvjerenja o nekažnjavanju za radnike prilikom javljanja na javne natječaje, ako je to zahtjev takvog natječaja.
Osobni podatci koji ne spadaju u prethodne dvije skupine:
takvi osobni podatci čine najveći dio obrađenih podataka, a to su najčešće identifikacijski podatci i podatci za kontakt poput imena i prezimena, OIB, podatci koji nastaju na temelju kretanja u prostorijama pod videonadzorom.
Većinu osobnih podataka koje prikupljamo, pružaju sami ispitanici te molimo da ne navodite osjetljive informacije (primjerice rasu ili etničko podrijetlo, politička mišljenja, vjerska ili filozofska uvjerenja, i slično) kada to nije nužno. Ako ćete ipak navoditi osjetljive informacije iz bilo kojeg razloga, tim činom dajete svoju izričitu privolu za prikupljanje i korištenje tih informacija na načine opisane u ovoj Politici privatnosti ili na način opisan u trenutku otkrivanja tih informacija.
Dostava podataka trećim subjektima
Valamar Riviera osobne podatke dijeli s drugima samo kada za to postoji zakonska osnova.
Moguće je da u određenim slučajevima dolazi do prijenosa osobnih podataka izvan Europske unije (EU) i Europskog gospodarskog prostora (EGP) i to u zemlje za koje ne postoji odluka Europske komisije o primjerenosti. U tim slučajevima  osiguravamo poštovanje visokih standarda zaštite osobnih podataka, a u skladu sa strogim zahtjevima Uredbe i svaki prijenos osobnih podataka u treće zemlje bit će obavljen u skladu s poglavljem V. Uredbe. Najčešći modeli prijenosa u tim slučajevima su primjena standardnih ugovornih klauzula koje je odobrila Europska komisija te izričita privola ispitanika.
Pravne obveze
U okviru izvršavanja zakonskih obveza, obvezni smo dostavljati podatke trećim osobama. Primjerice, u Hrvatskoj dostava podataka gostiju putem sustava eVisitor, dostava podataka radnika nadležnim zavodima: Hrvatskom zavodu za mirovinsko osiguranje, Hrvatskom zavodu za zdravstveno osiguranje, Poreznoj upravi te Središnjem registru osiguranika i mirovinskim društvima. Također obvezni smo u određenim slučajevima dostaviti ili staviti na uvid podatke u vezi sa zaposlenjem Hrvatskom zavodu za zapošljavanje, primjerice radi uključenja radnika u mjere aktivne politike zapošljavanja, nadležnim policijskim postajama odnosno ministarstvu nadležnom za unutarnje poslove, primjerice u slučaju boravka viših državnih dužnosnika u objektima, kao i za izdavanje dozvola za rad, ministarstvu nadležnom za poslove turizma u slučaju zapošljavanja stipendista, ministarstvu nadležnom za poslove gospodarstva i poduzetništva kada se radi o korištenju potpora za ulaganja, osiguravajućim društvima, bankama i u ostalim slučajevima kada propisi to nalažu.
Valamar Riviera kao management društvo
Poseban slučaj dostave podataka trećim subjektima odnosi se na činjenicu da Valamar Riviera ima sklopljene dugoročne ugovore o upravljanju turističkim sadržajima i objektima s nekoliko turističkih društava. To znači da upravljamo Valamarovim objektima koje čine naši smještajni objekti (u našem vlasništvu ili koje koristimo temeljem neke druge osnove) kao i smještajni objekti društava kojima upravljamo. Usluge upravljanja uključuju prvenstveno usluge vezane uz goste Valamarovih objekata, ali i ljudske potencijale. Obzirom na navedeno,  ponekad dijelimo osobne podatke gostiju, kandidata za zaposlenje odnosno radnika Valamarovih objekata s društvima kojima upravljamo, odnosno ispitanici tih društava su i naši ispitanici sve u svrhu razvoja poslovanja i usluga Valamarovih objekata, informiranja o ponudama Valamarovih objekata, identifikacije ispitanika sa sličnim potrebama  te analitike povezane s tržišnim kretanjima. Sva načela iz ove Politike odnose se i na ispitanike tih društava u segmentima u kojima smo uključeni kao voditelj obrade, međutim i ta su društva odgovorna kao voditelji svojih obrada podataka ispitanika. Politike privatnosti svih društava kojima upravljamo nalaze se na stranici
https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti
.
Valamar Riviera kao turistička agencija
Obzirom da smo i turistička agencija, prosljeđujemo podatke trećima kada je to neophodno za realizaciju dogovorenih usluga. Primjerice, podatke gosta koji je rezervirao smještaj prosljeđujemo društvu koje pruža usluge konkretnog smještaja ili podatke kupaca nekog doživljaja prosljeđujemo organizatoru tog doživljaja.
Valamarovi partneri – izvršitelji obrade
Moguća je dostava podataka poslovnim subjektima, izvršiteljima obrade, koji obrađuju podatke u naše ime kao voditelja obrade. Najčešće su to naši poslovni suradnici koji nam pružaju određene usluge primjerice informatičke, marketinške, radi obrade plaćanja, radi usluga zaštite. Sa svim partnerima sklapamo detaljan ugovor u pogledu njihovih ovlasti i obveza kod obrade osobnih podataka, a sukladno zahtjevima Uredbe. Oni su također obvezni koristiti podatke koji su im povjereni isključivo u skladu s našim ugovorima i strogo za svrhu koju smo naveli. Također, obvezni su na ispravan način zaštititi vaše podatke i držati ih u tajnosti.
Vrijeme čuvanja podataka
Podatci ispitanika obrađuju se i čuvaju, u skladu s važećim zakonskim propisima, kada je obveza čuvanja propisana.
U slučajevima kada je Valamar Riviera ovlaštena sama utvrditi rokove čuvanja podataka, podatci se čuvaju onoliko koliko je potrebno radi ostvarivanja svrhe zbog koje se osobni podatci obrađuju vodeći računa o svrsi obrade, legitimnim interesima Valamar Riviere i interesima ispitanika. Kada za određenu obradu nismo u ovoj Politici privatnosti ili na drugom mjestu naveli koji je rok čuvanja podataka, obavještavamo Vas da je rok čuvanja
5 godina
.
Nakon isteka predviđenog roka čuvanja podataka, podatke ćemo izbrisati, a u slučajevima u kojima to nije moguće, podatke ćemo učiniti nečitljivima.
Obrada osobnih podataka djece
Obrađujemo osobne podatke djece kada je to vezano uz naše usluge primjerice kada su djeca gosti naših objekata, posjetitelji Maro igraonica, ali i u drugim slučajevima primjerice kada maloljetni učenici kod nas polaze učenje temeljeno na radu (praksa). Ponekad ne možemo utjecati na korištenje naših usluga, primjerice u slučaju kada se djeca pojavljuju kao pratitelji naših profila na društvenim mrežama. Savjetujemo roditeljima i skrbnicima da pouče djecu o sigurnom i odgovornom postupanju s osobnim podatcima, posebice na internetu.
Izvori osobnih podataka
Osobne podatke najčešće dobivamo od Vas. Prilikom davanja osobnih podataka, na bilo koji način (rezervacija smještaja, prijava za posao, korištenje mobilne aplikacije, korištenje usluga restorana, wellnessa i sl.), jamčite da su informacije koje ste priložili točne, da ste poslovno sposobni i ovlašteni raspolagati danim informacijama te da ste u cijelosti suglasni da Vaše podatke upotrebljavamo i prikupljamo u skladu s pozitivnim propisima i uvjetima ove Politike privatnosti.
Također, Vaše osobne podatke dobivamo i posredno, od drugih fizičkih i pravnih osoba, primjerice: od turističkih agencija koje prosljeđuju podatke gostiju za potrebe smještaja, od gostiju koji rezerviraju smještaj za osobe s kojima će boraviti u objektima, od agencija za posredovanje pri zapošljavanju i ustupanje radnika, od poslovnih partnera o njihovim radnicima koji će sudjelovati u izvršavanju određenih ugovora i dr. Prilikom davanja osobnih podataka drugih osoba jamčite nam da su informacije koje ste priložili točne, da ste poslovno sposobni i ste ovlašteni raspolagati danim informacijama, da su ispitanici čije nam osobne podatke prosljeđujete suglasni da njihove podatke obrađujemo. Ako dajete podatke drugih osoba obvezni ste ih upoznati s našom Politikom privatnosti.
U određenim slučajevima, osobne podatke dobivamo i iz javnih izvora, primjerice, sudskog registra, vaših internetskih stranica, oglasa i slično.
Tehnička i integrirana zaštita podataka
Vodimo računa o najvišim organizacijskim i tehničkim standardima zaštite podataka. Stoga, uzimajući u obzir najnovija dostignuća, trošak provedbe te prirodu, opseg, kontekst i svrhe obrade, kao i rizike različitih razina vjerojatnosti i ozbiljnosti za prava i slobode pojedinaca koji proizlaze iz obrade podataka, u vrijeme određivanja sredstava obrade i u vrijeme same obrade, provodimo odgovarajuće tehničke i organizacijske mjere za omogućavanje učinkovite primjene načela zaštite podataka.
Također, provodimo odgovarajuće tehničke i organizacijske mjere kojima se osigurava da integriranim načinom budu obrađeni samo osobni podatci koji su nužni za svaku posebnu svrhu obrade. Tu mjeru primjenjujemo na količinu prikupljenih osobnih podataka, opseg njihove obrade, razdoblje pohrane i njihovu dostupnost. Točnije, takvim se mjerama osigurava da osobni podatci nisu automatski, bez intervencije pojedinca, dostupni neograničenom broju pojedinca.
Kako bi se osigurala visoka razina sigurnosti prilikom obrade osobnih podataka te kako bi isti bili zaštićeni od slučajnog ili namjernog neovlaštenog pristupa, gubitka ili izmjene, osiguravamo pristup sustavima u koje se pohranjuje najveći broj osobnih podataka pojedinaca samo ovlaštenim osobama u mjeri potrebnoj za izvršavanje njihovih radnih zadataka i to kroz višestruki sustav autentifikacije te je isti osiguran od neovlaštenog pristupa i uporabe i redovito ažuriran. Svi partneri koji imaju mogućnost pristupa našim informacijskim sustavima obvezno prihvaćaju primjenu
Načela sigurnosti pristupa informacijskim sustavima Valamar Riviere d.d. za poslovne partnere
radi učinkovitog i efikasnog upravljanja pristupom s ciljem svođenje rizika narušavanja elemenata informacijske sigurnosti i zaštite podataka na najmanju moguću mjeru uz istovremeno omogućavanje nužnih prava pristupa radi ispunjavanja poslovnih potreba društva Valamar Riviera.
Povrede osobnih podataka
Implementirali smo odgovarajuće tehničko organizacijske mjere kako bi rizik od povrede sveli na najmanju moguću mjeru, međutim ako ipak primijetite da je došlo do povrede osobnih podataka molimo Vas da nam bez odgađanja prijavite svaku takvu povredu na e-mail:
dpo@valamar.com
. Uspostavili smo interne mehanizme kako bi u takvim slučajevima pravodobno reagirali na odgovarajući način.
Sukladno Uredbi, ali i internim pravilnicima, u slučaju povrede osobnih podataka, bez nepotrebnog odgađanja i ako je izvedivo, najkasnije 72 sata nakon saznanja o toj povredi, izvješćujemo nadležno nadzorno tijelo o povredi osobnih podataka, osim ako nije vjerojatno da će povreda osobnih podataka prouzročiti rizik za prava i slobode pojedinaca.
Izvješće koje se dostavlja nadzornom tijelu sadržava sve informacije sukladno Uredbi.
U slučaju povrede osobnih podataka koja povreda će vjerojatno prouzročiti visok rizik za prava i slobode pojedinaca, bez nepotrebnog odgađanja obavješćujemo ispitanika o povredi osobnih podataka. Ponekad, u slučajevima kada Uredba propisuje, obavješćivanje ispitanika nije obvezno.
Prava ispitanika
Bez obzira na osnovu prikupljanja podataka, ispitanici mogu besplatno ostvariti sljedeća prava u granicama koje propisuje Uredba:
Pravo na informiranje:
imate pravo biti informiran o obradi i njezinim svrhama. Vodimo računa o pružanju svih informacija ispitaniku koje su neophodne za osiguravanje poštene i transparentne obrade uzimajući u obzir kontekst obrade.
Pravo na brisanje
(„pravo na zaborav“): imate pravo zatražiti brisanje osobnih podataka koji se na Vas odnose, bez nepotrebnog odgađanja, sukladno uvjetima iz Uredbe. 

Da biste to učinili, pošaljite svoj zahtjev nama kao voditelju obrade pisanim putem, uključujući i elektronički oblik komunikacije. Napominjemo kako je u zahtjevu potrebno specificirati što konkretno želite da se briše jer Vaše podatke možemo čuvati na temelju različitih pravnih osnova, primjerice ispitanik može biti i naš gost i kandidat za zaposlenje. Imate pravo tražiti brisanje osobnih podataka koji se na Vas odnose ako je ispunjen jedan od sljedećih uvjeta:
Vaši osobni podatci više nisu nužni u odnosu na svrhu u koju smo ih prikupili ili obradili
povukli ste privolu na kojoj se obrada temelji i ako ne postoji druga pravna osnova za obradu
uložili ste prigovor na obradu svojih osobnih podataka, ako ne postoje naši jači legitimni razlozi za obradu
osobni podatci nezakonito su obrađeni
osobni podatci moraju se brisati radi poštovanja pravne obveze.
U nekim slučajevima neće biti moguće u potpunosti ispuniti zahtjev za brisanjem, primjerice kada postoji zakonska obveza čuvanja, kada je legitimni interes voditelja obrade jači od interesa ispitanika, kada postoji interes voditelja obrade radi postavljanja, ostvarivanja ili obrane pravnih zahtjeva.
Pravo na pristup podatcima:
imate pravo na pristup svojim osobnim podacima koje obrađujemo o Vama i možete zatražiti detaljne informacije osobito o njihovoj svrsi obrade, o vrsti/kategorijama osobnih podataka koji se obrađuju uključujući i uvid u svoje osobne podatke, o primateljima ili kategorijama primatelja te o predviđenom razdoblju u kojem će osobni podaci biti pohranjeni. Pristup osobnim podatcima može biti ograničen samo u zakonom propisanim slučajevima odnosno kada se takvim ograničenjem poštuje bit temeljnih prava i sloboda drugih.
Pravo na ispravak:
imate pravo na ispravljanje ili dopunjavanje osobnih podataka, ako Vaši podaci  nisu točni, potpuni i ažurni. Da biste to učinili, pošaljite svoj zahtjev nama kao voditelju obrade pisanim putem, uključujući i elektronički oblik komunikacije. Napominjemo kako je u zahtjevu potrebno specificirati što konkretno nije točno, potpuno ili ažurno i u kojem bi smislu navedeno trebalo ispraviti te dostaviti potrebnu dokumentaciju u prilog svojih navoda.
Pravo na prenosivost podataka:
imate pravo zaprimiti osobne podatke koji se odnose na Vas u strukturiranom, uobičajeno upotrebljavanom i strojno čitljivom formatu - te pravo prenijeti te podatke drugom voditelju obrade bez ometanja od strane voditelja obrade kojem su osobni podaci pruženi, sve u skladu sa zahtjevima Uredbe.
Pravo na ograničenje obrade:
imate pravo tražiti ostvarenje prava na ograničenje obrade u slučaju:
ako osporavate njihovu točnost
ako je obrada nezakonita, a protivite se njihovom brisanju
ako voditelj obrade više ne treba osobne podatke ali ste ih zatražili radi postavljanja, ostvarivanja ili obrane pravnih zahtjeva
ako ste uložili prigovor na obradu Vaših osobnih podataka i očekujete potvrdu nadilaze li legitimni razlozi voditelja obrade razloge ispitanika.
Pravo na prigovor obradi osobnih podataka:
kada obrađujemo podatke na temelju svojih legitimnih interesa koji su jači od interesa ispitanika, tada ispitanik ima pravo na temelju svoje posebne situacije u svakom trenutku uložiti prigovor na obradu osobnih podataka koji se odnose na njega.
U svakom slučaju ispitanici imaju i pravo:
podnijeti prigovor Službeniku za zaštitu osobnih podataka
Valamar Riviera d.d.,
za DPO
Stancija Kaligari 1, Poreč
e-mail:
dpo@valamar.com
podnijeti pritužbu nadzornom tijelu ako smatrate da su Vam povrijeđena prava na zaštitu podataka
- U Republici Hrvatskoj:
Agencija za zaštitu osobnih podataka
Selska cesta 136, HR – 10 000 Zagreb
e-mail:
azop@azop.hr
- U Republici Austriji:
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien
e-mail:
dsb@dsb.gv.at
Mi kao voditelj obrade imamo pravo na zaštitu naših interesa, kao i zaštite ispitanika te sukladno tomu ima pravo provesti aktivnosti utvrđivanja identiteta podnositelja zahtjeva.
Imamo pravo i objaviti obrazac koji će služiti za podnošenje zahtjeva kako bi se što učinkovitije postupilo po zahtjevu.
U slučaju postavljanja zahtjeva, pružit ćemo Vam informacije o poduzetim radnjama u vezi s ostvarivanjem vaših prava bez nepotrebnog odgađanja i u svakom slučaju u roku od mjesec dana od dana zaprimanja zahtjeva. Taj se rok može prema potrebi produljiti za dodatna dva mjeseca, uzimajući u obzir složenost i broj zahtjeva. U tom slučaju ćemo Vas obavijestiti u roku od mjesec dana od dana zaprimanja zahtjeva, zajedno s razlozima odgađanja.
Ako podnesete zahtjev elektroničkim putem, informacije ćemo pružiti elektroničkim putem, ako je to moguće, osim ako ne zatražite drukčije.
Napominjemo, da u slučaju zahtjeva, sve zahtjeve i prateću korespondenciju čuvamo u svrhu dokazivanja postupanja.
Postupanja po zahtjevima ispitanika u pravilu su besplatna, ali ako su zahtjevi ispitanika očito neutemeljeni ili pretjerani, a osobito zbog njihova učestalog ponavljanja, imamo pravo naplatiti razumnu naknadu na temelju administrativnih troškova ili odbiti postupiti po zahtjevu.
Svi zahtjevi koji nisu vezani uz zaštitu osobnih podataka, a dostavljeni su na adresu službenika za zaštitu podataka, npr. ponude kandidata za zaposlenje, upiti za rezervacije u Valamarovim  objektima bit će proslijeđeni direktno u nadležne odjele unutar Valamar Riviere, bez posebnog odgovora pošiljatelju od strane službenika za zaštitu podataka. Isto tako, u slučaju potrebe, svi zahtjevi za vezani uz zaštitu osobnih podataka koje zaprime drugi naši odjeli na neke druge naše e-mail adrese, mogu se proslijediti našem službeniku za zaštitu osobnih podataka.
POSEBNI DIO
BORAVAK U VALAMAROVIM OBJEKTIMA (hoteli, apartmani, kampovi)
Osnovni predmet našeg poslovanja je pružanje usluga smještaja u Valamarovim objektima. U tu svrhu 
sklapamo s Vama ugovore o ugostiteljskim uslugama (o hotelskim uslugama, o smještaju u turističkim apartmanima i o uslugama kampiranja). Stoga, prikupljamo i obrađujemo Vaše osobne podatke u različite svrhe s krajnjim ciljem kvalitetnog pružanja usluge smještaja i popratnih usluga sve prema najvišim standardima turističkih društava.
Valamarovi objekti su naši smještajni objekti (u našem vlasništvu ili koje koristimo temeljem neke druge osnove) kao i smještajni objekti društava kojima upravlja Valamar.
Valamarovi objekti su:
Hoteli i apartmani  (vile, apartmani, suitevi, case, sobe, beach house)
Parcele u kampovima
Mobilne kućice u kampovima (vile, suitevi i camping home, glamping šatori)
U slučaju rezervacije smještaja putem naših kanala prodaje (rezervacije putem internetske stranice, mobilne aplikacije ili rezervacije  telefonskim pozivom u Valamarov pozivni centar (na temelju legitimnog interesa vodimo evidenciju poziva) ili rezervacije prihvaćanjem ponude e-poštom) Vaš voditelj obrade je Valamar Riviera, ali i druga društva ovisno u kojem objektu odsjedate.
Vaše osobne podatke, koje morate dostaviti da bi Vam se pružila usluga smještaja, čuvamo u svojoj bazi podataka u svrhu ispunjavanja ugovora o ugostiteljskim uslugama te ispunjavanja zakonskih obveza vezanih uz ugostiteljsku djelatnost. U slučaju da nam ne ustupite minimum podataka potreban za rezervaciju smještaja i prilikom odsjedanja za prijavu svim nadležnim registrima, nećemo biti u mogućnosti pružiti uslugu rezervacije smještaja odnosno uslugu smještaja sukladno ugovoru i zakonu.
Određeni podatci nužni su kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora o smještaju. Primjerice, prije same rezervacije smještaja, na upit - potencijalnih gostiju, šalju se ponude za smještaj, za čiju izradu i slanje trebamo osobne podatke, najmanje ime, prezime i e-adresu te informacije o željenom boravku.
Osobne podatke koje prikupljamo radi ispunjavanja obveze rezervacije su:
Ime i prezime nositelja rezervacije
Adresa prebivališta (hrvatski državljani)
Datum rođenja
Broj, vrsta identifikacijskog dokumenta i mjesto izdavanja
Državljanstvo
Ime objekta
Broj smještajne jedinice, vrsta smještajne jedinice (tip sobe)
Datum dolaska i odlaska
Broj osoba za koje se rezervira smještaj i razmještaj po sobama
Koje su osobe maloljetne
Eventualno ostale specifičnosti ovisno o zahtjevu osobe koja rezervira smještaj
E-adresa ako ju osoba ima
Jezik
Telefon
Članstvo u Programu vjernosti ako utječe na cijenu smještaja ili prikupljanje bodova
Način plaćanja i eventualno dodatne podatke nužne za potrebe izvršenje transakcija ili osiguranja plaćanja
S obzirom na to da je propisano da se podatci za prijavu gostiju upisuju na temelju podataka iz osobne iskaznice, odnosno putne ili neke druge isprave o identitetu, gost nam je dužan dati na uvid takvu ispravu te pružiti sve druge informacije koje su potrebne za upis podataka, a nisu sadržane u takvoj ispravi. Isto tako, za ostvarenje nekih prava i pogodnosti potrebno je priložiti (preslike) odgovarajuće isprave, potvrde i dokumente kojima se takva prava i pogodnosti dokazuju i ostvaruju.
Prilikom dolaska u Valamarov objekt, gosti se u pravilu prijavljuju na recepciji objekta putem registracijske kartice koju gost ispunjava odnosno pregledava i potvrđuje točnost podataka.
Gostima omogućujemo i samostalnu prijavu dolaska putem Check-in aplikacije putem koje gost samostalno unosi svoje osobne podatke na način da učita fotografiju svoje osobne isprave koja fotografija se ne sprema, već aplikacija iz nje učitava samo nužno potrebne osobne podatke.
U svakom slučaju, podatci se unose u bazu gostiju iz koje se podatci automatizmom šalju nadležnim tijelima u Hrvatskoj za objekte u Hrvatskoj odnosno nadležnim tijelima u Austriji za objekte u Austriji, sve sukladno propisima.
Mi ćemo čuvati određene podatke osoba koje su zatražile ponudu, rezervirale smještaj, otkazale smještaj, podatke gostiju u svrhu dokazivanja sadržaja odnosa sa ispitanikom, odnosno u svrhu postavljanja, ostvarivanja ili obrane pravnih zahtjeva u razdoblju od pet godina od zadnjeg boravka u Valamarovim objektima. U navedene svrhe čuvat ćemo podatke koji su potrebni za samu rezervaciju, kao i ostale podatke ovisno o pojedinom slučaju, primjerice: datum zaprimanja prigovora gosta i sadržaj prigovora, korespondencija i dr. Također, dužni smo čuvati i sve račune, kao i podloge za izdavanje računa izdane gostima s osobnim podatcima gosta sukladno zakonskim propisima.
Ostali podatci vezani uz okolnosti Vašeg boravka, kao primjerice zahtjevi za dječji krevetić također će biti prikupljeni i obrađivani samo tijekom Vašeg boravka kad imaju izravnu vezu s pružanjem konkretne usluge smještaja.
MARO IGRAONICE
U nekim Valamarovim objektima omogućujemo korištenje igraonica za djecu za naše goste.  Kako bi Vaše dijete moglo koristiti MARO igraonicu potrebno je popuniti obrazac/iskaznicu za registraciju tzv. Dječju putovnicu u kojoj ćete navesti: ime i dob djeteta, period boravka u Valamarovom objektu, ime, prezime i mobitel roditelja/skrbnika, naziv Valamarovog objekta u kojem boravite i broj smještajne jedinice, te ima li dijete alergije. Zatražit ćemo i potpis na listu dolazaka/odlaska.
Svrha je zaštita i evidencija boravka djece, a pravna osnova Vaša privola. Valamarova putovnica sa podatcima čuva se za vrijeme trajanja konkretnog boravka u Valamarovom objektu.
MJENJAČKO MJESTO
Pružamo i usluge mjenjačnice na svojim mjenjačkim mjestima, u pravilu na recepcijama Valamarovih objekata. Valamar Riviera obvezna je, sukladno važećim propisima o sprječavanju pranja novca i financiranja terorizma, u nekim slučajevima utvrditi i provjeriti identitet osoba koje se služe uslugama mjenjačnice uvidom u službeni osobni dokument stranke u njezinoj nazočnosti te obaviti dubinsku analizu. U slučaju da ne možemo provesti mjere dubinske analize kada je za to propisana obveza, ne smijemo uspostaviti poslovni odnos ili obaviti transakciju, odnosno moramo prekinuti već uspostavljeni poslovni odnos te razmotriti treba li nadležnom državnom tijelu dostaviti obavijest o sumnjivoj transakciji, sredstvima i osobama.
Također, sukladno propisima obvezan je i videonadzor mjenjačkih mjesta. Podatci se čuvaju sukladno propisima na temelju naše  zakonske obveze.
ČLANSTVO PROGRAMA VJERNOSTI
Valamar Riviera nositelj je Programa vjernosti Valamar Rewards (dalje: Program vjernosti). Uvjeti članstva sadržani su u Pravilima Programa vjernosti koji se mogu pronaći na
www.valamar.com/hr/program-vjernosti/valamar-plus-club/pravilnik-programa
. Ulazak u Program vjernosti vrši se isključivo na temelju zahtjeva ispitanika, i to ponajprije gostiju Valamarovih objekata. Svaki član vjernosti (dalje: loy član) ima svoj korisnički račun za koji su potrebni određeni podaci.
Prihvaćanjem članstva potvrđujete da ste upoznati s obradom osobnih podataka i kreiranjem Vašeg profila kao člana Programa vjernosti od strane Valamara kao voditelja obrade.
U postupku kreiranja profila Valamar će obrađivati osobne podatke:
prikupljene prilikom popunjavanja pristupnice u članstvo odnosno otvaranja korisničkog računa  (ime, prezime, spol, datum rođenja, e-adresa, broj mobitela, adresa (ulica, kućni broj, poštanski broj, grad i država)
o svim rezervacijama i boravcima (datumi dolaska i odlaska, objekti, tip smještajne jedinice)
prikupljene tijekom boravka (npr. objekt, broj djece, bračni status, jezik, kućni ljubimci, interesi i aktivnosti tijekom boravka, način putovanja, preferencija smještaja, preferencija odredišta, potrošnja i sl.)
prikupljene ispunjavanjem ankete zadovoljstva
vezane uz samo članstvo (identifikacijski broj članske kartice, razina članstva, stanje svojih eura u Rewards Walletu, pogodnosti, jezik komunikacije, način oslovljavanja, sve podatke koje ispunite ažuriranjem svojeg profila u korisničkom računu kao što su: interesi, način putovanja, kućni ljubimci, željeni smještajni objekt, željena kategorija smještajnog objekta, željeno odredište, povezanost s društvenim mrežama).
Sve te kategorije osobnih podataka smatraju se važnima i očekivanima, jer ih koristimo kako bismo Vam mogli ispuniti svoje zadaće preuzete programom vjernosti (primjerice, datum rođenja je bitan za eventualno slanje informacije o nekoj pogodnosti u vrijeme vašeg rođendana u obliku popusta i slično) predlagati druge proizvode i obavještavati Vas o događajima za koje vjerujemo da ćete biti zainteresirani.
Član nije obvezan dati sve navedene podatke, bez ikakvih posljedica na članstvo, međutim neki osobni podatci nužni su za članstvo i ostvarenje prava na pogodnosti primjerice: ime, prezime, podatci o boravcima na temelju kojih se prikupljaju bodovi i sl. Također, u slučaju da nemamo neke podatke, moguće je da će naši newsletteri koje ćete primati manje odgovarati Vašim interesima, primjerice: ako nemamo podataka da ste zainteresirani za biciklizam, nema posljedica na članstvo, međutim tada možda nećete dobiti newsletter s nekim obavijestima o pogodnostima za ljubitelje biciklizma.
Navedeni podatci čuvaju se u bazi gostiju Valamara deset godina od učlanjenja ili od zadnjeg boravka u Valamarovim objektima.
Svrha obrade navedenih podataka je:
ostvarenja prava koja dobivate članstvom u Programu vjernosti
slanje servisnih poruka radi informiranja o bitnim uvjetima članstva (stanju bodova i razini članstva, nužnosti izmjene lozinke, novostima u Programu vjernosti, izmjenama pravila i slično)
bolje razumijevanje Vaših potrebe i preferencije kako bismo Vam slali personalizirane marketinške poruke s obavijestima o posebnim pogodnostima, posebnim ponudama o našim proizvodima i uslugama za koje biste možda bili zainteresirani, o čemu više nađite u poglavlju MARKETINŠKE PORUKE.
Posebno ističemo da član ima pravo prigovora na takvu obradu osobnih podataka bilo u odnosu na početnu ili daljnju obradu, u bilo koje vrijeme i besplatno.
Član može bilo kada i bez navođenja razloga prekinuti svoje članstvo u Programu vjernosti, uz pisanu obavijest na e-adresu
info-loyalty@valamar.com
ili telefonski na broj +385 52 408 222.
VALAMAR EXPERIENCE CONCIERGE (VEC)
Valamar Riviera je i turistička agencija koja gostima Valamarovih objekata i drugim osobama promovira, preporučuje, ali i rezervira i/ili prodaje robu, usluge i doživljaje primjerice: usluge wellnessa, najam sportske opreme i sportskih terena, mjesta u restoranu, izlete, ulaznice za koncerte, usluge prijevoza, skijaške usluge (zajedno dalje: VEC usluge).
VEC usluge se mogu kupiti ili rezervirati putem:
web stranice
www.valamar-experience.com/hr
(dalje: VEC web stranice)
prodajnih mjesta (guest relations i info pultovi i hospitality deskovi) u Valamarovim objektima
telefona
e-maila
aplikacija My Valamar i Places [PLACESAPP]
Ovisno o tipu VEC usluge koju želite kupiti ili rezervirati tražit ćemo Vas različite podatke, primjerice:
prilikom kupovine robe, usluga i doživljaja tražit ćemo Vas ime, prezime, e-mail adresu, adresa, grad, poštanski broj, država, broj mobilnog telefona
ako tražite uslugu transfera iz zračne luke do Valamarovog objekta ili obratno ili uslugu transfera unutar RH, tražit ćemo Vas ime, prezime, broj mobilnog telefona, podatak o broju rezervacije smještaja, broj i datum leta, a u slučaju prekograničnog transfera i državljanstvo
ako želite ostvariti kupovinu prekograničnog izleta, tražit ćemo Vas i datum rođenja, vrstu i broj identifikacijskog dokumenta
u slučaju da želite rezervirati skijaške usluge i/ili opremu, tražit ćemo Vas ime, prezime, spol, datum rođenja, e-mail, broj telefona, visinu, težinu, opseg glave i veličinu stopala
Neke navedene podatke navest ćemo i na vaučerima te potvrdama rezervacije kada je primjenjivo.
Svrha obrade podataka je uspješno odgovaranje na Vaš zahtjev, zatim identifikacija Vas kao Kupca, te sklapanje i ispunjenje ugovora i, u slučaju potrebe, kontaktiranja radi dostave na traženu adresu. Pravna osnova je prvenstveno ispunjenje pravnih obveza te izvršenje ugovora odnosno obrada je nužna kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora.
U slučaju da koristite VEC web stranice možete otvoriti svoj VEC korisnički račun kojom prilikom Vas tražimo sljedeće podatke: ime, prezime e-mail, i lozinku. O registraciji ćete dobiti potvrdu e-mailom. Svrha stvaranja profila je da Vam omogućimo uvid u rezervacije, povijest kupovine, liste želja te važeće ili istekle vaučere. Pravna osnova za stvaranje VEC profila je Vaša privola. Kreiranje korisničkog profila nije uvjet za kupovinu/rezervaciju usluga na VEC stranici.
U slučaju telefonskog poziva, temeljem legitimnog interesa vodimo evidenciju poziva.
Neke Vaše osobne podatke ćemo po potrebi, radi izvršenja ugovora, dostaviti onim našim društvima i partnerima koji nude pojedine usluge i robu odnosno organiziraju doživljaje koje ste kupili odnosno rezervirali, a u slučaju dostave robe i dostavnim službama. U tom su slučaju oni su daljnji voditelji obrade i upućujemo Vas da se upoznate s njihovim politikama privatnosti.
Podatke koje prikupljamo tijekom pružanja VEC usluga čuvat ćemo najduže pet godina radi eventualnih reklamacija na pružene usluge, a duže samo ako tako zahtijevaju posebni propisi (računovodstveni i sl.).
U slučaju popunjavanja upitnika o kvaliteti doživljaja i objave komentara na web stranici, isključivo uz vašu privolu, navedeni podatci čuvaju se jednu godinu.
Imamo pravo temeljem legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke kupaca i koristiti ih u svrhu izravnog marketinga kako je opisano u poglavlju MARKETINŠKE PORUKE.
VALFRESCO
Valfresco Direkt je naša internetska stranica
www.valfresco.com
(dalje: Valfresco web stranica) namijenjena pružanju usluga web trgovine prehrambenih i drugih proizvoda i naručivanja hrane i pića iz Valamarovih objekata. Prilikom kupnje preko Valfresco web stranice obrađujemo osobne podatke koje ste upisali u web-obrazac za Vaš korisnički račun  (ime, prezime, e-adresa, broj telefona, adresa, adresa dostave) u svrhu identifikacije ispitanika kao Kupca, sklapanja i ispunjenja jednokratnog kupoprodajnog ugovora na daljinu te kontaktiranja radi dostave. Pravni je temelj ugovor, odnosno ispunjenje kupoprodajnog ugovora u kojem je kupac ugovorna strana. Također, obrada je nužna radi poštovanja naših zakonskih obveza.
Imamo pravo radi ispunjenja ugovora, ali i ispunjenja zakonske obveze, kupcu e-poštom, SMS-om i/ili preko instant messaging platforme slati tzv. servisne poruke – potvrde o sklopljenom ugovoru, račune, potvrde narudžbe i ostale obavijesti usko vezane uz konkretnu kupnju.
Također, nakon kupnje, imamo pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa kupcima e-poštom, SMS-om i/ili preko instant messaging platforme slati upitnike o zadovoljstvu i zamoliti kupce da ocijene našu uslugu i proizvode ako to žele. Primarna je svrha upitnika o zadovoljstvu prikupljanje podataka o usluzi radi legitimnog interesa unaprjeđenja naših usluga. Te podatke iz upitnika možemo depersonalizirati i obrađivati u statističke svrhe za vlastite potrebe analiziranja poslovanja i unaprjeđenja usluge.
Pozivom telefonskog broja web-trgovine, možemo sakupljati podatke vezane uz svrhu poziva, primjerice, ako se radi o obavljenoj kupnji, prikupljat ćemo ime, prezime, broj narudžbe kako bismo mogli odgovoriti na zahtjev. Također, na temelju legitimnog interesa vodimo evidenciju poziva.
Imamo pravo temeljem legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke kupaca i koristiti ih u svrhu izravnog marketinga kako je opisano u poglavlju MARKETINŠKE PORUKE.
NAGRADNE IGRE I NAGRADNI NATJEČAJI
Valamar Riviera može povremeno organizirati i nagradne igre i natječaje, u kojem slučaju će prikupljati Vaše osobne podatke samo ako se odlučite sudjelovati u nagradnoj igri odnosno natječaju. Podatci koji će se na taj način prikupljati i koji su nužni za sudjelovanje u nagradnoj igri/natječaju bit će određeni u pravilima nagradne igre/natječaja, te mogu biti različiti. Moguće da će se podatci nagrađenih odnosno pobjednika i javno objaviti.
Tako prikupljeni podatci na temelju svojevrsne ugovorne obveze koristit će se u svrhu provođenja nagradne igre/natječaja, sukladno objavljenim pravilima nagradne igre, te brisati u roku od pet godina nakon završetka.
Često će biti slučaj da gosti koji popunjavaju anketni obrazac za ocjenu kvalitete usluge u Valamarovim objektima mogu sudjelovati i u nagradnoj igri što će biti jasno naznačeno na samom obrascu.
Imamo pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke sudionika u našim nagradnim igrama i natječajima i koristiti u svrhu izravnog marketinga kako je opisano u poglavlju MARKETINŠKE PORUKE.
JAVNE OBJAVE
Valamar Riviera putem svojih internetskih stranica, medija, profila na društvenim mrežama, internog časopisa VIV (bilo u tiskanom ili e-izdanju), videozidova i oglasnih ploča u objektima objavljuje informacije koje su od interesa za postojeće, ali i potencijalne radnike, goste, poslovne partnere, dakle javnost. Takve objave mogu sadržavati ograničeni skup osobnih podataka, poput imena i prezimena, funkcija, profesionalnih podataka, videa, izjava i fotografija.
Pravna osnova za obradu legitiman je interes informiranja javnosti, ali i marketing, prilikom koje se obrade uvijek pazi na interes ispitanika pa se stoga ne objavljuju osobni podatci ako se utvrdi da je interes ispitanika da se određeni osobni podatci ne objave, jači od interesa Valamar Riviere za objavu istih. U nekim situacijama, objava informacija može se temeljiti na privoli u skladu s najvišim standardima.
Objave imaju trajan karakter čime se osigurava informiranje o aktualnim događajima, kao i uvid u prethodne aktivnosti.
Obrada će prestati ako se na temelju prigovora ispitanika utvrdi da je takav prigovor opravdan ili ako je ispitanik povukao privolu u situacijama kada je privola primjenjiva i to na način koji je moguće provesti.
MARKETINŠKE PORUKE
Imamo interes obrade osobnih podataka koja se provodi za potrebe izravnog marketinga za slanje marketinških poruka te u tu svrhu Valamar koristi različite načine:
e-mail marketing (uključujući i sms i/ili instant messaging platforme (viber, whatsapp i sl.) što podrazumijeva slanje marketinških poruka (newsletter)
tzv. web i mobile app push poruke/notifikacije (kratke i jednostavne poruke koje se šalju iz preglednika ili aplikacije prema Vašem uređaju)
remarketing koji omogućuje prikazivanje oglasa korisnicima koji su prethodno posjetili neku od Valamarovih web stranica ili mobilnih aplikacija, o čemu više nađite u Politikama kolačića koja se nalazi na svakoj internetskoj stranici
Pravne osnove
za obradu osobnih podataka za izravni marketing su:
LEGITIMNI INTERES
u slučaju relevantnog i odgovarajućeg odnosa ispitanika i Valamara sukladno točki 70. uvodnih odredbi Uredbe i to:
za
osnovne newslettere
(poruke) koji se šalju određenim kategorijama ispitanika koji su npr.
gosti Valamarovih objekata
tražili ponudu i/ili rezervirale smještaj,
sudjelovali u nagradnoj igri,
ispunjavali upitnik o zadovoljstvu,
ispunili prijavu u objektima za besplatan WI-FI,
obavili kupnju u web trgovini
za
newslettere (poruke) dizajnirane baš za vas
koji se šalju samo našim loy članovima
PRIVOLA
za:
osnovne newslettere (poruke)
newslettere (poruke) dizajnirane baš za vas koji se šalju samo ispitanicima koji su dali izričitu privolu za takve ponude (a nisu ujedno i loy članovi)
push poruke/notifikacije
dodatne podatke kada u slučaju da ispitanici, samostalno prilikom ažuriranja profila na web stranicama daju dodatne podatke
remarketing koja se daje davanjem privole na kolačiće. Posebno ističemo da u nekim slučajevima osim podataka dobivenih iz kolačića i pixela za koje se daje posebna privola, mogu se koristiti i podaci ispitanika iz postojeće Valamarove baze podataka (npr. podaci o osobama koje su koristile određeni smještaj). U nekim slučajevima remarketinga uz vašu suglasnost podaci se po potrebi prenose u treću zemlju izvan EU u kojoj je možda potrebna drugačija razina zaštite podataka.
Osnovni newsletteri (poruke) koji se šalju temeljem legitimnog interesa se šalju samo ispitanicima koji su u nekom odnosu s Valamarom odnosno Valamarovim objektima. Podaci koji se obrađuju su ime i prezime, e-mail, broj mobitela, adresa, spol, država/jezik komunikacije te osnovni podatci vezani uz konkretan odnos s Valamar Rivierom (primjerice: objekt, odredište u kojem odsjedate, podatci o izvršenoj kupnji, kupljenom doživljaju i sl.). Sve te kategorije osobnih podataka smatraju se važnima jer omogućuju smisleno kreiranje newslettera koji je u skladu s interesima ispitanika
Osnovni newsletteri (poruke) koji se šalju temeljem privole koja se daje prijavom na newsletter. Prijava na newsletter je omogućena  putem web formi na nekim našim internetskim stranicama. Kako bi osigurali da prilikom unosa e-mail adrese nije došlo do pogreške ili zlouporabe, koristimo tzv. Double-Opt in proces (dvostruka verifikacija): nakon što je adresa unesena u polje za prijavu, Valamar Riviera šalje na e-mail link za potvrdu. Tek nakon što ste kliknuli na link za potvrdu, dodaje se Vaša e-mail adresa u bazu podataka za slanje određenog Newslettera. Takvi newsletteri se šalju temeljem vaše privole koju nam dajete ispunjavajući i potvrđujući obrazac na web stranicama. Sadržaj newslettera i svrha bit će navedena prilikom vaše prijave (primjerice: obavijesti o aktualnim posebnim ponudama u našim objektima, ponude za radna mjesta i sl.). U slučaju da ste ažurirali profil i dali još neke podatke, obrađivat će se i ti podaci.
Poruke (newsletteri) dizajnirani baš za vas su poruke za koje se šalju svim loy članovima kao i osobama koje su dale posebnu privolu za tu vrstu poruka. Za slanje poruka dizajniranih baš za vas Valamar koristi profiliranje ispitanika u svrhu kontaktiranja i obavještavanja o ponudama koje su dizajnirane baš za Vas. Za ove newslettere obrađuje se širok spektar osobnih podataka što može uključivati sljedeće: ime i prezime, e-mail, broj mobitela, adresa, grad, zemlja, poštanski broj,  spol, jezik komunikacije, oslovljavanje datum rođenja, godišnjica braka, bračni status, broj i starost djece, interesi (npr. ronjenje, biciklizam i sl.), podatke o zahtjevima za ponudu, rezervacijama i boravcima (destinacija, objekt, tip smještajne jedinice, datumi dolaska i odlaska, broj noćenja, broj odraslih, broj djece), kućni ljubimci, interesi, način putovanja, preferencija smještaja i preferencija destinacije, povezanost s društvenim mrežama, podaci o izvršenoj kupnji na Valamarovim web stranicama, kupljenom doživljaju, podaci prikupljeni ispunjavanjem ankete zadovoljstva, a za loy članove i podaci prikupljeni vezani uz loy članstvo, što uključuje podatke koji su prikupljeni prilikom popunjavanja pristupnice u loy članstvo  i vezane uz status člana (identifikacijski broj članske kartice, broj bodova, broj iskorištenih bodova, razina članstva, način korištenja bodova, korištenje pogodnosti, podaci vezano uz aktivnosti u Ambasador programu).
Posljedica profiliranja je isključivo što bolje dizajniranje poruka i ponuda koji odgovaraju vašim interesima, jer u slučaju da nemamo neke podatke, moguće je da će naši newsletteri koje ćete primati manje odgovarati vašim interesima, primjerice ako nemamo podataka da ste zainteresirani za biciklizam, tada možda nećete dobiti newsletter s nekim obavijestima o pogodnostima za ljubitelje biciklizma.
Rok obrade osobnih podataka u svrhu slanja newslettera je 10 godina računajući:
od dana zadnjeg boravka odnosno drugog poslovnog odnosa sa nama kada se newsletteri šalju temeljem legitimnog interesa
od dana Vaše privole, kada se newsletteri šalju na temelju Vaše privole.
Moguće je da u određenim slučajevima koristimo i usluge campaing management platformi (npr. Oracle Responsys)  za višekanalno upravljanje kampanjama koja omogućuje kreiranje personaliziranih poruka na temelju pojedinačnih interesa i preferencija gostiju i potencijalnih klijenata. U tim slučajevima radi se o automatiziranoj obradi podataka i s tim partnerima sklapamo odgovarajuće ugovore.
Rok obrade za podatke koji se prikupljaju putem kolačića ovise o vrsti kolačića i opisani su na svakoj web stranici na kojoj se koriste.
U svim slučajevima kada je ispitanik dao privolu, ispitanik ima pravo svakodobno povući danu privolu, u bilo koje vrijeme, besplatno i bez objašnjenja. Povlačenje privole ne utječe na zakonitost obrade koja se temeljila na privoli prije povlačenja.
U svim slučajevima kada se obrada vrši temeljem legitimnog interesa, ispitanici imaju pravo prigovora u bilo koje vrijeme, besplatno i bez objašnjenja.
Povlačenje privole kao i prigovor se može poslati e-mailom na
newsletter@valamar.com
.
U svakom trenutku, bez objašnjenja i bez naknade, i bez obzira na pravnu osnovu primanja marketinških poruka (newslettera), možete se odjaviti od primanja bilo kojeg newslettera klikom na link koji se nalazi na dnu svakog newslettera odnosno blokiranjem pošiljatelja sukladno pravilima online kanala koji koristite te u tom slučaju nećete više primati newsletter, ali će podaci ostati arhivirani.
Odjava s newslettera nije vezana uz legitiman interes Valamar Riviere da ispitanicima za koje postoji i neka druga pravna osnova (primjerice gosti objekata, kandidati za zaposlenje) šalje servisne poruke i upitnike o zadovoljstvu vezanim uz konkretan boravak, kupljeni doživljaj i sl., kao i druge servisne poruke.
Povlačenje privole koja se daje za kolačiće također se može dati u svakom trenutku, bez objašnjenja i bez naknade, a opisana je u
Politici kolačića
.
SERVISNE PORUKE I UPITNICI O ZADOVOLJSTVU
Servisne poruke su poruke koje možemo slati e-poštom, SMS-om, mobile app push porukama  i/ili preko instant messaging platforme (Viber, Whatsapp i sl.) a koje su vezane uz određeni odnos koji imamo s vama, šaljemo temeljem legitimnog interesa, odnosno privole kada ju zatražimo, primjerice:
prije, za vrijeme i nakon boravka u Valamarovim objektima možemo slati poruke vezane uz potvrde rezervacije, podsjetnike o boravku i ostale obavijesti usko vezane uz konkretan boravak koji ste rezervirali.
prilikom kupnje/rezervacije robe, usluga ili doživljaja na nekoj od naših prodajnih internetskih stranica poruke možemo slati potvrde o sklopljenom ugovoru, račune, potvrde narudžbe, vaučere i ostale obavijesti usko vezane uz konkretnu kupnju odnosno rezervaciju.
Upitnike o zadovoljstvu, a koji su vezani uz određeni odnos koji imamo s vama, šaljemo temeljem legitimnog interesa, primjerice:
za vrijeme i nakon boravka u Valamarovim objektima, imamo pravo slati upitnike o zadovoljstvu pruženom uslugom u Valamarovim objektima,
nakon kupnje/rezervacije robe, usluga ili doživljaja koje ste kupili preko naših kanala prodaje imamo pravo slati upitnike o zadovoljstvu pruženom uslugom odnosno kupljenom robom.
Primarna je svrha upitnika o zadovoljstvu prikupljanje podataka radi legitimnog interesa unaprjeđenja usluge. Rezultate možemo obrađivati sami ili putem suradnika.
Servisne poruke i poruke s upitnicima o zadovoljstvu ne smatraju se marketinškim porukama, te napominjemo da u slučaju da ste zatražili da Vam ne šaljemo marketinške poruke, a nakon toga rezervirate smještaj, moguće je da ćete dobiti servisne poruke i upitnike o zadovoljstvu.
U svakom slučaju kada Vam šaljemo poruke temeljem legitimnog interesa imate pravo na prigovor.
INTERNETSKE STRANICE
Kako bi vam pružili što bolju uslugu i omogućili Vam jednostavniji i brži pristup sadržajima koji Vas zanimaju imamo više internetskih stranica od kojih izdvajamo:
www.valamar-riviera.com
,
www.valamar.com/hr/
,
www.valamarcamping.com/hr/
,
www.places-hotels.com/hr/
,
www.valamarlovesbike.com/hr/
,
www.blog.valamar.com
,
www.maroworld.valamar.com
,
www.valamar-experience.com/hr/
,
www.dobarposaouvalamaru.com
,
www.valfresco.com
. Ova Politika privatnosti odnosi se na sve naše stranice sa svim poddomenama.
Od posjetitelja naših internetskih stranica možemo prikupljati osobne podatke koji se upotrebljavaju u svrhe u koje su pruženi, sve u skladu s informacijama navedenima u trenutku prikupljanja (ili očitom svrhom koja se može izvesti iz konteksta prikupljanja).
Korisnici imaju kontrolu nad osobnim podatcima koje unose u web-obrasce. Primjerice, na nekim našim internetskim stranicama pruža Vam se mogućnost da se prijavite na naše newslettere kako biste primali informacije ili ponude. Također, na nekim internetskim stranicama pruža Vam se mogućnost rezervacije smještaja, kupnje izleta i robe, prijave za posao, prijave na razna događanja i sl. U svakom tom slučaju Vi dajete podatke koji su nam  potrebni za ispunjenje svrhe svakog pojedinog slučaja. Informacija o obradi osobnih podataka nalaze se i na svakoj internetskoj stranici na svakom mjestu na kojem se podaci prikupljaju.
Na svojim internetskim stranicama možemo koristiti i širok spektar novih alata u svrhu poboljšanja korisničkog iskustva i pritom upotrebljavamo kolačiće i različite druge načine praćenja posjetitelja, primjerice Google ads, META ads, Dynamic Yield, Google Analytics, Hotjar i druge. Koristimo i platformu za upravljanje privolama za kolačiće Usercentrics Consent Management Plattform. Više o kolačićima i drugim tehnologijama molimo da pročitate u našoj Politici kolačića koja se nalazi na svakoj našoj internetskoj stranici.
Pravna osnova za obradu osobnih podataka posjetitelja naših internetskih stranica je  legitimni interes, izvršenje ugovora ili privola ako se od ispitanika traži davanje privole.
Posjetitelji imaju sva prava koja su opisana u poglavlju PRAVA ISPITANIKA.
Ova Politika privatnosti ne pokriva načine postupanja s informacijama drugih društava i organizacija koje su u nekim slučajevima povezane sa našim internetskim stranicama, a koje mogu upotrebljavati kolačiće, i druge tehnologije te Vas upućujemo da se upoznate s njihovim pravilima privatnosti i uvjetima poslovanja. Također, prikupljanje podataka na internetskim stranicama otvorenim za događaje u kojima se mi navodimo samo kao sponzor, partner i sl., nije u našoj odgovornosti.
MOBILNE APLIKACIJE
Imamo mobilne aplikacije MyValamar i PLACES kako bi bili pristupačniji korisnicima sa svojim uslugama.
Obzirom da mobilnu aplikaciju možete koristiti samo koristeći Google play odnosno App store (ovisno o vašem tipu uređaja), napominjemo da se tada automatski od strane Googlea i Applea bilježe određeni podaci kao što su: država, jezik,  godine korisnika, vrsta uređaja, trajanje korištenja aplikacija, a mi kroz naša sučelja koja imamo sa Googleom i Appleom možemo dobiti analizu tih podataka, međutim te podatke mi ne možemo povezati s konkretnom osobom. Ove Politike privatnosti se ne primjenjuju na Google i Apple koje imaju zasebna pravila o privatnosti. Više podataka o Google play nađite na linku
https://policies.google.com/privacy
, a o Apple store
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/
.
Prilikom  korištenja aplikacije možete podijeliti podatak, dakle samo uz privolu:
imam rezervaciju
već boravim u objektu
-	članstvo u Valamarovom Programu vjernosti
U tim slučajevima povezat ćemo Vas kao korisnika aplikacije  s podacima koje imamo o toj rezervaciji i tada vas možemo identificirati.
Međutim za korištenje aplikacije nije nužno da unesete taj podatak te možete i preskočiti taj korak i pregledavati naše objave.
Možete se i prijaviti u Valamarov program vjernosti te vas u tom slučaju upućujemo na poglavlje ČLANSTVO PROGRAMA VJERNOSTI.
U slučaju da želite rezervirati boravak preusmjerit ćemo vas na našu odgovarajuću internetsku stranicu.
U slučaju da nam dopustite slanje notifikacija tzv. push poruke, dakle samo uz privolu, moći ćemo vam slati i servisne poruke kao i promotivne poruke.
DRUŠTVENE MREŽE
Kako bismo mogli bolje komunicirati s korisnicima društvenih mreža i streaming platformi i obavještavali ih o svojim ponudama imamo profile/stranice na društvenim mrežama Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Tik tok i Spotify (zajedno dalje: društvene mreže).
Korištenjem društvenih mreža prihvaćate njihova pravila između ostalih i pravila vezana uz obradu osobnih podataka, te Vas upućujemo da se upoznate s istima. Društvene mreže i njihove funkcije upotrebljavate na vlastitu odgovornost. Napominjemo da uz svaku interakciju na našim profilima na društvenim mrežama kao i na drugim profilima, društvene mreža bilježe Vaše ponašanje putem kolačića i drugih tehnologija, odnosno vrstu, opseg i svrhe obrade podataka na društvenim mrežama prvenstveno određuju operateri društvenih mreža.
Slijedom navedenoga, neke podatke (npr. ukupan broj posjetitelja ili posjeta stranici, aktivnosti na stranici i podatke koje ostavljaju posjetitelji, interakcije (npr. komentiranje, dijeljenje, ocjenjivanje)) obrađuju i dostavljaju nam društvene mreže. Nemamo utjecaja na kreiranje i prikaz tih podataka.
Možemo obrađivati osobne podatke vezano uz Vaše korisničke aktivnosti na društvenim mrežama u marketinške svrhe isključivo temeljem Vaše privole za kolačiće koje dajete na našim internetskom  stranicama. O kojim se točno kolačićima radi i u koju svrhu možete naći u postavkama kolačića za svaku internetsku stranicu. Više o kolačićima molimo nađite u Politici kolačića.
Osim toga, prikupljamo podatke i u statističke svrhe, za daljnji razvoj i optimizaciju sadržaja i atraktivnije oblikovanje svoje ponude. To se posebice odnosi na upotrebu interaktivnih funkcija.
Radi boljeg upravljanja društvenim mrežama koristimo i usluge partnera s kojima imamo sklopljene odgovarajuće ugovore.
U slučaju da želimo koristiti neki Vaš komentar ili sliku koju ste objavili na našem profilu, zatražit ćemo Vas suglasnost.
Ako ste član neke društvene mreže, a ne želite da ta mreža preko naših stranica na toj mreži prikuplja podatke o Vama i spaja s vašim članskim podacima pohranjenim na dotičnoj mreži,
prije nego što posjetite našu strancu na dotičnoj mreži, odjavite se s te mreže,
obrišite kolačiće s vašeg računala,
zatvorite preglednik i ponovo ga pokrenite
Nakon ponovne prijave, za mrežu ste ponovo prepoznatljivi kao određeni/a korisnik.
Kako nemamo potpuni pristup Vašim osobnim podacima na društvenim mrežama, ako želite iskoristiti svoja prava, obratite se izravno pružateljima usluge društvene mreže, jer svaki od njih ima pristup osobnim podacima svojih korisnika i može provesti odgovarajuće mjere i dati informacije.
Obzirom da koristimo usluge društvenih mreža koje ne posluju na području Europske unije dužni smo vas obavijestiti kako te treće strane koje upravljaju društvenim mrežama mogu prenijeti vaše podatke u SAD.
U nastavku donosimo linkove na pravila privatnosti društava koje vode društvene mreže:
Facebook i (Meta Platforms Inc.)
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Instagram (Meta Platforms Inc.)
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/
Youtube (Google LLC)
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=hr
TikTok (TikTok Ireland, TikTok UK)
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en
Pinterest (Pinterest Europe Ltd. i Pinterest, Inc.)
https://policy.pinterest.com/hr/privacy-policy
Spotify (Spotify AB)
https://www.spotify.com/at/legal/privacy-policy/
KANDIDATI ZA ZAPOSLENJE I RADNICI
Ovaj dio Politike privatnosti uređuje zaštitu osobnih podataka ponajprije u procesima u vezi sa zaposlenjem, razvojem i edukacijom. U tom smislu ispitanici su ponajprije bivši i sadašnji radnici, tražitelji posla, osobe koje polaze učenje temeljeno na radu (učenici), osobe na stručnom usavršavanju, studenti koji rade na temelju tzv. studentskog ugovora, stipendisti učenici koji rade na temelju tzv. učeničkog ugovora, agencijski radnici i ustupljeni radnici, te druge osobe čiji se podatci obrađuju u okviru radnopravnih i srodnih odnosa.
U okviru obrada podataka koje se provode u vezi sa zaposlenjem, identificirali smo sljedeće svrhe obrade:
Selekcija kadrova:
uključuje prikupljanje i daljnju obradu relevantne natječajne dokumentacije prijavljenih kandidata za posao, testiranje (uključujući mogućnost online psihologijsko testiranja) i ocjenjivanje, prikupljanje i analizu informacija o kandidatima iz javno dostupnih izvora, uključujući informacije koje je kandidat sam o sebi javno objavio samo ako je to važno zbog rizika koje određeno radno mjesto podrazumijeva. Pravna osnova je obavljanje prethodnih radnji za sklapanje ugovora  kao i privola.
Smanjivanje reputacijskog rizika:
prikupljanje i analiza informacija o zaposlenicima i osobama u usporedivom odnosu iz javno dostupnih izvora, uključujući informacije koje je sam ispitanik o sebi javno objavio, samo ako je to važno zbog rizika koje određeno radno mjesto podrazumijeva. Pravna osnova je legitimni interes.
Zaključenje ugovora i ispunjenje ugovora:
obrada u svrhe zaključenja ugovora o radu, studentskog ugovora, učenja temeljeno na radu (praksa) ili stručnog osposobljavanja, ugovora o stipendiranju s osobama koje nisu u radnom odnosu ili bilo kojeg drugog usporedivog odnosa. Pravna osnova je i poštivanje pravnih obveza i kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora kao i izvršenje ugovora.
Vođenje evidencije zaposlenika, osoba u usporedivom odnosu
ili drugih osoba (npr. djeca, supružnici ili korisnici osiguranja). Pravna osnova je poštivanje pravnih obveza.
Obračun i isplata plaća te ostvarivanje materijalnih i drugih prava:
obrada je nužna kako bi se ostvarila materijalna i druga prava primjerice za ostvarivanje prava za ulazak u mjere aktivne politike zapošljavanja (stalni sezonac i ostali), za ostvarenja dodatnih prava radnika po kolektivnom ugovoru (primjerice: rođenje djeteta) i drugo. Pravna osnova je poštivanje pravnih obveza.
Prijava smještaja:
obrada podataka nužna je u slučaju da ispitanici borave u objektima za personalni smještaj radnika radi prijave boravka nadležnim tijelima. Pravna osnova je izvršenje pravnih obveza.
Upravljanje radnim učinkom:
ova svrha uključuje i informacije o postizanju prethodno utvrđenih ciljeva, pravovremenom ispunjenju ciljeva te daljnje analize radi utvrđivanja budućih ciljeva, upravljanja ljudskim potencijalima, utvrđivanja iznosa nagrada i drugim relevantnim mjerama. Pravna osnova je legitimni interes.
Nagrađivanje:
obrada uključuje nagrađivanje odnosno isplate naknade, pri čemu takva obrada može obuhvatiti i podatke o povredama etičkih i drugih internih pravila, podatci iz sustava upravljanja radnim učinkom, o pohađanim edukacijama, kao i sve druge relevantne podatke. Pravna osnova je legitimni interes.
Educiranje:
obrada u svrhe educiranja zaposlenika i osoba u usporedivom odnosu osoba, uključujući i pozivanje na obvezne i neobvezne edukacije, provjere znanja, što uključuje i sve potrebne radnje za analizu stečenih znanja i sve druge relevantne informacije za organiziranje, provedbu i daljnje postupanje po provođenju edukacija. Pravna osnova je legitiman interes i privola kada se zatraži.
Izrada različitih izvještaja o radnicima:
Pravna osnova može biti ispunjenje pravnih obveza, ali i legitiman interes (primjerice prilikom izrade planova za buduća razdoblja i slično).
Upute vezane uz rad i informiranje:
prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja kandidata o otvorenim pozicijama i natječajima, odnosno mogućnostima zaposlenja. Prikupljanje i obrada podataka svih zaposlenika, osoba u usporedivom odnosu u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja o: uputama vezanim uz izvršenje radnih obveza (primjerice: raspored rada, upozorenja o hakerskim napadima i sl.), informacije vezano uz obvezne i neobvezne edukacije, informacije o ostvarivanju prava iz radnog odnosa, informacije o pogodnostima zaposlenicima, informacije o našem poslovanju, zaposlenicima, nagradama, ključnim aktivnostima i inicijativama i ostale informacije vezane uz radni odnos.
U te svrhe radi brzine i bolje obaviještenosti, informacije možemo slati putem SMS-a, e-poštom i/ili preko instant messaging platforme (Viber, Whatsapp i sl.). kao i putem posebnih aplikacija (koje radnici instaliraju na svoje mobilne uređaje). Pravna osnova je izvršenje ugovora, legitiman interes i privola kada ju zatražimo.
Pogodnosti zaposlenicima:
možemo odlučiti uvesti korištenje raznih alata u cilju postizanja raznih pogodnosti primjerice izdavanje radnicima ID kartice kojima se ostvaruju popusti u Valamarovim objektima i kod naših partnera. Pravna osnova je legitimni interes i privola kada ju zatražimo, ovisno o slučaju.
Zaštita imovine i osoba:
uključuje evidentiranje ulaza/izlaza iz poslovnih prostorija, mogućnost evidentiranja i provjere korištenja službenih mobilnih uređaja, računalne opreme, internetskog i telefonskog prometa, službenih vozila, prostorija i druge naše  imovine. Pravna osnova je legitimni interes.
Prestanak radnog odnosa:
obrada podataka zbog prestanka ugovora o radu ili drugog usporedivog ugovora. Pravna osnova je ispunjenja zakonskih i ugovornih obveza.
Praćenje etičnog ponašanja:
obrada uključuje sve postupke u kojima se istražuje poštovanje propisa o etičnom ponašanju ili propisa u vezi sa zaštitom dostojanstva, odnosno u okviru bilo kojeg drugog disciplinskog postupanja, bez obzira je li ispitanik prijavljena osoba ili prijavitelj. Pravna osnova je legitiman interes, a u nekim slučajevima i naša pravna obveza.
Zaštita na radu:
obrada podataka može biti potrebna i u slučajevima kada je nužna za ispunjenje svrhe posebnih propisa o zaštiti na radu, uključujući alkotestiranje sukladno propisima. Pravna osnova je legitiman interes, a u nekim slučajevima i naša pravna obveza.
Pored navedenih svrha moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz radnog odnosa, odnosno u vezi s radnim odnosom i svakim usporedivim odnosom.
Selekcija kadrova
Prikupljamo, obrađujemo i čuvamo podatke kandidata za zapošljavanje u bazi kandidata na temelju njihove dobrovoljne prijave:
prijava kandidata putem web prijavnog obrasca na stranici
www.dobarposaouvalamaru.com
koji služi kao svojevrstan životopis (CV)
prijava putem e-poruke
dolaskom na organizirane audicije i ispunjavanjem prijavnih obrazaca
na drugi način.
Podatci koji se u pravilu prikupljaju: ime, prezime, datum rođenja, adresa, državljanstvo, OIB (za hrvatske državljane s obzirom na to da je OIB najpouzdaniji podatak kojim razlikujemo kandidate), telefonski broj, e-adresa (u svrhu kontaktiranja), spol, stručna sprema, jezik, preferirani način komunikacije.
Podatke o kandidatima u pravilu dobivamo neposredno od kandidata, ali možemo dobivati posredno, od domaćih i stranih agencija za zapošljavanje, u kojem slučaju te agencije imaju obvezu obavijestiti kandidate o obradi njihovih osobnih podataka od naše strane.
Kandidati svoje prijave za posao šalju:
kao otvorene molbe u kojem slučaju obrađujemo podatke radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem tri godine (ako se osoba ne zaposli kod nas);
kao prijave na konkretne natječaje koji imaju naveden rok završetka u kojem slučaju obrađujemo podatke za vrijeme trajanja natječaja i pet mjeseci od završetka natječaja radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem, a te se prijave arhiviraju na tri godine. U slučaju da kandidati koji se jave na konkretan natječaj koji ima naveden rok završetka daju posebnu privolu, obrađujemo podatke radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem tri godine, kao i otvorene molbe (ako se osoba ne zaposli kod nas).
Imamo legitiman interes koristiti dobivene privatne e-adrese, ali i ostale dostavljene kontakt podatke za kontaktiranje kandidata vezano uz zaposlenje. Primjerice, nakon prijave kandidati mogu dobiti automatski odgovor da je njihova prijava zaprimljena te da će biti kontaktirani kandidati čije su kvalifikacije i iskustva u skladu s traženima za pojedina radna mjesta. Također, nakon prijave kandidati mogu dobiti poruku na broj telefona s predloženim terminom intervjua, poruku u kojoj je navedena dokumentacija potrebna za zapošljavanje i slično. Dodatno, osobe koje su radile na određeno vrijeme, pretežito sezonske poslove, imamo legitiman interes kontaktirati u svrhu informiranja o obavijestima važnim za poslovanje i ključne aktivnosti kod nas i naših društava kojima upravljamo, a radi održavanja kontakta u svrhu eventualne daljnje suradnje.
U svako se doba besplatno možete odjaviti s liste primatelja naših vijesti vezanih uz zapošljavanje e-mailom na
ljudski.potencijali@valamar.com
.
Podatke koji se čuvaju pružaju sami kandidati, ali mi, na temelju legitimnog interesa osiguravanja najboljih kandidata i sami stvaramo osobne podatke u vezi s aktivnostima zapošljavanja, kao što su rezultati razgovora za posao, testiranja (uključujući online psihologijsko testiranje) i procjene, te prikupljamo osobne podatke i od trećih strana, ponajprije provjerom podataka dobivenih tijekom procesa zapošljavanja kontaktiranjem relevantnih trećih strana (primjerice: agencije za zapošljavanje, pružatelji usluga obrazovanja i osposobljavanja) ili korištenjem javno dostupnih izvora.
Radni odnos i ostali usporedivi odnosi
Mi kao poslodavac prikupljamo, obrađujemo i čuvamo sve podatke radnika u bazi radnika koja se vodi u informatičkom programu i u fizičkim dosjeima radnika.
Potrebni podatci za zasnivanje radnog odnosa u pravilu su: podatci sa osobne iskaznice, tekućeg računa ili uputa za plaćanje od banke, zaštićenog računa (ako ga radnik posjeduje), OIB, dokaz o stručnoj spremi, e-knjižica: potvrda o mirovinskom stažu, rodni list djeteta ako je mlađe od 15 godina. Nadalje, u određenim slučajevima postoji propisana obveza o dostavljanju uvjerenja o nekažnjavanju u slučaju zapošljavanja na radnim mjestima koja su u redovnom kontaktu s maloljetnicima.
Potrebni podatci za sklapanje studentskih ugovora u pravilu su: potvrda fakulteta za tekuću godinu kao dokaz studentskog statusa podatci sa osobne iskaznice, potvrda o upisnini za Studentski centar (nije slučaj sa svim studentskim centrima), jedna fotografija ili X-ica, OIB.
Osim tih podataka, možemo u dosjeu radnika čuvati i ostale podatke koji su prikupljeni u postupku zapošljavanja, kao i ostale podatke koji su prikupljeni tijekom radnog odnosa određeni našim pravilnicima (primjerice: nagrade, opomene, certifikate i sl.).
Svi podatci radnika čuvaju se u bazi radnika datumom zasnivanja radnog odnosa i ažurno se vode do prestanka radnog odnosa te se isti čuvaju kao dokumentacija trajne vrijednosti sukladno relevantnim propisima.
Svi podatci radnika čuvaju se u bazi radnika datumom zasnivanja radnog odnosa i ažurno se vode do prestanka radnog odnosa te se isti čuvaju sukladno relevantnim propisima.
U svojoj bazi čuvamo i podatke ostalih osoba u poslovnom odnosu usporedivom s radnim odnosom i stručnom usavršavanju, i to s početkom rada i ažurno ih vodimo do prestanka rada te se čuvaju sukladno relevantnim propisima. Poseban su slučaj podatci učenika koji mogu biti maloljetni o kojima se vodi posebna pažnja i čiji se podatci prikupljaju i čuvaju sukladno posebnim propisima uz odobrenje škole i roditelja.
Podatci o plaći i platne liste podliježu posebnim propisima o čuvanju. U svakom slučaju svi radnici i ostale osobe u poslovnom odnosu usporedivom s radnim odnosom i stručnom usavršavanju imaju sva prava ispitanika.
POSLOVNI PARTNERI
Valamar Riviera u svojem poslovanju obrađuje i podatke poslovnih partnera ili potencijalnih poslovnih partnera, a to su:
fizičke osobe koje jesu, mogu postati ili su bili poslovni partneri Valamar Riviere npr. obrtnici, osobe koje su u režimu samostalnih zanimanja (npr. odvjetnici, liječnici i dr.), osobe s kojima se sklapaju ugovori o djelu (npr. pjevači, slikari, fotografi i dr.) i ostale fizičke osobe koje imaju položaj poduzetnika
fizičke osobe koje u nekom dijelu poslovanja predstavljaju pravne osobe s kojima Valamar Riviera ima, može imati ili je imala poslovni odnos (npr. osobe koje obavljaju dostavu za svog poslodavca trgovačko društvo, osobe kojima se šalju računi za njihova poslodavca pravnu osobu, potpisnici ugovora za trgovačko društvo koje predstavljaju osobe koje za trgovačko društvo obavljaju primopredaju, osobe koje za svoju pravnu osobu organiziraju kongrese i sl.).
U okviru obrada podataka Ispitanika, Valamar Riviera identificirala je sljedeće svrhe obrade:
Zaključenje ugovora:
obrada u svrhe zaključenja ugovora iz bilo kojeg područja našeg djelovanja (primjerice: slanje upita, slanje posebnih ponuda, traženje podataka o potpisnicima ugovora, slanje natječaja za pravne osobe koje ispitanici predstavljaju i sl.). Moguće je da koristimo aplikacije kreirane za ponuditelji koji žele sudjelovati  u Valamarovim natječajima u kojem slučaju ćemo tražiti da se regresirate.
Ispunjenje ugovora:
obrada podataka nužna je u svrhu ispunjenja ugovora što uključuje ispunjenje obveza, praćenja njihova izvršavanja i osiguravanja svih relevantnih mjera za njihovo izvršavanje (primjerice: za dogovor o vremenu i mjestu isporuke opreme na temelju ugovora, za slanje računa i sl. za koje slučajeve ćemo razmijeniti kontakt podatke radnika (e-mail, broj mobitela) isključivo u svrhu ispunjenja ugovora).
Informiranje: prikupljanje i obrada podataka su nužni u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja, stoga Valamar Riviera ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke i koristiti ih u svrhu izravnog marketinga kako je opisano u poglavlju MARKETINŠKE PORUKE.
Pored navedenih svrha moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz poslovnog odnosa.
Vrsta osobnih podataka
ispitanika koji se prikupljaju su:
ime i prezime
e-adresa
broj telefona
podatci o funkciji unutar pravne osobe koju predstavlja (npr. referent prodaje, tajnica uprave i sl.)
zanimanje kada je ispitanik fizička osoba s kojom se stupa u ugovorni odnos (primjerice: pjevač, slikar, fotograf, odvjetnik, liječnik...)
ponekad reference i kratki životopisi (posebno za konzultante)
podatci koji su navedeni na obrascima bjanko zadužnice, zadužnice, mjenice
broj računa u banci (IBAN) kada je poslovni partner fizička osoba s kojom se stupa u ugovorni odnos
ostali podatci ovisno o prirodi poslovnog odnosa.
Mjesta prikupljanja osobnih podataka
ispitanika:
zaprimljene ponude ispitanika za ostvarivanje poslovne suradnje
zaprimljeni podatci od ispitanika u kontekstu prodaje proizvoda/usluga ili kupnje proizvoda/usluga od poslovnog partnera (primjerice: sajmovi, kongresi i sl.)
poslovna korespondencija vezano uz određenu prethodnu ili sadašnju poslovnu suradnju (primjerice korespondencija koja se obavlja u sklopu izvršavanja ugovora)
javno objavljeni podatci (primjerice: sudski registar, web-stranice poslovnih partnera, časopisi, bilteni i sl.).
Pored navedenih vrsta podataka i mjesta prikupljanja moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz poslovnog odnosa.
VIDEONADZOR
Valamar Riviera kao voditelj obrade ima legitimni interes provesti mjere videonadzora radi zaštite imovine i osoba, a u određenim slučajevima (primjerice: mjenjačnice koje se nalaze na recepcijama objekata) ima i zakonsku obvezu postaviti nadzorne kamere koje snimaju sve osobe koje se kreću u perimetru nadzorne kamere (gosti, zaposlenici, poslovni partneri i dr.).
Obrada osobnih podataka zaposlenika putem sustava videonadzora provodi se i uz uvjete utvrđene propisima kojima se regulira zaštita na radu.
Na propisani način označavamo sva mjesta na kojima je postavljen videonadzor.
Svjesni smo da videozapisi sadržavaju osobne podatke svih osoba koje se kreću u perimetru kamere te ih stoga čuva s posebnom pažnjom, ima uređen sustav sigurnosti, dostupnosti te politiku brisanja istih koja je uređena našim internim pravilima o sigurnosti..
Videozapisi se automatski brišu nakon najviše 15 dana od dana snimanja. U slučaju potrebe izuzimanja (presnimavanja), videozapisi se čuvaju najviše šest mjeseci, osim ako je drugim zakonom propisan duži rok čuvanja ili ako su dokaz u sudskom, upravnom, arbitražnom ili drugom istovrijednom postupku. Izuzeti videozapisi bit će pohranjeni u središnjem dojavnom sustavu s izuzetno ograničenim pristupom.
U slučaju vođenja sudskih i/ili kaznenih postupaka, možemo koristiti navedene videozapise. Uvid u osobne podatke na videozapisima mogu imati i treće osobe, izvršitelji obrade, naši ugovorni partneri registrirani i stručni za pružanje usluga zaštite osoba i imovine, a koji ni na koji način ne koriste samostalno navedene podatke nego se brinu o sigurnosti centralnih nadzornih i dojavnih sustava. Na sve ostale pojedinosti vezane uz videonadzor primjenjuju se posebni propisi koji uređuju to područje.
ZAVRŠNE ODREDBE
Ova Politika privatnosti dostupna je na stranicama
https://valamar-riviera.com/hr/gdpr-i-politike-privatnosti/
,
https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti
, kao i na drugim Valamarovim internetskim stranicama te također u uredima ljudskih potencijala i na recepcijama Valamarovih objekata.
Obzirom na zahtjeve transparentnosti redovito ćemo revidirati ovu Politiku privatnosti.
Ova Politika privatnosti je objavljena 1.12.2024.
Helios Faros d.d. politika privatnosti
SADRŽAJ
OPĆI DIO
VODITELJ OBRADE I ZAKONSKI OKVIR
OPSEG PRIMJENE
SLUŽBENIK ZA ZAŠTITU PODATAKA
NAČELA ZAŠTITE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
ZAKONITOST OBRADE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
VRSTE OSOBNIH PODATAKA KOJI SE OBRAĐUJU
DOSTAVA PODATAKA TREĆIM SUBJEKTIMA
VRIJEME ČUVANJA PODATAKA
PRAVA ISPITANIKA
ZAŠTITA OSOBNIH PODATAKA DJECE
IZVORI OSOBNIH PODATAKA
TEHNIČKA I INTEGRIRANA ZAŠTITA PODATAKA
POSTUPANJE PO POVREDAMA OSOBNIH PODATAKA
POSEBNI DIO
BORAVAK U OBJEKTIMA (hoteli, apartmani, kampovi)
KANDIDATI ZA ZAPOSLENJE I RADNICI
SELEKCIJA KADROVA
RADNI ODNOS I OSTALI USPOREDIVI ODNOSI
POSLOVNI PARTNERI
JAVNE OBJAVE
WEB, KOLAČIĆI (COOKIES) I INTERNETSKE TEHNOLOGIJE
VIDEONADZOR
ZAVRŠNE ODREDBE
OPĆI DIO
Voditelj obrade i zakonski okvir
HELIOS FAROS, kao voditelj obrade, obvezuje se na zaštitu Vaših osobnih podataka. Prikupljanje i čuvanje podataka izvodi se u skladu s odredbama Uredbe EU 2016/679 Europskog parlamenta i Vijeća od 27. travnja 2016. o zaštiti pojedinaca u vezi s obradom osobnih podataka i o slobodnom kretanju takvih podataka (dalje: Uredba), Zakona o provedbi Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka (NN 42/2018) i ostalih propisa koji uređuju predmetno područje, a imaju primjenu u Republici Hrvatskoj.
Opseg primjene
Ova Politika primjenjuje se na svaku obradu osobnih podataka koju obavlja HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade, osim ako je drugom politikom ili drugim dokumentom HELIOS FAROS drukčije propisano za neku pojedinu obradu. HELIOS FAROS u nekim slučajevima nastupa kao voditelj obrade i za ispitanike koji su ujedno ispitanici društava s kojima HELIOS FAROS ima sklopljene poduzetničke ugovore na temelju kojih upravlja turističkim dijelom poslovanja u okviru svojih ovlasti na temelju tih ugovora.
Ova Politika privatnosti podijeljena je na dva dijela: Opći dio i Posebni dio. Osnovna načela obrade osobnih podataka, kontakt podatci službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka i ostale odredbe određene u Općem dijelu Politike primjenjuju se bez iznimke na svaku obradu osobnih podataka bez obzira je li takva obrada posebno obrađena u Posebnom dijelu Politike ili ne. U Posebnom dijelu Politike detaljnije su obrađeni posebni slučajevi obrade podataka koji predstavljaju glavninu svih obrada HELIOS FAROS.
HELIOS FAROS sklopio je dana 16.08.2019. godine sa trgovačkim društvom VALAMAR RIVIERA  d.d. Ugovor u odnosu na upravljanje hotelsko turističkim objektima i sadržajima temeljem kojega VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d. upravlja određenim poslovnim segmentima, odnosno obavlja određene poslove temeljem općih ovlasti u ime i za račun HELIOS FAROS kao management kompanija. U tom smislu HELIOS FAROS i VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d. mogu nastupati kao zajednički voditelji osobnih podataka radnika, gostiju i poslovnih partnera u svrhu vođenja operativnog dijela poslovanja, upravljanja poslovnim procesima te pružanja ugovorenih usluga, o čemu na odgovarajući način daju odgovarajuće informacije radnicima, gostima i poslovnim partnerima (u daljnjem tesktu: pristup osobnim podacima s naslova usluga upravljanja).
Službenik za zaštitu podataka
HELIOS FAROS imenovala je službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka kojeg svakodobno možete kontaktirati putem adrese:
gdpr@heliosfaros.hr
odnosno putem pošte na adresu Helios Faros d.d., Naselje Helios 21460 Stari Grad, Republika Hrvatska – za DPO, za pitanja vezana  uz zaštitu osobnih podataka i za ostvarenje prava zajamčenih Uredbom.
Svi zahtjevi koji nisu vezani uz zaštitu osobnih podataka, a dostavljeni su na adresu službenika za zaštitu podataka, npr. ponude kandidata za zaposlenje, upiti za rezervacije u objektima HELIOS FAROS i sl., bit će proslijeđeni direktno u nadležne odjele HELIOS FAROS, bez posebnog odgovora pošiljatelju od službenika za zaštitu podataka.
Načela zaštite osobnih podataka
HELIOS FAROS prepoznala je načela obrade podataka kao osnovne vrijednosti koje moraju biti poštovane tijekom cijelog ciklusa obrade osobnih podataka, od njihova prikupljanja pa sve do njihova uništenja ili drugog prestanka obrade. HELIOS FAROS obrađuje podatke:
Zakonito – obrada će biti moguća ako je ista dopuštena zakonom, i to u granicama koje zakon dopušta.
Pošteno – uvažavajući specifičnosti svakog odnosa, primjenjujući sve adekvatne mjere za zaštitu osobnih podataka te ne sprječavajući ispitanika u ostvarivanju svojih prava.
Transparentno – informirajući ispitanike o obradama osobnih podataka. Od samog prikupljanja podataka kada su ispitanici informirani o svim aspektima obrade podataka pa sve do prestanka obrade podataka ispitanicima se pruža jednostavan i brz pristup vlastitim podatcima što uključuje mogućnost uvida i dobivanja preslike u skladu s odredbama Uredbe. Određene informacije mogu se ograničiti samo kada je to zahtijevano zakonom ili kada je to nužno za zaštitu trećih osoba.
Uz ograničenje svrhe – obrađujući osobne podatke u one svrhe u koji su prikupljeni, a u druge svrhe ako su za to ispunjeni uvjeti iz Uredbe. Podatci se mogu obrađivati u podudarne svrhe samo uzimajući u obzir: (a) svaku vezu između svrha prikupljanja osobnih podataka i svrha namjeravanog nastavka obrade; (b) kontekst u kojem su prikupljeni osobni podatci, posebno u pogledu odnosa između ispitanika i HELIOS FAROS; (c) prirodu osobnih podataka, osobito činjenicu obrađuju li se posebne kategorije osobnih podataka u skladu s člankom 9. Uredbe ili osobni podatci koji se odnose na kaznene osude i kažnjiva djela u skladu s člankom
10. Uredbe; (d) moguće posljedice namjeravanog nastavka obrade za ispitanike te (e) postojanje odgovarajućih zaštitnih mjera.
Uz ograničenje pohrane – pohranjujući podatke u obliku koji omogućuje identifikaciju ispitanika samo onoliko dugo koliko je potrebno u svrhe radi kojih se osobni podatci obrađuju, a duže samo ako je dopušteno propisima.
Uz smanjenje količine podataka – obrađujući podatke ako su primjereni, relevantni i ograničeni na ono što je nužno. Posebno se pazi da se ne prikupljaju podatci za koje ne postoji opravdana potreba za obradom.
Vodeći računa o točnosti – vodeći računa o točnosti i ažurnosti podataka i brišući netočne podatke u okviru mogućnosti.
Vodeći računa o cjelovitosti i povjerljivosti – pružajući tehničkim i organizacijskim mjerama odgovarajuću sigurnost osobnih podataka, uključujući zaštitu od neovlaštene ili nezakonite obrade te od slučajnoga gubitka, uništenja ili oštećenja primjenom odgovarajućih tehničkih ili organizacijskih mjera. Relevantne mjere primjenjuju se vodeći računa o rizičnosti svake vrste obrade podataka.
Zakonitost obrade osobnih podataka
Kako bi se poštovala zakonitost obrade osobnih podataka, HELIOS FAROS obrađuje osobne podatke samo ako i u onoj mjeri u kojoj je ispunjeno najmanje jedno od sljedećega:
Obrada je nužna za izvršavanje ugovora
u kojem je ispitanik strana ili kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora; ovo je najčešća svrha obrade podataka ispitanika gdje je okosnica postojeći ugovorni odnos ili ugovorni odnos koji se nastoji postići.
Obrada je nužna radi poštovanja pravnih obveza voditelja obrade.
HELIOS FAROS kao pravni subjekt ima brojne obveze koje su propisane raznim propisima. Ova obveza obuhvaća prikupljanje, a često i dostavu podataka državnim tijelima. Primjerice, obrada osobnih podataka dioničara koji se prijavljuju za glavnu skupštinu, obrada osobnih podataka sudionika na sastancima koji se održavaju u prostorijama HELIOS FAROS u skladu sa protuepidemijskim mjerama i sl.
Obrada je nužna za potrebe legitimnih interesa voditelja obrade ili treće strane, osim kada su od tih interesa jači interesi ili temeljna prava i slobode ispitanika koji zahtijevaju zaštitu osobnih podataka, uzimajući u obzir razumna očekivanja ispitanika koja se temelje na njihovu odnosu s voditeljem obrade, osobito ako je ispitanik dijete.
Kod primjene ove pravne osnove HELIOS FAROS procjenjuje da je obrada primjerena poslovnim potrebama, da je što manje invazivna i da interesi ispitanika ne nadjačavaju legitimne interese HELIOS FAROS ili treće strane. Primjer su za ovakvu obradu obrada u administrativne svrhe, svrhe očuvanja sigurnosti računalnih mreža, svrhe izravnog marketinga i unaprjeđenja našeg poslovanja. Ispitanik u ovim situacijama uvijek ima pravo prigovoriti na takvu obradu.
Obrada je nužna kako bi se zaštitili ključni interesi ispitanika ili druge fizičke osobe.
Pravo na zaštitu osobnih podataka nije apsolutno pravo i HELIOS FAROS ujednačava ga s drugim temeljnim pravima u skladu s načelom proporcionalnosti. HELIOS FAROS uvažava mogućnost da je u nekim situacijama potrebno obrađivati osobne podatke kako bi se zaštitili ključni interesi ispitanika ili druge fizičke osobe.
Ispitanik je dao privolu za obradu svojih osobnih podataka u jednu ili više posebnih svrha.
Kada obrađuje osobne podatke na temelju privole, HELIOS FAROS posebno vodi računa da su to situacije u kojima ne postoje nikakve, formalne ili neformalne, posljedice za davanje, odbijanje davanja ili uskraćivanja privole. Kada se obrada temelji na privoli, ispitanik može povući privolu u svakom trenutku bez negativnih posljedica. Povlačenje privole ne utječe na zakonitost obrade na temelju privole prije njezina povlačenja.
U nekim izvanrednim situacijama HELIOS FAROS može obrađivati podatke koji se u redovnim situacijama ne bi obrađivali, primjerice prikupljanje podataka na temelju preporuka Hrvatskog zavoda za javno zdravstvo u slučaju epidemija i sl.
Vrste osobnih podataka koji se obrađuju
Posebne kategorije osobnih podataka:
posebne kategorije osobnih podataka obrađuju se samo ako su ispunjeni uvjeti iz članka 9. Uredbe. Primjerice, HELIOS FAROS obrađuje podatke radnika koji spadaju u posebne kategorije osobnih podataka, kao što su podatci o članstvu u sindikatu (primjerice kod ostvarivanja posebnih prava prema relevantnim propisima), vjerskim ili filozofskim uvjerenjima (primjerice kod ostvarivanja prava na dodatne neradne dane za vjerske blagdane ako je pojedinac dobrovoljno otkrio takve podatke u navedenu svrhu) ili podataka koji se odnose na zdravlje (primjerice prema posebnim propisima o zaštiti na radu ili vođenja evidencije o radnicima ili kada se za određene poslove traže posebni certifikati o zdravstvenom stanju) i sl.
Podatci o kaznenim osudama i kažnjivim djelima:
kada za to postoji zakonsko ovlaštenje, HELIOS FAROS obrađuje i osobne podatke koji se odnose na kaznene osude i kažnjiva djela, kao što su na primjer uvjerenja o nekažnjavanju za radnike.
Osobni podatci koji ne spadaju u prethodne dvije skupine:
takvi osobni podatci čine najveći dio obrađenih podataka, a to su najčešće identifikacijski podatci i podatci za kontakt poput imena i prezimena, OIB, podatci koji nastaju na temelju kretanja u prostorijama pod videonadzorom.
Većinu osobnih podataka koje HELIOS FAROS prikuplja, pružaju sami ispitanici te molimo da ne navodite osjetljive informacije (primjerice rasu ili etničko podrijetlo, politička mišljenja, vjerska ili filozofska uvjerenja, i slično) kada to nije nužno. Ako ćete ipak navoditi osjetljive informacije iz bilo kojeg razloga, tim činom daju svoju izričitu privolu za prikupljanje i korištenje tih informacija na načine opisane u ovoj Politici ili na način opisan u trenutku otkrivanja tih informacija.
Dostava podataka trećim subjektima
HELIOS FAROS osobne podatke dijeli s drugima samo kad je to dopušteno.
U okviru izvršavanja zakonskih obveza, HELIOS FAROS obvezna je dostavljati podatke trećim osobama. Primjerice, dostava podataka gostiju putem sustava eVisitor, dostava podataka radnika nadležnim zavodima: Hrvatskom zavodu za mirovinsko osiguranje, Hrvatskom zavodu za zdravstveno osiguranje, Poreznoj upravi te Središnjem registru osiguranika i mirovinskim društvima. Također HELIOS FAROS obvezna je u određenim slučajevima dostaviti ili staviti na uvid podatke u vezi sa zaposlenjem Hrvatskom zavodu za zapošljavanje, primjerice radi uključenja radnika u mjere aktivne politike zapošljavanja, nadležnim policijskim postajama odnosno ministarstvu nadležnom za unutarnje poslove, primjerice u slučaju boravka viših državnih dužnosnika u objektima HELIOS FAROS, kao i za izdavanje dozvola za rad, ministarstvu nadležnom za poslove turizma u slučaju zapošljavanja stipendista, ministarstvu nadležnom za poslove gospodarstva i poduzetništva kada se radi o korištenju potpora za ulaganja, osiguravajućim društvima, bankama i u ostalim slučajevima kada propisi to nalažu.
Također, određeni podatci radnika šalju se bankama ili mirovinskim fondovima u okviru isplata plaća, a podatci se mogu slati i vjerovnicima u skladu s ovršnim propisima. Ponekad se šalju podatci s obzirom na ugovorne obveze, primjerice kod učenika na praksi, podatci se razmjenjuju sa školama, fakultetima.
Određeni osobni podatci dostavljaju se i poslovnim subjektima u svrhe pružanja specifičnih usluga kao primjerice usluge zdravstvenih pregleda radnika (ugovorena medicina rada), nadalje, institucijama koje organiziraju zakonski obvezne edukacije (zaštitu na radu, higijenski minimum, toksikologija) ili revizorskim društvima kod provođenja obvezne revizije, javnim bilježnicima kada se traže ovjere, Financijskoj agenciji za potrebe ishođenja poslovnih certifikata, obveznicima javne nabave kada se HELIOS FAROS javlja na natječaje javne nabave, nadalje u svrhe dodjele i korištenja službenih kartica, službenih mobilnih uređaja ili za kupnju goriva.
Moguća je dostava podataka poslovnim subjektima, izvršiteljima obrade, koji obrađuju podatke uime HELIOS FAROS koja djeluje kao voditelj obrade. Najčešće su to poslovni suradnici HELIOS FAROS koji pružaju informatičke usluge, koji ih čuvaju u svojim bazama ili imaju mogućnost uvida u osobne podatke do završetka obrade. S takvim se subjektima sklapa detaljan ugovor u pogledu njihovih ovlasti i obveza kod obrade osobnih podataka, a sukladno zahtjevima Uredbe.
U određenim situacijama moguće je da vanjski subjekti zajedno s HELIOS FAROS zajednički odrede svrhe i načine obrade osobnih podataka, tada su ti vanjski partneri i HELIOS FAROS zajednički voditelji obrade. U tim odnosima, zajednički voditelji obrade na transparentan način određuju svoje odgovornosti za poštovanje obveza iz Uredbe, osobito s obzirom na ostvarivanje prava ispitanika i svojih dužnosti poštovanja transparentnosti obrade, osim ako su odgovornosti zakonom utvrđene.
Poseban slučaj dostave podataka trećim subjektima činjenica je da HELIOS FAROS ima sklopljene poduzetničke ugovore s trgovačkim društvima na temelju kojih upravlja turističkim dijelom poslovanja. To znači da u određenim slučajevima gosti HELIOS FAROSA mogu dobiti od HELIOS FAROSA i ponude koje sadržavaju informacije o drugim hotelima i objektima kojima upravlja HELIOS FAROS. Također, na temelju poduzetničkih ugovora HELIOS FAROS ima određena prava i obveze vezano uz ljudske potencijale. U tim slučajevima HELIOS FAROS ima pravo obrade osobnih podataka ispitanika tih društava. Sva načela iz ove Politike odnose se i na ispitanike tih društava u segmentima u kojima je uključena HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade, međutim i ta su društva odgovorna kao voditelji svojih obrada podataka ispitanika.
Ako u okviru obrade podataka dolazi do iznošenja podataka u treće zemlje HELIOS FAROS osigurava poštovanje visokih standarda zaštite kako bi se poštovao najviši mogući standard zaštite osobnih podataka, a u skladu sa strogim zahtjevima Uredbe. U tom smislu, kada su u primjeni međunarodni prijenosi osobnih podataka HELIOS FAROS će informirati ispitanika o namjeri iznošenja osobnih podataka trećoj zemlji ili međunarodnoj organizaciji te o postojanju ili nepostojanju odluke Europske komisije o primjerenosti. Svaki prijenos osobnih podataka u treće zemlje bit će obavljen u skladu s poglavljem V. Uredbe.
Vrijeme čuvanja podataka
Podatci ispitanika obrađuju se i čuvaju, u skladu s važećim zakonskim propisima kada je obveza čuvanja propisana (primjerice isplatne liste, analitička evidencija o plaćama za koje se plaćaju obvezni doprinosi čuvaju se trajno, a knjigovodstvene isprave na temelju kojih su podatci uneseni u dnevnik, glavnu knjigu i pomoćne knjige čuvaju se najmanje jedanaest godina), a u situacijama kada je HELIOS FAROS ovlaštena sama utvrditi rokove čuvanja podataka, podatci se čuvaju onoliko koliko je potrebno u svrhe radi kojih se osobni podatci obrađuju vodeći računa o svrsi obrade, legitimnim interesima HELIOS FAROSA i interesima ispitanika da se podatci brišu.
Prava ispitanika
Bez obzira na osnovu prikupljanja podataka, ispitanici mogu besplatno ostvariti sljedeća prava u granicama koje propisuje Uredba:
Pravo na informiranje:
ispitanik ima pravo biti informiran o obradi i njezinim svrhama. HELIOS FAROS vodi računa o pružanju svih informacija ispitaniku koje su neophodne za osiguravanje poštene i transparentne obrade uzimajući u obzir kontekst obrade.
Pravo na brisanje
(„pravo na zaborav“): ispitanik ima pravo zatražiti od HELIOS FAROSA brisanje osobnih podataka koji se na njega odnose, bez nepotrebnog odgađanja sukladno uvjetima iz Uredbe. Da biste to učinili, pošaljite svoj zahtjev nama kao voditelju obrade pisanim putem, uključujući i elektronički oblik komunikacije. Napominjemo kako je u zahtjevu potrebno specificirati što konkretno želite da se briše jer Vaše podatke možemo čuvati na temelju različitih pravnih osnova, primjerice ispitanik može biti i naš gost i kandidat za zaposlenje. Imate pravo tražiti brisanje osobnih podataka koji se na Vas odnose ako je ispunjen jedan od sljedećih uvjeta:
Vaši osobni podatci više nisu nužni u odnosu na svrhu u koju smo ih prikupili ili obradili
povukli ste privolu na kojoj se obrada temelji i ako ne postoji druga pravna osnova za obradu
uložili ste prigovor na obradu svojih osobnih podataka te ako ne postoje naši jači legitimni razlozi za obradu
osobni podatci nezakonito su obrađeni
osobni podatci moraju se brisati radi poštovanja pravne obveze.
U nekim slučajevima neće biti moguće u potpunosti ispuniti zahtjev za brisanjem, primjerice kada  postoji zakonska obveza čuvanja, kada je legitimni interes voditelja obrade jači od interesa ispitanika, kada postoji interes voditelja obrade radi postavljanja, ostvarivanja ili obrane pravnih zahtjeva.
Pravo na pristup podatcima:
HELIOS FAROS na zahtjev ispitanika izdat će mu potvrdu obrađuju li se njegovi osobni podatci te ako se takvi osobni podatci obrađuju, pristup osobnim podatcima i svrsi obrade, kategorijama podataka, potencijalnim primateljima kojima će osobni podatci biti otkriveni i drugim podatcima u skladu sa zahtjevima Uredbe. Ispitanik ima pravo dobiti i presliku osobnih podataka koji se obrađuju. Pristup osobnim podatcima može biti ograničen samo u zakonom propisanim slučajevima odnosno kada se takvim ograničenjem poštuje bit temeljnih prava i sloboda drugih.
Pravo na ispravak:
ispitanik ima pravo bez nepotrebnog odgađanja ishoditi od HELIOS FAROSA ispravak netočnih osobnih podataka koji se na njega odnose. Uzimajući u obzir svrhe obrade, ispitanik ima pravo dopuniti nepotpune osobne podatke. Da biste to učinili, pošaljite svoj zahtjev nama kao voditelju obrade pisanim putem, uključujući i elektronički oblik komunikacije. Napominjemo kako je u zahtjevu potrebno specificirati što konkretno nije točno, potpuno ili ažurno i u kojem bi smislu navedeno trebalo ispraviti te dostaviti potrebnu dokumentaciju u prilog svojih navoda.
Pravo na prenosivost podataka:
Ispitanik ima pravo zaprimiti osobne podatke koji se odnose na njega u strukturiranom, uobičajeno upotrebljavanom i strojno čitljivom formatu u skladu sa zahtjevima Uredbe.
Pravo na prigovor:
kada HELIOS FAROS obrađuje podatke na temelju svojih legitimnih interesa koji su jači od interesa ispitanika, tada ispitanik ima pravo na temelju svoje posebne situacije u svakom trenutku uložiti prigovor na obradu osobnih podataka koji se odnose na njega.
Pravo na ograničenje obrade:
ispitanik ima mogućnost od HELIOS FAROSA tražiti ostvarenje prava na ograničenje obrade u slučaju da osporava točnost osobnih podataka, smatra da je obrada nezakonita te se protivi brisanju osobnih podataka i umjesto toga traži ograničenje njihove uporabe te je ispitanik uložio prigovor na obradu i očekuje potvrdu nadilaze li legitimni razlozi voditelja obrade razloge ispitanika.
U svakom slučaju ispitanici imaju i pravo:
podnijeti prigovor Službeniku za zaštitu osobnih podataka,
podnijeti pritužbu nadzornom tijelu (Agencija za zaštitu osobnih podataka) ako smatraju da su im povrijeđena prava na zaštitu podataka.
Svoj pisani zahtjev uputite na adresu za kontakt službenika za zaštitu osobnih  podataka:
katija.damijanic@heliosfaros.hr
odnosno putem pošte na adresu Helios Faros d.d., Naselje Helios 21460 Stari Grad, Republika Hrvatska – za DPO
HELIOS FAROS ima pravo i objaviti obrazac koji će služiti za podnošenje zahtjeva kako bi se što učinkovitije postupilo po zahtjevu.
HELIOS FAROS na zahtjev pruža informacije o poduzetim radnjama u vezi s ostvarivanjem prava ispitanika bez nepotrebnog odgađanja i u svakom slučaju u roku od mjesec dana od dana zaprimanja zahtjeva. Taj se rok može prema potrebi produljiti za dodatna dva mjeseca, uzimajući u obzir složenost i broj zahtjeva. HELIOS FAROS obavješćuje ispitanika o svakom takvom produljenju u roku od mjesec dana od dana zaprimanja zahtjeva, zajedno s razlozima odgađanja.
Ako ispitanik podnese zahtjev elektroničkim putem, HELIOS FAROS  informacije pruža elektroničkim putem ako je to moguće, osim ako ispitanik zatraži drukčije.
Postupanja po zahtjevima ispitanika u pravilu su besplatna, ali ako su zahtjevi ispitanika očito neutemeljeni ili pretjerani, a osobito zbog njihova učestalog ponavljanja, HELIOS FAROS ima pravo naplatiti razumnu naknadu na temelju administrativnih troškova ili odbiti postupiti po zahtjevu.
Zaštita osobnih podataka djece
HELIOS FAROS savjetuje roditeljima i skrbnicima da pouče djecu (do 18 godina života) o sigurnom i odgovornom postupanju s osobnim podatcima posebice na internetu. HELIOS FAROS obrađuje osobne podatke djece isključivo uz prethodnu privolu roditelja/skrbnika (primjerice: stipendisti, kada su djeca gosti naših objekata, posjetitelji Maro igraonica i sl).
Izvori osobnih podataka
Osobne podatke HELIOS FAROS dobiva najčešće od ispitanika. Prilikom davanja osobnih podataka HELIOS FAROSU, na bilo koji način (rezervacija smještaja, prijava za posao…), jamčite da su informacije koje ste priložili točne, da ste poslovno sposobni i ovlašteni raspolagati danim informacijama te da ste u cijelosti suglasni da HELIOS FAROS Vaše podatke upotrebljava i prikuplja u skladu s pozitivnim propisima i uvjetima ove Politike privatnosti.
Također, osobne podatke ispitanika HELIOS FAROS dobiva i od drugih fizičkih i pravnih osoba, primjerice: od turističkih agencija koje prosljeđuju podatke gostiju za potrebe smještaja, gostiju koji rezerviraju smještaj za osobe s kojima će boraviti u objektima, agencija za posredovanje pri zapošljavanju i ustupanje radnika. Prilikom davanja osobnih podataka drugih osoba HELIOS FAROSU jamčite da su informacije koje ste priložili točne, da ste poslovno sposobni i ovlašteni raspolagati danim informacijama, da su ispitanici čije osobne podatke prosljeđujete HELIOS FAROSU suglasni da HELIOS FAROS njihove podatke upotrebljava i prikuplja u skladu s pozitivnim propisima i uvjetima ove Politike privatnosti.
Tehnička i integrirana zaštita podataka
HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade vodi računa o najvišim organizacijskim i tehničkim standardima zaštite podataka. Stoga, uzimajući u obzir najnovija dostignuća, trošak provedbe te prirodu, opseg, kontekst i svrhe obrade, kao i rizike različitih razina vjerojatnosti i ozbiljnosti za prava i slobode pojedinaca koji proizlaze iz obrade podataka, u vrijeme određivanja sredstava obrade i u vrijeme same obrade, provodi odgovarajuće tehničke i organizacijske mjere za omogućavanje učinkovite primjene načela zaštite podataka.
Također, HELIOS FAROS provodi odgovarajuće tehničke i organizacijske mjere kojima se osigurava da integriranim načinom budu obrađeni samo osobni podatci koji su nužni za svaku posebnu svrhu obrade. Tu mjeru HELIOS FAROS primjenjuje na količinu prikupljenih osobnih podataka, opseg njihove obrade, razdoblje pohrane i njihovu dostupnost. Točnije, takvim se mjerama osigurava da osobni podatci nisu automatski, bez intervencije pojedinca, dostupni neograničenom broju pojedinca.
Postupanje po povredama osobnih podataka
HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade osigurava da u slučaju povrede osobnih podataka bez nepotrebnog odgađanja i, ako je izvedivo, najkasnije 72 sata nakon saznanja o toj povredi, izvješćuje nadležno nadzorno tijelo o povredi osobnih podataka, osim ako nije vjerojatno da će povreda osobnih podataka prouzročiti rizik za prava i slobode pojedinaca.
Izvješće koje se dostavlja nadzornom tijelu sadržava sve informacije sukladno Uredbi.
U slučaju povrede osobnih podataka koje će vjerojatno prouzročiti visok rizik za prava i slobode pojedinaca, HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade bez nepotrebnog odgađanja obavješćuje ispitanika o povredi osobnih podataka. Ponekad, u slučajevima kada Uredba propisuje, obavješćivanje ispitanika nije obvezno.
POSEBNI DIO
BORAVAK U OBJEKTIMA (hoteli, apartmani, kampovi)
Osnovni predmet poslovanja HELIOS FAROSA pružanje je usluga smještaja u hotelima, apartmanima i kampovima. Stoga, HELIOS FAROS prikuplja i obrađuje Vaše osobne podatke u različite svrhe s krajnjim ciljem kvalitetnog pružanja usluge smještaja i popratnih usluga sve prema najvišim standardima turističkih društava.
Vaše osobne podatke, koje morate dostaviti da bi Vam se pružila usluga HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade čuva u svojoj bazi podataka u svrhu ispunjavanja ugovora o smještaju te ispunjavanja zakonskih obveza vezanih uz ugostiteljsku djelatnost. U slučaju da ne ustupite HELIOS FAROSU minimum podataka potreban za rezervaciju smještaja i prilikom odsjedanja za prijavu svim nadležnim registrima, HELIOS FAROS neće Vam biti u mogućnosti pružiti uslugu rezervacije smještaja odnosno uslugu smještaja sukladno ugovoru i zakonu.
Određeni podatci nužni su kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora o smještaju. Primjerice, prije same rezervacije smještaja, na upit osoba potencijalnih gostiju, šalju se ponude za smještaj, za izradu kojih HELIOS FAROS treba osobne podatke, najmanje ime, prezime i e-adresu kako bi mogla poslati ponudu.
Osobne podatke koje HELIOS FAROS prikuplja pri rezervaciji smještaja (rezervacije putem weba ili rezervacije telefonom pozivom u pozivni centar ili rezervacije prihvaćanjem ponude e- poštom) radi ispunjavanja obveze rezervacije su:
Ime i prezime nositelja rezervacije
Adresa prebivališta (hrvatski državljani)
Datum rođenja
Broj, vrsta identifikacijskog dokumenta i mjesto izdavanja
Državljanstvo
Ime objekta
Broj smještajne jedinice, vrsta smještajne jedinice (tip sobe)
Datum dolaska i odlaska
Broj osoba za koje se rezervira smještaj i razmještaj po sobama
Koje su osobe maloljetne
Eventualno ostale specifičnosti ovisno o zahtjevu osobe koja rezervira smještaj
E-adresa ako ju osoba ima
Jezik
Telefon
Članstvo u Programu vjernosti ako utječe na cijenu smještaja ili prikupljanje bodova
Način plaćanja i eventualno dodatne podatke nužne za potrebe izvršenje transakcija ili osiguranja plaćanja
U slučaju otkaza rezervacije, Vaše podatke moramo sačuvati za potrebe dokazivanja rezervacije odnosno otkaza iste.
Prilikom dolaska u objekt, gosti se u pravilu prijavljuju na recepciji objekta putem registracijske kartice koju gost ispunjava odnosno pregledava i potvrđuje točnost podataka ili se prijavljuju korištenjem aplikacija za samostalnu prijavu (engl. self check-in). U svakom slučaju, podatci se unose u bazu gostiju iz koje se podatci automatizmom šalju u sustav eVisitor (jedinstveni online informacijski sustav za prijavu i odjavu gostiju) radi poštovanja pravnih obveza HELIOS FAROS Podatci koji se prikupljaju (podatci se mogu mijenjati s obzirom na izmjene pozitivnih propisa):
Ime i prezime
Mjesto, država i datum rođenja
Državljanstvo
Broj i vrsta identifikacijskog dokumenta
Prebivalište (boravište) i adresa
Datum i vrijeme dolaska, odnosno odlaska iz objekta
Spol
Temelj za oslobođenje od plaćanja turističke pristojbe odnosno za umanjenje plaćanja turističke pristojbe
Navedene podatke obrađuju turističke zajednice i tijela javne vlasti Republike Hrvatske u sljedeće zakonite svrhe:
praćenja izvršenja obveze prijave i odjave turista od strane obveznika prijave i odjave (pružatelja usluga smještaja)
evidencije, obračuna i naplate turističke pristojbe
vođenja knjige ili popisa gostiju od strane pružatelja usluga smještaja te praćenja izvršenja navedene obveze od strane inspekcijskih tijela vođenja
prijave stranaca ministarstvu nadležnom za unutarnje poslove te praćenja izvršenja navedene obveze od strane inspekcijskih tijela
vođenja popisa turista od strane turističkih zajednica te statističke obrade i izvještavanja
nadzora nad poslovanjem pružatelja usluge smještaja u dijelu koji se odnosi na zakonitost obavljanja djelatnosti odnosno pružanja registriranih usluga te poštovanja poreznih i drugih propisa o javnim davanjima.
S obzirom na to da je propisano da se podatci za prijavu gostiju upisuju na temelju podataka iz osobne iskaznice, odnosno putne ili neke druge isprave o identitetu, gost je dužan HELIOS FAROS dati na uvid takvu ispravu te pružiti sve druge informacije koje su potrebne za upis podataka, a nisu sadržane u takvoj ispravi. Isto tako, za ostvarenje nekih prava i pogodnosti potrebno je priložiti (preslike) odgovarajuće isprave, potvrde i dokumente kojima se takva prava i pogodnosti dokazuju i ostvaruju.
Također, HELIOS FAROS dužna je čuvati i sve račune, kao i podloge za izdavanje računa izdane gostima s osobnim podatcima gosta sukladno zakonskim propisima.
Ostali podatci vezani uz okolnosti Vašeg boravka, kao što su primjerice: način putovanja, s kime putujete, bračno stanje, broj djece, kućni ljubimci, ostali interesi, također će biti prikupljeni i obrađivani tijekom Vašeg boravka kad imaju izravnu vezu s pružanjem usluge smještaja.
Prije, za vrijeme i nakon boravka HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa Vama kao gostu e-poštom slati tzv. servisne poruke – potvrde rezervacije, podsjetnike o boravku i ostale obavijesti usko vezane uz konkretan boravak koji ste rezervirali.
Također, za vrijeme i nakon boravka, HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa Vama kao gostu e-poštom, SMS-om i/ili preko instant messaging platforme (Viber, Whatsapp i sl.) slati upitnike o zadovoljstvu koje će obrađivati sam ili putem suradnika. Primarna je svrha upitnika o zadovoljstvu prikupljanje podataka o usluzi radi legitimnog interesa unaprjeđenja usluge od strane HELIOS FAROS, a HELIOS FAROS te podatke iz upitnika može depersonalizirati i obrađivati u statističke svrhe.
HELIOS FAROS ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke i koristiti u svrhu izravnog marketinga kako je opisano u poglavlju Newsletteri.
Servisne poruke i poruke s upitnicima o zadovoljstvu koji su vezani uz konkretan boravak gosta ne smatraju se newsletterima radi slanja ponude i vijesti HELIOS FAROS.
U odnosu na gore navedene informacije, VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d. ostvaruje pristup osobnim podacima s naslova usluga upravljanja.
KANDIDATI ZA ZAPOSLENJE I RADNICI
HELIOS FAROS poslodavac je velikom broju pojedinaca te ovaj dio Politike uređuje zaštitu osobnih podataka ponajprije u procesima u vezi sa zaposlenjem, razvojem i edukacijom unutar HELIOS FAROSA. U tom smislu ispitanici su ponajprije bivši i sadašnji radnici, tražitelji posla, osobe na praksi (učenici), stručnom usavršavanju, studenti koji rade na temelju tzv. studentskog ugovora, stipendisti te druge osobe čiji se podatci obrađuju u okviru radno pravnih   i srodnih odnosa.
U okviru obrada podataka koje se provode u vezi sa zaposlenjem, HELIOS FAROS identificirala je sljedeće svrhe obrade:
Selekcija kadrova:
uključuje prikupljanje i daljnju obradu relevantne natječajne dokumentacije, testiranje i ocjenjivanje, prikupljanje i analizu informacija o kandidatima iz javno dostupnih izvora, uključujući informacije koje je kandidat sam o sebi javno objavio ako je to važno zbog rizika koje određeno radno mjesto podrazumijeva.
Smanjivanje reputacijskog rizika:
prikupljanje i analiza informacija o zaposlenicima i osobama u usporedivom odnosu iz javno dostupnih izvora, uključujući informacije koje je sam ispitanik o sebi javno objavio ako je to važno zbog rizika koje određeno radno mjesto podrazumijeva.
Zaključenje ugovora:
obrada u svrhe zaključenja ugovora o radu, studentskog ugovora, stručne   prakse   ili   stručnog   osposobljavanja,    ugovora    o    stipendiranju    s osobama koje nisu u radnom odnosu u IMPERIAL RIVIERI ili bilo kojeg drugog usporedivog odnosa.
Ostvarivanje materijalnih i drugih prava:
obrada je nužna kako bi se ostvarila materijalna i druga prava radnika, osoba u usporedivom odnosu ili drugih osoba (npr. djeca, supružnici ili korisnici osiguranja), primjerice za ostvarivanje prava za ulazak u mjere aktivne politike zapošljavanja (stalni sezonac i ostali), za ostvarenja dodatnih prava radnika po kolektivnom ugovoru HELIOS FAROS (primjerice: rođenje djeteta) i drugo.
Ispunjenje ugovora:
obrada podataka nužna je u svrhu ispunjenja ugovora od strane ispitanika što uključuje ispunjenje radnih obveza, praćenja njihova izvršavanja i osiguravanja svih relevantnih mjera za njihovo izvršavanje.
Prijava smještaja:
obrada podataka nužna je u slučaju da ispitanici borave u objektima za personalni smještaj radnika radi prijave boravka nadležnim tijelima.
Upravljanje radnim učinkom:
ova svrha uključuje i informacije o postizanju prethodno utvrđenih ciljeva, pravovremenom ispunjenju ciljeva te daljnje analize radi utvrđivanja budućih ciljeva, upravljanja ljudskim potencijalima, utvrđivanja iznosa nagrada i drugim relevantnim mjerama.
Nagrađivanje:
obrada uključuje nagrađivanje odnosno isplate fiksnog i varijabilnog dijela naknade, pri čemu takva obrada može obuhvatiti i podatke o povredama etičkih i drugih internih pravila, podatci iz sustava upravljanja radnim učinkom, o pohađanim edukacijama, kao i sve druge relevantne podatke.
Educiranje:
obrada u svrhe educiranja osoba koje djeluju pod vodstvom HELIOS FAROS, uključujući i provjere znanja, što uključuje i sve potrebne radnje za kandidiranje i prijavljivanje ispitanika, analizu stečenih znanja i sve druge relevantne informacije za organiziranje, provedbu i daljnje postupanje po provođenju edukacija.
Izrada različitih izvještaja o radnicima:
neki izvještaji izrađuju se radi zakonske obveze HELIOS FAROS, neki radi ostvarenja određenih prava, ispunjenja obveza HELIOS FAROS u slučaju ugovaranja i ostvarivanja dodatnih pogodnosti za radnike, budžetiranja i sl.
Informiranje:
prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja kandidata o otvorenim pozicijama i natječajima, odnosno mogućnostima zaposlenja unutar HELIOS FAROS. Prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja svih radnika HELIOS FAROSA o novonastalim promjenama ili posebnim obavijestima važnim za ostvarivanje prava iz radnog odnosa ili važne obavijesti iz područja opće upućenosti u događanja i aktivnosti u HELIOS FAROSU u vezi s ostvarivanjem prava iz radnog odnosa ili svakog usporedivog odnosa. U tu se svrhu radi brzine i bolje obaviještenosti informacije šalju putem poruke telefonom i/ili na službene e-adrese, odnosno privatne ako je radnik dao privolu za korištenje e-adrese u tu svrhu. Nadalje, HELIOS FAROS može nuditi radnicima korištenje aplikacija koje radnici svojevoljno instaliraju na svoje mobilne uređaje putem koje mogu saznati razne novosti vezane uz HELIOS FAROS ili njezine partnere.
Zaštita imovine i osoba:
uključuje praćenje ulaza/izlaza iz poslovnih prostorija, korištenja službenih mobilnih uređaja, računalne opreme, internetskog i telefonskog prometa, automobila, prostorija, i druge imovine HELIOS FAROS kao i pristup imovini gostiju u skladu s internim aktima.
Prestanak radnog odnosa:
obrada podataka zbog prestanka ugovora o radu ili drugog usporedivog ugovora, a radi ispunjenja zakonskih i ugovornih obveza.
Praćenje etičnog ponašanja:
obrada uključuje sve postupke u kojima se istražuje poštovanje propisa o etičnom ponašanju ili propisa u vezi sa zaštitom dostojanstva, odnosno u okviru bilo kojeg drugog disciplinskog postupanja, bez obzira je li ispitanik prijavljena osoba ili prijavljenik.
Zaštita na radu:
obrada podataka može biti potrebna i u slučajevima kada je nužna za ispunjenje svrhe posebnih propisa o zaštiti na radu, uključujući alko testiranje sukladno propisima.
HELIOS FAROS ima legitiman interes ostvarivati razne pogodnosti za svoje radnike, kao i olakšati neke poslovne procese. U tom smislu HELIOS FAROS može na temelju posebne odluke odlučiti o raznim alatima kojima se postižu te svrhe (primjerice izdavanje radnicima ID kartice kojima se ostvaruju popusti, davanje određenih uputa putem SMS-a, fotografiranje u određenim slučajevima i sl.) u kojem će slučaju pravodobno obavijestiti sve radnike.
Pored navedenih svrha moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz radnog odnosa, odnosno u vezi s radnim odnosom i svakim usporedivim odnosom.
Baza podataka HELIOS FAROSA o bivšim i sadašnjim radnicima, kandidatima, osobama na praksi (učenici), stručnom usavršavanju, studentima koji rade na temelju tzv. studentskog ugovora, stipendistima te drugim osobama čiji se podatci obrađuju u okviru radno pravnih i srodnih odnosa vodi se u posebnoj aplikaciji. S nositeljem održavanja i podrške aplikacije kao izvršiteljem obrade osobnih podataka sklopljen je odgovarajući ugovor.
Selekcija kadrova
HELIOS FAROS kao potencijalni poslodavac prikuplja, obrađuje i čuva podatke kandidata za zapošljavanje u HELIOS FAROSU u bazi kandidata na temelju njihove dobrovoljne prijave, i to na sljedeće načine:
prijava kandidata putem web prijavnog obrasca koji služi kao svojevrstan životopis (CV)
prijava putem e-poruke
dolaskom na organizirane audicije i ispunjavanjem prijavnih obrazaca
na drugi način.
Podatci koji se u pravilu prikupljaju: ime, prezime, datum rođenja, adresa, državljanstvo, OIB (za hrvatske državljane s obzirom na to da je OIB najpouzdaniji podatak kojim razlikujemo kandidate), mobitel, e-adresa (u svrhu kontaktiranja), spol, stručna sprema, jezik, preferirani način komunikacije.
Podatke o kandidatima HELIOS FAROS može dobivati posredno, od domaćih i stranih agencija za zapošljavanje, u kojem slučaju te agencije imaju obvezu obavijestiti kandidate o obradi njihovih osobnih podataka od strane HELIOS FAROSA.
Kandidati svoje prijave za posao šalju:
kao otvorene molbe u kojem slučaju obrađujemo podatke radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem pet godina
kao prijave na konkretne natječaje koji imaju naveden rok završetka u kojem slučaju obrađujemo podatke za vrijeme trajanja natječaja i pet mjeseci od završetka natječaja radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem, a te se prijave arhiviraju na pet godina.
U slučaju da kandidati koji se jave na konkretan natječaj koji ima naveden rok završetka daju posebnu privolu, obrađujemo podatke radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem pet godina, kao i otvorene molbe.
HELIOS FAROS ima legitiman interes koristiti dobivene e-adrese, ali i ostale dostavljene podatke za kontakt za kontaktiranje kandidata vezano uz zaposlenje. Primjerice, nakon prijave kandidati mogu dobiti automatski odgovor da je njihova prijava zaprimljena te da će biti kontaktirani kandidati čije su kvalifikacije i iskustva u skladu s traženima za pojedina radna mjesta. Također, nakon prijave kandidati mogu dobiti poruku na broj telefona s predloženim terminom intervjua, poruku u kojoj je navedena dokumentacija potrebna za zapošljavanje i slično. Dodatno, osobe koje su radile na određeno vrijeme, pretežito sezonske poslove, HELIOS FAROS ima legitiman interes kontaktirati u svrhu informiranja o obavijestima važnim za poslovanje i ključne aktivnosti u HELIOS FAROSU, a radi održavanja kontakta u svrhu eventualne daljnje suradnje. U svako se doba besplatno možete odjaviti s liste primatelja vijesti iz HELIOS FAROSA.
Podatke koji se čuvaju pružaju sami kandidati, ali HELIOS FAROS na temelju legitimnog interesa osiguravanja najboljih kandidata stvara osobne podatke u vezi s aktivnostima zapošljavanja, kao što su rezultati razgovora za posao, testiranja i procjene, te prikuplja osobne podatke i od trećih strana, ponajprije provjerom podataka dobivenih tijekom procesa zapošljavanja kontaktiranjem relevantnih trećih strana (primjerice: agencije za zapošljavanje, pružatelji usluga obrazovanja i osposobljavanja) ili korištenjem javno dostupnih izvora.
Radni odnos i ostali usporedivi odnosi
HELIOS FAROS kao poslodavac prikuplja, obrađuje i čuva sve podatke radnika u bazi radnika koja se vodi u informatičkom programu i u fizičkim dosjeima radnika. Podatci koji se prikupljaju navedeni su u Pravilniku o sadržaju i načinu vođenja evidencije o radnicima koje je objavilo ministarstvo nadležno za rad i mirovinski sustav.
Potrebni podatci za zasnivanje radnog odnosa u pravilu su: preslika osobne iskaznice, preslika tekućeg računa ili uputa za plaćanje od banke, preslika zaštićenog računa (ako ga radnik posjeduje), OIB, dokaz o stručnoj spremi (preslika svjedodžbe ili diplome), e-knjižica: potvrda o mirovinskom stažu, (pribaviti ju u HZMO-u ili putem usluge e-Građani), Elektronički zapis obrasca porezne kartice, tzv. PK obrasca (pribaviti ga u Poreznoj upravi ili putem usluge e- Građani, osobe koje se prvi put zapošljavaju ne posjeduju elektronički zapis obrasca porezne kartice i moraju je otvoriti u Poreznoj upravi), rodni list djeteta ako je mlađe od 15 godina.
Potrebni podatci za sklapanje studentskih ugovora u pravilu su: potvrda fakulteta za tekuću godinu kao dokaz studentskog statusa ili preslika indeksa o upisanoj tekućoj godini, preslika osobne iskaznice, potvrda o upisnini za Studentski centar (nije slučaj sa svim studentskim centrima), jedna fotografija ili X-ica, OIB.
Osim tih podataka, HELIOS FAROS može u dosjeu radnika čuvati i ostale podatke koji su prikupljeni u postupku zapošljavanja, kao i ostale podatke koji su prikupljeni tijekom radnog odnosa određeni pravilnicima HELIOS FAROSA (primjerice: nagrade, opomene, certifikate i sl.).
Svi podatci radnika čuvaju se u bazi radnika datumom zasnivanja radnog odnosa i ažurno se vode do prestanka radnog odnosa te se isti čuvaju kao dokumentacija trajne vrijednosti sukladno relevantnim propisima.
HELIOS FAROS u svojoj bazi čuva i podatke ostalih osoba u poslovnom odnosu usporedivom s radnim odnosom ili osoba na praksi i stručnom usavršavanju, i to s početkom rada i ažurno ih vodi do prestanka rada te se čuvaju sukladno relevantnim propisima. Poseban su slučaj podatci učenika na praksi koji mogu biti maloljetni o kojima se vodi posebna pažnja i čiji se podatci prikupljaju i čuvaju sukladno posebnim propisima uz odobrenje škole i roditelja.
Podatci o plaći, platne liste – podliježu posebnim propisima o čuvanju. U svakom slučaju svi radnici i ostale osobe u poslovnom odnosu usporedivom s radnim odnosom ili osoba na praksi i stručnom usavršavanju imaju sva prava ispitanika.
U odnosu na gore navedene informacije, VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d. ostvaruje pristup osobnim podacima s naslova usluga upravljanja.
POSLOVNI PARTNERI
HELIOS FAROS u svojem poslovanju obrađuje i podatke poslovnih partnera ili potencijalnih poslovnih partnera, a to su:
fizičke osobe koje jesu, mogu postati ili su bili poslovni partneri HELIOS FAROSA npr. obrtnici, osobe koje su u režimu samostalnih zanimanja (npr. odvjetnici, liječnici i dr.), osobe s kojima se sklapaju ugovori o djelu (npr. pjevači, slikari, fotografi i dr.) i ostale fizičke osobe koje imaju položaj poduzetnika
fizičke osobe koje u nekom dijelu poslovanja predstavljaju pravne osobe s kojima HELIOS FAROS ima, može imati ili je imala poslovni odnos (npr. osobe koje obavljaju dostavu za svog poslodavca trgovačko društvo, osobe kojima se šalju računi za njihova poslodavca pravnu osobu, potpisnici ugovora za trgovačko društvo koje predstavljaju osobe koje za trgovačko društvo obavljaju primopredaju, osobe koje za svoju pravnu osobu organiziraju kongrese i sl.).
U okviru obrada podataka Ispitanika, HELIOS FAROS identificirao je sljedeće svrhe obrade:
Zaključenje ugovora:
obrada u svrhe zaključenja ugovora iz bilo kojeg područja djelovanja HELIOS FAROSA (primjerice: slanje upita, slanje posebnih ponuda, traženje podataka o potpisnicima ugovora, slanje natječaja za pravne osobe koje ispitanici predstavljaju i sl.)
Ispunjenje ugovora:
obrada podataka nužna je u svrhu ispunjenja ugovora što uključuje ispunjenje obveza, praćenja njihova izvršavanja i osiguravanja svih relevantnih mjera za njihovo izvršavanje (primjerice: za dogovor o vremenu i mjestu isporuke opreme na temelju ugovora, za slanje računa i sl.).
Informiranje: prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja; HELIOS FAROS ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke i koristiti ih u svrhu izravnog marketinga kako je opisano u poglavlju Newsletteri.
Pored navedenih svrha moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz poslovnog odnosa.
Vrsta osobnih podataka
ispitanika koji se prikupljaju su:
ime i prezime
e-adresa
broj telefona
podatci o funkciji unutar pravne osobe koju predstavlja (npr. referent prodaje, tajnica uprave i sl.)
zanimanje kada je ispitanik fizička osoba s kojom se stupa u ugovorni odnos (primjerice: pjevač, slikar, fotograf, odvjetnik, liječnik...)
ponekad reference i kratki životopisi (posebno za konzultante)
podatci koji su navedeni na obrascima bjanko zadužnice, zadužnice, mjenice
broj računa u banci (IBAN) kada je poslovni partner fizička osoba s kojom se stupa u ugovorni odnos
ostali podatci ovisno o prirodi poslovnog odnosa.
Mjesta prikupljanja osobnih podataka
ispitanika:
zaprimljene ponude ispitanika za poslovnom suradnjom
zaprimljeni podatci od ispitanika u kontekstu prodaje proizvoda/usluga HELIOS FAROSA ili kupnje proizvoda/usluga od poslovnog partnera (primjerice: sajmovi, kongresi i sl.)
poslovna korespondencija vezano uz određenu prethodnu ili sadašnju poslovnu suradnju (primjerice korespondencija koja se vrši u sklopu izvršavanja ugovora)
javno objavljeni podaci (primjerice: sudski registar, web stranice poslovnih partnera, časopisi, bilteni i sl.).
Pored navedenih vrsta podataka i mjesta prikupljanja moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz poslovnog odnosa.
Vrijeme čuvanja
Podaci ispitanika koji su kao fizičke osobe u poslovnom odnosu s HELIOS FAROSOM čuvaju se u skladu s važećim zakonskim propisima (primjerice HELIOS FAROS dužan je čuvati i sve račune, kao i podloge za izdavanje računa sukladno zakonskim propisima).
U situacijama kada je HELIOS FAROS ovlašten sam utvrditi rokove čuvanja podataka, isti se utvrđuju vodeći računa o svrsi obrade i interesima ispitanika da se podatci unište, i to je određeno na najviše pet godina od prestanka ugovornog odnosa (u slučaju da je isti postojao).
U odnosu na gore navedene informacije, VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d. ostvaruje pristup osobnim podacima s naslova usluga upravljanja.
JAVNE OBJAVE
HELIOS FAROS putem svojih internetskih stranica, profila na društvenim mrežama,  videozidova i oglasnih ploča u objektima objavljuje informacije koje su od interesa za postojeće, ali i potencijalne radnike, goste, poslovne partnere, dakle javnost. Takve objave mogu sadržavati ograničeni skup osobnih podataka, poput imena i prezimena, funkcija, profesionalnih podataka, videa, izjava i fotografija.
Pravna osnova za obradu legitiman je interes informiranja javnosti, ali i marketing, prilikom koje se obrade uvijek pazi na interes ispitanika pa se ne objavljuju osobni podatci ako se utvrdi da je interes ispitanika da se određeni osobni podatci ne objave, jači od interesa HELIOS FAROSA za objavu istih. U nekim situacijama, objava informacija može se temeljiti na privoli u skladu s najvišim standardima.
Objave imaju trajan karakter čime se osigurava informiranje o aktualnim događajima, kao i uvid u prethodne aktivnosti.
Obrada će prestati ako se na temelju prigovora ispitanika utvrdi da je takav prigovor opravdan ili ako je ispitanik povukao privolu u situacijama kada je privola primjenjiva i to na način koji je moguće provesti.
WEB STRANICE, KOLAČIĆI (COOKIES) I INTERNETSKE TEHNOLOGIJE
Internetske stranice HELIOS FAROSA primjenjuju kolačiće (cookiese), a politika kolačiča dostupna je na linku: www.heliosfaros.hr/cookie-policy/ .
VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d., koji djeluje kao management kompanija u ime i za račun HELIOS FAROSA (vidi u uvodu), ima nekoliko web-stranica (primjerice: www.valamar.com, https://www.valamar.com/en/hotels-hvar/hvar-places-hotel, www.camping-adriatic.com, www.valamar-experience.com, www.dobarposaouvalamaru.com, www.valfresco.com…) i moguće je da će ih stvarati i još, sve kako bi se pružila što bolja usluga i korisnicima omogućio jednostavniji i brži pristup sadržajima koji ih zanimaju.
Politike privatnosti VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d. dostupne su putem poveznice: https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti
VIDEONADZOR
HELIOS FAROS kao voditelj obrade ima legitimni interes provesti mjere videonadzora radi  zaštite imovine i osoba, a u određenim ima i zakonsku obvezu postaviti nadzorne kamere koje snimaju sve osobe koje se kreću u perimetru nadzorne kamere (gosti, zaposlenici, poslovni partneri i dr.).
Obrada osobnih podataka zaposlenika putem sustava videonadzora provodi se i uz uvjete utvrđene propisima kojima se regulira zaštita na radu.
HELIOS FAROS na propisani način označava sva mjesta na kojima je postavljen videonadzor.
HELIOS FAROS svjesna je da videozapisi sadržavaju osobne podatke svih osoba koje se kreću u perimetru kamere te ih stoga čuva s posebnom pažnjom, ima uređen sustav sigurnosti, dostupnosti te politiku brisanja istih koja je uređena internim pravilima o sigurnosti HELIOS FAROS.
Videozapisi se automatski brišu nakon najviše 15 dana od dana snimanja. U slučaju potrebe izuzimanja (presnimavanja), videozapisi se čuvaju najviše šest mjeseci, osim ako je drugim zakonom propisan duži rok čuvanja ili ako su dokaz u sudskom, upravnom, arbitražnom ili drugom istovrijednom postupku. Izuzeti videozapisi bit će pohranjeni u središnjem dojavnom sustavu s izuzetno ograničenim pristupom.
U slučaju vođenja sudskih i/ili kaznenih postupaka, HELIOS FAROS može koristiti navedene videozapise. Uvid u osobne podatke na videozapisima mogu imati i treće osobe, izvršitelji obrade, ugovorni partneri HELIOS FAROS registrirani i stručni za pružanje usluga zaštite osoba i imovine, a koji ni na koji način ne koriste samostalno navedene podatke nego se brinu o sigurnosti centralnih nadzornih i dojavnih sustava. Na sve ostale pojedinosti vezane uz videonadzor primjenjuju se posebni propisi koji uređuju to područje.
ZAVRŠNE ODREDBE
Ova Politika privatnosti dostupna je na stranicama https://www.valamar.com/en/hotels-hvar/hvar-places-hotel i www.heliosfaros.hr te također u uredima ljudskih potencijala i na recepcijama objekata HELIOS FAROSA.
HELIOS FAROS zadržava pravo u svako doba mijenjati i/ili nadopunjavati ove Politike privatnosti, pri čemu će ažuriranu politiku privatnosti objaviti na gore navedenim medijima.
Imperial Riviera d.d. politika privatnosti
SADRŽAJ
OPĆI DIO
VODITELJ OBRADE I ZAKONSKI OKVIR
OPSEG PRIMJENE
SLUŽBENIK ZA ZAŠTITU PODATAKA
NAČELA ZAŠTITE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
ZAKONITOST OBRADE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
VRSTE OSOBNIH PODATAKA KOJI SE OBRAĐUJU
DOSTAVA PODATAKA TREĆIM SUBJEKTIMA
VRIJEME ČUVANJA PODATAKA
PRAVA ISPITANIKA
ZAŠTITA OSOBNIH PODATAKA DJECE
IZVORI OSOBNIH PODATAKA
TEHNIČKA I INTEGRIRANA ZAŠTITA PODATAKA
POSTUPANJE PO POVREDAMA OSOBNIH PODATAKA
POSEBNI DIO
BORAVAK U OBJEKTIMA (hoteli, apartmani, kampovi)
MJENJAČKO MJESTO
IZLETI, KONCERTI, TRANSFERI I DRUGI DOŽIVLJAJI
KANDIDATI ZA ZAPOSLENJE I RADNICI
Selekcija kadrova
Radni odnos i ostali usporedivi odnosi
POSLOVNI PARTNERI
JAVNE OBJAVE
VIDEONADZOR
ZAVRŠNE ODREDBE
OPĆI DIO
VODITELJ OBRADE I ZAKONSKI OKVIR
IMPERIAL RIVIERA, kao voditelj obrade, obvezuje se na zaštitu Vaših osobnih podataka. Prikupljanje i čuvanje podataka izvodi se u skladu s odredbama Uredbe EU 2016/679 Europskog parlamenta i Vijeća od 27. travnja 2016. o zaštiti pojedinaca u vezi s obradom osobnih podataka i o slobodnom kretanju takvih podataka (dalje: Uredba), Zakona o provedbi Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka (NN 42/2018) i ostalih propisa koji uređuju predmetno područje, a imaju primjenu u Republici Hrvatskoj.
OPSEG PRIMJENE
Ova Politika primjenjuje se na svaku obradu osobnih podataka koju obavlja IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade, osim ako je drugom politikom ili drugim dokumentom IMPERIAL RIVIERE drukčije propisano za neku pojedinu obradu.
Ova Politika privatnosti podijeljena je na dva dijela: Opći dio i Posebni dio. Osnovna načela obrade osobnih podataka, kontakt podatci službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka i ostale odredbe određene u Općem dijelu Politike primjenjuju se bez iznimke na svaku obradu osobnih podataka bez obzira je li takva obrada posebno obrađena u Posebnom dijelu Politike ili ne. U Posebnom dijelu Politike detaljnije su obrađeni posebni slučajevi obrade podataka koji predstavljaju glavninu svih obrada IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
SLUŽBENIK ZA ZAŠTITU PODATAKA
IMPERIAL RIVIERA imenovala je službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka kojeg svakodobno možete kontaktirati putem adrese:
gdpr@imperial.hr
odnosno putem pošte na adresu Imperial Riviera d.d., Jurja Barakovića 2, 51280 Rab, Republika Hrvatska – za DPO, za pitanja vezana uz zaštitu osobnih podataka i za ostvarenje prava zajamčenih Uredbom.
Svi zahtjevi koji nisu vezani uz zaštitu osobnih podataka, a dostavljeni su na adresu službenika za zaštitu podataka, npr. ponude kandidata za zaposlenje, upiti za rezervacije u objektima IMPERIAL RIVIERE i sl., bit će proslijeđeni direktno u nadležne odjele unutar IMPERIAL RIVIERE, bez posebnog odgovora pošiljatelju od službenika za zaštitu podataka.
NAČELA ZAŠTITE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
IMPERIAL RIVIERA prepoznala je načela obrade podataka kao osnovne vrijednosti koje moraju biti poštovane tijekom cijelog ciklusa obrade osobnih podataka, od njihova prikupljanja pa sve do njihova uništenja ili drugog prestanka obrade. IMPERIAL RIVIERA obrađuje podatke:
Zakonito – obrada će biti moguća ako je ista dopuštena zakonom, i to u granicama koje zakon dopušta.
Pošteno – uvažavajući specifičnosti svakog odnosa, primjenjujući sve adekvatne mjere za zaštitu osobnih podataka te ne sprječavajući ispitanika u ostvarivanju svojih prava.
Transparentno – informirajući ispitanike o obradama osobnih podataka. Od samog prikupljanja podataka kada su ispitanici informirani o svim aspektima obrade podataka pa sve do prestanka obrade podataka ispitanicima se pruža jednostavan i brz pristup vlastitim podatcima što uključuje mogućnost uvida i dobivanja preslike u skladu s odredbama Uredbe. Određene informacije mogu se ograničiti samo kada je to zahtijevano zakonom ili kada je to nužno za zaštitu trećih osoba.
Uz ograničenje svrhe – obrađujući osobne podatke u one svrhe u koji su prikupljeni, a u druge svrhe ako su za to ispunjeni uvjeti iz Uredbe. Podatci se mogu obrađivati u podudarne svrhe samo uzimajući u obzir: (a) svaku vezu između svrha prikupljanja osobnih podataka i svrha namjeravanog nastavka obrade; (b) kontekst u kojem su prikupljeni osobni podatci, posebno u pogledu odnosa između ispitanika i IMPERIAL RIVIERE; (c) prirodu osobnih podataka, osobito činjenicu obrađuju li se posebne kategorije osobnih podataka u skladu s člankom 9. Uredbe ili osobni podatci koji se odnose na kaznene osude i kažnjiva djela u skladu s člankom 10. Uredbe; (d) moguće posljedice namjeravanog nastavka obrade za ispitanike te (e) postojanje odgovarajućih zaštitnih mjera.
Uz ograničenje pohrane – pohranjujući podatke u obliku koji omogućuje identifikaciju ispitanika samo onoliko dugo koliko je potrebno u svrhe radi kojih se osobni podatci obrađuju, a duže samo ako je dopušteno propisima.
Uz smanjenje količine podataka – obrađujući podatke ako su primjereni, relevantni i ograničeni na ono što je nužno. Posebno se pazi da se ne prikupljaju podatci za koje ne postoji opravdana potreba za obradom.
Vodeći računa o točnosti – vodeći računa o točnosti i ažurnosti podataka i brišući netočne podatke u okviru mogućnosti.
Vodeći računa o cjelovitosti i povjerljivosti – pružajući tehničkim i organizacijskim mjerama odgovarajuću sigurnost osobnih podataka, uključujući zaštitu od neovlaštene ili nezakonite obrade te od slučajnoga gubitka, uništenja ili oštećenja primjenom odgovarajućih tehničkih ili organizacijskih mjera. Relevantne mjere primjenjuju se vodeći računa o rizičnosti svake vrste obrade podataka.
ZAKONITOST OBRADE OSOBNIH PODATAKA
Kako bi se poštovala zakonitost obrade osobnih podataka, IMPERIAL RIVIERA obrađuje osobne podatke samo ako i u onoj mjeri u kojoj je ispunjeno najmanje jedno od sljedećega:
Obrada je nužna za izvršavanje ugovora
u kojem je ispitanik strana ili kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora; ovo je najčešća svrha obrade podataka ispitanika gdje je okosnica postojeći ugovorni odnos ili ugovorni odnos koji se nastoji postići.
Obrada je nužna radi poštovanja pravnih obveza voditelja obrade.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao pravni subjekt ima brojne obveze koje su propisane raznim propisima. Ova obveza obuhvaća prikupljanje, a često i dostavu podataka državnim tijelima. Primjerice, obrada osobnih podataka dioničara koji se prijavljuju za glavnu skupštinu, obrada osobnih podataka sudionika na sastancima koji se održavaju u prostorijama IMPERIAL RIVIERE u skladu s protupandemijskim mjerama i sl.
Obrada je nužna za potrebe legitimnih interesa voditelja obrade ili treće strane, osim kada su od tih interesa jači interesi ili temeljna prava i slobode ispitanika koji zahtijevaju zaštitu osobnih podataka, uzimajući u obzir razumna očekivanja ispitanika koja se temelje na njihovu odnosu s voditeljem obrade, osobito ako je ispitanik dijete.
Kod primjene ove pravne osnove IMPERIAL RIVIERA procjenjuje da je obrada primjerena poslovnim potrebama, da je što manje invazivna i da interesi ispitanika ne nadjačavaju legitimne interese IMPERIAL RIVIERE ili treće strane. Primjer su za ovakvu obradu obrada u administrativne svrhe, svrhe očuvanja sigurnosti računalnih mreža, svrhe izravnog marketinga i unaprjeđenja našeg poslovanja. Ispitanik u ovim situacijama uvijek ima pravo prigovoriti na takvu obradu.
Obrada je nužna kako bi se zaštitili ključni interesi ispitanika ili druge fizičke osobe.
Pravo na zaštitu osobnih podataka nije apsolutno pravo i IMPERIAL RIVIERA ujednačava ga s drugim temeljnim pravima u skladu s načelom proporcionalnosti. IMPERIAL RIVIERA uvažava mogućnost da je u nekim situacijama potrebno obrađivati osobne podatke kako bi se zaštitili ključni interesi ispitanika ili druge fizičke osobe.
Ispitanik je dao privolu za obradu svojih osobnih podataka u jednu ili više posebnih svrha.
Kada obrađuje osobne podatke na temelju privole, IMPERIAL RIVIERA posebno vodi računa da su to situacije u kojima ne postoje nikakve, formalne ili neformalne, posljedice za davanje, odbijanje davanja ili uskraćivanja privole. Kada se obrada temelji na privoli, ispitanik može povući privolu u svakom trenutku bez negativnih posljedica. Povlačenje privole ne utječe na zakonitost obrade na temelju privole prije njezina povlačenja.
U nekim izvanredniim situacijama IMPERIAL RIVIERA može obrađivati podatke koji se u redovnim situacijama ne bi obrađivali, primjerice prikupljanje podataka na temelju preporuka Hrvatskog zavoda za javno zdravstvo u slučaju epidemija i sl.
VRSTE OSOBNIH PODATAKA KOJI SE OBRAĐUJU
Posebne kategorije osobnih podataka:
posebne kategorije osobnih podataka obrađuju se samo ako su ispunjeni uvjeti iz članka 9. Uredbe. Primjerice, IMPERIAL RIVIERA obrađuje podatke radnika koji spadaju u posebne kategorije osobnih podataka, kao što su podatci o članstvu u sindikatu (primjerice kod ostvarivanja posebnih prava prema relevantnim propisima), vjerskim ili filozofskim uvjerenjima (primjerice kod ostvarivanja prava na dodatne neradne dane za vjerske blagdane ako je pojedinac dobrovoljno otkrio takve podatke u navedenu svrhu) ili podataka koji se odnose na zdravlje (primjerice prema posebnim propisima o zaštiti na radu ili vođenja evidencije o radnicima ili kada se za određene poslove traže posebni certifikati o zdravstvenom stanju) i sl.
Podatci o kaznenim osudama i kažnjivim djelima:
kada za to postoji zakonsko ovlaštenje, IMPERIAL RIVIERA obrađuje i osobne podatke koji se odnose na kaznene osude i kažnjiva djela, kao što su na primjer uvjerenja o nekažnjavanju za radnike.
Osobni podatci koji ne spadaju u prethodne dvije skupine:
takvi osobni podatci čine najveći dio obrađenih podataka, a to su najčešće identifikacijski podatci i podatci za kontakt poput imena i prezimena, OIB, podatci koji nastaju na temelju kretanja u prostorijama pod videonadzorom.
Većinu osobnih podataka koje IMPERIAL RIVIERA prikuplja, pružaju sami ispitanici te molimo da ne navodite osjetljive informacije (primjerice rasu ili etničko podrijetlo, politička mišljenja, vjerska ili filozofska uvjerenja, i slično) kada to nije nužno. Ako ćete ipak navoditi osjetljive informacije iz bilo kojeg razloga, tim činom daju svoju izričitu privolu za prikupljanje i korištenje tih informacija na načine opisane u ovoj Politici ili na način opisan u trenutku otkrivanja tih informacija.
ULOGA DRUŠTVA VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA sklopio je sa trgovačkim društvom Valamar Riviera d.d. sa sjedištem u Poreču, Stancija Kaligari 1 OIB: 36201212847 (dalje: Valamar) Ugovor u odnosu na upravljanje hotelsko turističkim objektima i sadržajima (dalje: Management ugovor) temeljem kojega Valamar upravlja određenim poslovnim segmentima IMPERIAL RIVIERE. U tom smislu IMPERIAL RIVIERA i Valamar mogu nastupati kao zasebni voditelji ili kao zajednički voditelji obrade osobnih podataka ili Valamar može nastupati kao izvršitelj obrade osobnih podataka ispitanika.
S obzirom na poduzetnički ugovor, prilikom upravljanja hotelsko turističkim objektima i sadržajima Valamar ponekad neposredno upravlja određenim aktivnostima uključujući upravljanje nekim aktivnostima koje su opisane u Posebnom dijelu ovih Politika privatnosti, te osim toga Valamar dobiva podatke od strane IMPERIAL RIVIERE i ima pravo uvida  u podatke  u određenim aktivnostima prilikom kojih dolazi do obrade osobnih podataka.
Primjerice, Valamar upravlja funkcijom rezervacije smješta putem Valamar rezervacijskog centra (call centra) i putem web stranica www.valamar.com i www.camping-adriatic.com  te je u tim slučajevima Valamar samostalni voditelj obrade, međutim sve te podatke koji se odnose na objekte IMPERIAL RIVIERE obrađuje i IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao samostalni voditelj obrade. Nadalje, Valamar ima legitiman interes obrade osobnih podataka koja se provodi za potrebe izravnog marketinga, ponajprije u svrhu slanja marketinških poruka (newslettera) e-poštom, SMS-om i/ili preko instant messaging platforme (Viber, Whatsapp i sl.). Na temelju legitimnog interesa, Valamar može slati različite newslettere ovisno o odnosu koji ispitanici imaju s Valamarom odnosno objektima pod upravljanjem Valamara. U tu se svrhu prikupljaju osobni podatci od gostiju i osoba koje su tražile ponudu ili rezervirale smještaj, osoba koje su sudjelovale u nagradnoj igri, pristupile u članstvo programa vjernosti, ispunjavale upitnik o zadovoljstvu, osoba koje su ispunile prijavu u objektima za besplatan Wi-Fi, osoba koje su obavile kupnju u web-trgovini ili na drugi način bile u nekom odnosu s Valamarom. Slijedom navedenog u određenim slučajevima gosti IMPERIAL RIVIERE mogu dobiti od Valamara i newslettere koje sadržavaju informacije o drugim hotelima i objektima kojima upravlja Valamar, ali i upitnike kvalitete smještaja i ostale servisne e-mailove. Za goste IMPERIAL RIVIERE mogu se povremeno organizirati i nagradne igre, koje može organizirati Valamar u kojem slučaju će se prikupljati Vaši osobni podaci samo ako se odlučite sudjelovati u nagradnoj igri. U IMPERIAL RIVIERI primjenjuje se Valamarov Program vjernosti Plus Club. Uvjeti članstva sadržani su u Valamarovim Pravilima Programa vjernosti koji se mogu pronaći na www.valamar.com/hr/program-vjernosti/valamar-plus-club/pravilnik-programa. Također, na temelju Management ugovora Valamar ima određena prava i obveze vezano uz ljudske potencijale, tako da u tim slučajevima Valamar ima pravo obrade osobnih podataka radnika i kandidata koji se javljaju za zaposlenje u IMPERIAL RIVIERI, primjerice prilikom slanja molbi kandidata putem web stranice www.dobarposaouvalamaru.com.
Kada Valamar nastupa kao voditelj obrade primjenjuju se Politike prihvatnosti Valamara koje možete pronaći na stranici: https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti.
DOSTAVA PODATAKA TREĆIM SUBJEKTIMA
IMPERIAL RIVIERA osobne podatke dijeli s drugima samo kad je to dopušteno.
U okviru izvršavanja zakonskih obveza, IMPERIAL RIVIERA obvezna je dostavljati podatke trećim osobama. Primjerice, dostava podataka gostiju putem sustava eVisitor, dostava podataka radnika nadležnim zavodima: Hrvatskom zavodu za mirovinsko osiguranje,
Hrvatskom zavodu za zdravstveno osiguranje, Poreznoj upravi te Središnjem registru osiguranika i mirovinskim društvima. Također IMPERIAL RIVIERA obvezna je u određenim slučajevima dostaviti ili staviti na uvid podatke u vezi sa zaposlenjem Hrvatskom zavodu za zapošljavanje, primjerice radi uključenja radnika u mjere aktivne politike zapošljavanja, nadležnim policijskim postajama odnosno ministarstvu nadležnom za unutarnje poslove, primjerice u slučaju boravka viših državnih dužnosnika u objektima IMPERIAL RIVIERE, kao i za izdavanje dozvola za boravak i rad, ministarstvu nadležnom za poslove turizma u slučaju zapošljavanja stipendista, ministarstvu nadležnom za poslove gospodarstva i poduzetništva kada se radi o korištenju potpora za ulaganja, osiguravajućim društvima, bankama i u ostalim slučajevima kada propisi to nalažu.
Također, određeni podatci radnika šalju se bankama ili mirovinskim fondovima u okviru isplata plaća, a podatci se mogu slati i vjerovnicima u skladu s ovršnim propisima. Ponekad se šalju podatci s obzirom na ugovorne obveze, primjerice kod učenika na praksi, podatci se razmjenjuju sa školama, fakultetima.
Određeni osobni podatci dostavljaju se i poslovnim subjektima u svrhe pružanja specifičnih usluga kao primjerice usluge zdravstvenih pregleda radnika (ugovorena medicina rada), nadalje, institucijama koje organiziraju zakonski obvezne edukacije (zaštitu na radu, higijenski minimum, toksikologija) ili revizorskim društvima kod provođenja obvezne revizije, javnim bilježnicima kada se traže ovjere, Financijskoj agenciji za potrebe ishođenja poslovnih certifikata, obveznicima javne nabave kada se IMPERIAL RIVIERA javlja na natječaje javne nabave, nadalje u svrhe dodjele i korištenja službenih kartica, službenih mobilnih uređaja ili za kupnju goriva.
Moguća je dostava podataka poslovnim subjektima, izvršiteljima obrade, koji obrađuju podatke u ime IMPERIAL RIVIERE koja djeluje kao voditelj obrade. Najčešće su to poslovni suradnici IMPERIAL RIVIERE koji pružaju informatičke usluge, koji ih čuvaju u svojim bazama ili imaju mogućnost uvida u osobne podatke do završetka obrade. S takvim se subjektima sklapa detaljan ugovor u pogledu njihovih ovlasti i obveza kod obrade osobnih podataka, a sukladno zahtjevima Uredbe.
U određenim situacijama moguće je da vanjski subjekti zajedno s IMPERIAL RIVIEROM zajednički odrede svrhe i načine obrade osobnih podataka, tada su ti vanjski partneri i IMPERIAL RIVIERA zajednički voditelji obrade. U tim odnosima, zajednički voditelji obrade na transparentan način određuju svoje odgovornosti za poštovanje obveza iz Uredbe, osobito s obzirom na ostvarivanje prava ispitanika i svojih dužnosti poštovanja transparentnosti obrade, osim ako su odgovornosti zakonom utvrđene.
Poseban slučaj dostave podataka trećim subjektima činjenica je da IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima sklopljen  poduzetnički  ugovor s Valamarom te se podaci dostavljaju Valamaru, odnosno Valamar ima uvid u osobne podatke ispitanika IMPERIAL RIVIERE sve u skladu s Management i drugim ugovorima (vidi poglavlje: ULOGA DRUŠTVA VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.).
Ako u okviru obrade podataka dolazi do iznošenja podataka u treće zemlje, IMPERIAL RIVIERA osigurava poštovanje visokih standarda zaštite kako bi se poštovao najviši mogući standard zaštite osobnih podataka, a u skladu sa strogim zahtjevima Uredbe. U tom smislu, kada su u primjeni međunarodni prijenosi osobnih podataka, IMPERIAL RIVIERA će informirati ispitanika o namjeri iznošenja osobnih podataka trećoj zemlji ili međunarodnoj organizaciji te o postojanju ili nepostojanju odluke Europske komisije o primjerenosti. Svaki prijenos osobnih podataka u treće zemlje bit će obavljen u skladu s poglavljem V. Uredbe.
VRIJEME ČUVANJA PODATAKA
Podatci ispitanika obrađuju se i čuvaju, u skladu s važećim zakonskim propisima kada je obveza čuvanja propisana (primjerice isplatne liste, analitička evidencija o plaćama za koje se plaćaju obvezni doprinosi čuvaju se trajno, a knjigovodstvene isprave na temelju kojih su podatci uneseni u dnevnik, glavnu knjigu i pomoćne knjige čuvaju se najmanje jedanaest godina), a u situacijama kada je IMPERIAL RIVIERA ovlaštena sama utvrditi rokove čuvanja podataka, podatci se čuvaju onoliko koliko je potrebno u svrhe radi kojih se osobni podatci obrađuju vodeći računa o svrsi obrade, legitimnim interesima IMPERIAL RIVIERE i interesima ispitanika da se podatci brišu.
PRAVA ISPITANIKA
Bez obzira na osnovu prikupljanja podataka, ispitanici mogu besplatno ostvariti sljedeća prava u granicama koje propisuje Uredba:
Pravo na informiranje:
ispitanik ima pravo biti informiran o obradi i njezinim svrhama. IMPERIAL RIVIERA vodi računa o pružanju svih informacija ispitaniku koje su neophodne za osiguravanje poštene i transparentne obrade uzimajući u obzir kontekst obrade.
Pravo na brisanje
(„pravo na zaborav“): ispitanik ima pravo zatražiti od IMPERIAL RIVIERE brisanje osobnih podataka koji se na njega odnose, bez nepotrebnog odgađanja sukladno uvjetima iz Uredbe. Da biste to učinili, pošaljite svoj zahtjev nama kao voditelju obrade pisanim putem, uključujući i elektronički oblik komunikacije. Napominjemo kako je u zahtjevu potrebno specificirati što konkretno želite da se briše jer Vaše podatke možemo čuvati na temelju različitih pravnih osnova, primjerice ispitanik može biti i naš gost i kandidat za zaposlenje. Imate pravo tražiti brisanje osobnih podataka koji se na Vas odnose ako je ispunjen jedan od sljedećih uvjeta:
Vaši osobni podatci više nisu nužni u odnosu na svrhu u koju smo ih prikupili ili obradili
povukli ste privolu na kojoj se obrada temelji i ako ne postoji druga pravna osnova za obradu
uložili ste prigovor na obradu svojih osobnih podataka te ako ne postoje naši jači legitimni razlozi za obradu
osobni podatci nezakonito su obrađeni
osobni podatci moraju se brisati radi poštovanja pravne obveze.
U nekim slučajevim neće biti moguće u potpunosti ispuniti zahtjev za brisnjem, primjerice kada postoji zakonska obveza čuvanja, kada je legitimni interes voditelja obrade jači od interesa ispitanika, kada postoji interes voditelja obrade radi postavljanja, ostvarivanja ili obrane pravnih zahtjeva.
Pravo na pristup podatcima:
IMPERIAL RIVIERA na zahtjev ispitanika izdat će mu potvrdu obrađuju li se njegovi osobni podatci te ako se takvi osobni podatci obrađuju, pristup osobnim podatcima i svrsi obrade, kategorijama podataka, potencijalnim primateljima kojima će osobni podatci biti otkriveni i drugim podatcima u skladu sa zahtjevima Uredbe. Ispitanik ima pravo dobiti i presliku osobnih podataka koji se obrađuju. Pristup osobnim podatcima može biti ograničen samo u zakonom propisanim slučajevima odnosno kada se takvim ograničenjem poštuje bit temeljnih prava i sloboda drugih.
Pravo na ispravak:
ispitanik ima pravo bez nepotrebnog odgađanja ishoditi od IMPERIAL RIVIERE ispravak netočnih osobnih podataka koji se na njega odnose. Uzimajući u obzir svrhe obrade, ispitanik ima pravo dopuniti nepotpune osobne podatke. Da biste to učinili, pošaljite svoj zahtjev nama kao voditelju obrade pisanim putem, uključujući i elektronički oblik komunikacije. Napominjemo kako je u zahtjevu potrebno specificirati što konkretno nije točno, potpuno ili ažurno i u kojem bi smislu navedeno trebalo ispraviti te dostaviti potrebnu dokumentaciju u prilog svojih navoda.
Pravo na prenosivost podataka:
Ispitanik ima pravo zaprimiti osobne podatke koji se odnose na njega u strukturiranom, uobičajeno upotrebljavanom i strojno čitljivom formatu u skladu sa zahtjevima Uredbe.
Pravo na prigovor:
kada IMPERIAL RIVIERA obrađuje podatke na temelju svojih legitimnih interesa koji su jači od interesa ispitanika, tada ispitanik ima pravo na temelju svoje posebne situacije u svakom trenutku uložiti prigovor na obradu osobnih podataka koji se odnose na njega.
Pravo na ograničenje obrade:
ispitanik ima mogućnost od IMPERIAL RIVIERE tražiti ostvarenje prava na ograničenje obrade u slučaju da osporava točnost osobnih podataka, smatra da je obrada nezakonita te se protivi brisanju osobnih podataka i umjesto toga traži ograničenje njihove uporabe te je ispitanik uložio prigovor na obradu i očekuje potvrdu nadilaze li legitimni razlozi voditelja obrade razloge ispitanika.
U svakom slučaju ispitanici imaju i pravo:
podnijeti prigovor Službeniku za zaštitu osobnih podataka
podnijeti pritužbu nadzornom tijelu (Agencija za zaštitu osobnih podataka) ako smatraju da su im povrijeđena prava na zaštitu podataka.
Svoj pisani zahtjev uputite na adresu za kontakt službenika za zaštitu osobnih podataka:
gdpr@imperial.hr
odnosno putem pošte na adresu Imperial Riviera d.d., Jurja Barakovića 2, 51280 Rab, Republika Hrvatska – za DPO.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao Voditelj obrade ima pravo na zaštitu interesa Voditelja obrade, kao i zaštite ispitanika te sukladno tomu ima pravo provesti aktivnosti utvrđivanja identiteta podnositelja zahtjeva.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima pravo i objaviti obrazac koji će služiti za podnošenje zahtjeva kako bi se što učinkovitije postupilo po zahtjevu.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA na zahtjev pruža informacije o poduzetim radnjama u vezi s ostvarivanjem prava ispitanika bez nepotrebnog odgađanja i u svakom slučaju u roku od mjesec dana od dana zaprimanja zahtjeva. Taj se rok može prema potrebi produljiti za dodatna dva mjeseca, uzimajući u obzir složenost i broj zahtjeva. IMPERIAL RIVIERA obavješćuje ispitanika o svakom takvom produljenju u roku od mjesec dana od dana zaprimanja zahtjeva, zajedno s razlozima odgađanja.
Ako ispitanik podnese zahtjev elektroničkim putem, IMPERIAL RIVIERA informacije pruža elektroničkim putem ako je to moguće, osim ako ispitanik zatraži drukčije.
Postupanja po zahtjevima ispitanika u pravilu su besplatna, ali ako su zahtjevi ispitanika očito neutemeljeni ili pretjerani, a osobito zbog njihova učestalog ponavljanja, IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima pravo naplatiti razumnu naknadu na temelju administrativnih troškova ili odbiti postupiti po zahtjevu.
ZAŠTITA OSOBNIH PODATAKA DJECE
IMPERIAL RIVIERA savjetuje roditeljima i skrbnicima da pouče djecu (do 18 godina života) o sigurnom i odgovornom postupanju s osobnim podatcima posebice na internetu. IMPERIAL RIVIERA obrađuje osobne podatke djece isključivo uz prethodnu privolu roditelja/skrbnika (primjerice: stipendisti, kada su djeca gosti naših objekata, posjetitelji Maro igraonica i sl).
IZVORI OSOBNIH PODATAKA
Osobne podatke IMPERIAL RIVIERA dobiva najčešće od ispitanika. Prilikom davanja osobnih podataka IMPERIAL RIVIERI, na bilo koji način (rezervacija smještaja, prijava za posao…), jamčite da su informacije koje ste priložili točne, da ste poslovno sposobni i ovlašteni raspolagati danim informacijama te da ste u cijelosti suglasni da IMPERIAL RIVIERA Vaše podatke upotrebljava i prikuplja u skladu s pozitivnim propisima i uvjetima ove Politike privatnosti.
Također, osobne podatke ispitanika IMPERIAL RIVIERA dobiva i od drugih fizičkih i pravnih osoba, primjerice: od Valamara kao društva koje upravlja određenim poslovnim aspektima poslovanja, od turističkih agencija koje prosljeđuju podatke gostiju za potrebe smještaja, gostiju koji rezerviraju smještaj za osobe s kojima će boraviti u objektima, agencija za posredovanje pri zapošljavanju i ustupanje radnika, od nositelja rezervacije smještaja za ostale goste za koje se bavlja rezervacija. Prilikom davanja osobnih podataka drugih osoba IMPERIAL RIVIERI jamčite da su informacije koje ste priložili točne, da ste poslovno sposobni i ovlašteni raspolagati danim informacijama, da su ispitanici čije osobne podatke prosljeđujete IMPERIAL RIVIERI suglasni da IMPERIAL RIVIERA njihove podatke upotrebljava i prikuplja u skladu s pozitivnim propisima i uvjetima ove Politike privatnosti.
TEHNIČKA I INTEGRIRANA ZAŠTITA PODATAKA
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade vodi računa o najvišim organizacijskim i tehničkim standardima zaštite podataka. Stoga, uzimajući u obzir najnovija dostignuća, trošak provedbe te prirodu, opseg, kontekst i svrhe obrade, kao i rizike različitih razina vjerojatnosti i ozbiljnosti za prava i slobode pojedinaca koji proizlaze iz obrade podataka, u vrijeme određivanja sredstava obrade i u vrijeme same obrade, provodi odgovarajuće tehničke i organizacijske mjere za omogućavanje učinkovite primjene načela zaštite podataka.
Također, IMPERIAL RIVIERA provodi odgovarajuće tehničke i organizacijske mjere kojima se osigurava da integriranim načinom budu obrađeni samo osobni podatci koji su nužni za svaku posebnu svrhu obrade. Tu mjeru IMPERIAL RIVIERA primjenjuje na količinu prikupljenih osobnih podataka, opseg njihove obrade, razdoblje pohrane i njihovu dostupnost. Točnije, takvim se mjerama osigurava da osobni podatci nisu automatski, bez intervencije pojedinca, dostupni neograničenom broju pojedinca.
POSTUPANJE PO POVREDAMA OSOBNIH PODATAKA
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade osigurava da u slučaju povrede osobnih podataka bez nepotrebnog odgađanja i, ako je izvedivo, najkasnije 72 sata nakon saznanja o toj povredi, izvješćuje nadležno nadzorno tijelo o povredi osobnih podataka, osim ako nije vjerojatno da će povreda osobnih podataka prouzročiti rizik za prava i slobode pojedinaca.
Izvješće koje se dostavlja nadzornom tijelu sadržava sve informacije sukladno Uredbi.
U slučaju povrede osobnih podataka koje će vjerojatno prouzročiti visok rizik za prava i slobode pojedinaca, IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade bez nepotrebnog odgađanja obavješćuje ispitanika o povredi osobnih podataka. Ponekad, u slučajevima kada Uredba propisuje, obavješćivanje ispitanika nije obvezno.
POSEBNI DIO
BORAVAK U OBJEKTIMA (hoteli, apartmani, kampovi)
Osnovni predmet poslovanja IMPERIAL RIVIERE pružanje je usluga smještaja u hotelima, apartmanima i kampovima. Stoga, IMPERIAL RIVERA prikuplja i obrađuje Vaše osobne podatke u različite svrhe s krajnjim ciljem kvalitetnog pružanja usluge smještaja i popratnih usluga sve prema najvišim stanardima turističkih društava.
Vaše osobne podatke, koje morate dostaviti da bi Vam se pružila usluga smještaja, IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade čuva u svojoj bazi podataka u svrhu ispunjavanja ugovora o smještaju te ispunjavanja zakonskih obveza vezanih uz ugostiteljsku djelatnost. U slučaju da ne ustupite IMPERIAL RIVIERI minimum podataka potreban za rezervaciju smještaja i prilikom odsjedanja za prijavu svim nadležnim registrima, IMPERIAL RIVIERA neće Vam biti u mogućnosti pružiti uslugu rezervacije smještaja odnosno uslugu smještaja sukladno ugovoru i zakonu.
Određeni podatci nužni su kako bi se poduzele radnje na zahtjev ispitanika prije sklapanja ugovora o smještaju. Primjerice, prije same rezervacije smještaja, na upit osoba potencijalnih gostiju, šalju se ponude za smještaj, za izradu kojih IMPERIAL RIVIERA treba osobne podatke, najmanje ime, prezime i e-adresu kako bi mogla poslati ponudu.
Osobne podatke koje IMPERIAL RIVIERA prikuplja pri rezervaciji smještaja (rezervacije putem weba ili rezervacije telefonom pozivom u pozivni centar ili rezervacije prihvaćanjem ponude e-poštom) radi ispunjavanja obveze rezervacije su:
ime i prezime nositelja rezervacije
adresa prebivališta (hrvatski državljani)
datum rođenja
broj, vrsta identifikacijskog dokumenta i mjesto izdavanja
državljanstvo
ime objekta
broj smještajne jedinice, vrsta smještajne jedinice (tip sobe)
datum dolaska i odlaska
broj osoba za koje se rezervira smještaj i razmještaj po sobama
koje su osobe maloljetne
eventualno ostale specifičnosti ovisno o zahtjevu osobe koja rezervira smještaj
e-adresa ako ju osoba ima
jezik
telefon
članstvo u Programu vjernosti ako utječe na cijenu smještaja ili prikupljanje bodova
način plaćanja i eventualno dodatne podatke nužne za potrebe izvršenje transakcija ili osiguranja plaćanja.
U slučaju otkaza rezervacije, Vaše podatke moramo sačuvati za potrebe dokazivanja rezervacije odnosno otkaza iste.
Prilikom dolaska u objekt, gosti se u pravilu prijavljuju na recepciji objekta putem registracijske kartice koju gost ispunjava odnosno pregledava i potvrđuje točnost podataka ili se prijavljuju korištenjem aplikacija za samostalnu prijavu (engl. self check-in). U svakom slučaju, podatci se unose u bazu gostiju iz koje se podatci automatizmom šalju u sustav eVisitor (jedinstveni online informacijski sustav za prijavu i odjavu gostiju) radi poštovanja pravnih obveza IMPERIAL RIVIERE. Podatci koji se prikupljaju (podatci se mogu mijenjati s obzirom na izmjene pozitivnih propisa):
ime i prezime
mjesto, država i datum rođenja
državljanstvo
broj i vrsta identifikacijskog dokumenta
prebivalište (boravište) i adresa
datum i vrijeme dolaska, odnosno odlaska iz objekta
spol
temelj za oslobođenje od plaćanja turističke pristojbe odnosno za umanjenje plaćanja turističke pristojbe.
Navedene podatke obrađuju turističke zajednice i tijela javne vlasti Republike Hrvatske u sljedeće zakonite svrhe:
praćenja izvršenja obveze prijave i odjave turista od strane obveznika prijave i odjave (pružatelja usluga smještaja)
evidencije, obračuna i naplate turističke pristojbe
vođenja knjige ili popisa gostiju od strane pružatelja usluga smještaja te praćenja izvršenja navedene obveze od strane inspekcijskih tijela vođenja
prijave stranaca ministarstvu nadležnom za unutarnje poslove te praćenja izvršenja navedene obveze od strane inspekcijskih tijela
vođenja popisa turista od strane turističkih zajednica te statističke obrade i izvještavanja
nadzora nad poslovanjem pružatelja usluge smještaja u dijelu koji se odnosi na zakonitost obavljanja djelatnosti odnosno pružanja registriranih usluga te poštovanja poreznih i drugih propisa o javnim davanjima.
S obzirom na to da je propisano da se podatci za prijavu gostiju upisuju na temelju podataka iz osobne iskaznice, odnosno putne ili neke druge isprave o identitetu, gost je dužan IMPERIAL RIVIERI dati na uvid takvu ispravu te pružiti sve druge informacije koje su potrebne za upis podataka, a nisu sadržane u takvoj ispravi. Isto tako, za ostvarenje nekih prava i pogodnosti potrebno je priložiti (preslike) odgovarajuće isprave, potvrde i dokumente kojima se takva prava i pogodnosti dokazuju i ostvaruju.
Također, IMPERIAL RIVIERA dužna je čuvati i sve račune, kao i podloge za izdavanje računa izdane gostima s osobnim podatcima gosta sukladno zakonskim propisima.
Ostali podatci vezani uz okolnosti Vašeg boravka, kao što su primjerice: način putovanja, s kime putujete, bračno stanje, broj djece, kućni ljubimci, ostali interesi, također će biti prikupljeni i obrađivani tijekom Vašeg boravka kad imaju izravnu vezu s pružanjem usluge smještaja.
Prije, za vrijeme i nakon boravka IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa Vama kao gostu e-poštom slati tzv. servisne poruke – potvrde rezervacije, podsjetnike o boravku i ostale obavijesti usko vezane uz konkretan boravak koji ste rezervirali.
Također, za vrijeme i nakon boravka, IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa Vama kao gostu e-poštom, SMS-om i/ili preko instant messaging platforme (Viber, Whatsapp i sl.) slati upitnike o zadovoljstvu koje će obrađivati sam ili putem suradnika. Primarna je svrha upitnika o zadovoljstvu prikupljanje podataka o usluzi radi legitimnog interesa unaprjeđenja usluge od strane IMPERIAL RIVIERE, a IMPERIAL RIVIERA te podatke iz upitnika može depersonalizirati i obrađivati u statističke svrhe.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke i koristiti u svrhu izravnog marketinga.
Servisne poruke i poruke s upitnicima o zadovoljstvu koji su vezani uz konkretan boravak gosta ne smatraju se newsletterima radi slanja ponude i vijesti IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
MJENJAČKO MJESTO
IMPERIAL RIVIERA pruža i usluge mjenjačnice na svojim mjenjačkim mjestima, u pravilu na recepcijama turističkih objekata. IMPERIAL RIVIERA obvezna je sukladno važećim propisima o sprječavanju pranja novca i financiranja terorizma, u nekim slučajevima utvrditi i provjeriti identitet osoba koje se služe uslugama mjenjačnice uvidom u službeni osobni dokument stranke u njezinoj nazočnosti te obaviti dubinsku analizu. U slučaju da ne možemo provesti mjere dubinske analize kada je za to propisana obveza, IMPERIAL RIVIERA ne smije uspostaviti poslovni odnos ili obaviti transakciju, odnosno mora prekinuti već uspostavljeni poslovni odnos te razmotriti treba li nadležnom državnom tijelu dostaviti obavijest o sumnjivoj transakciji, sredstvima i osobama.
Također, sukladno propisima obvezan je i videonadzor mjenjačkih mjesta. Podatci se čuvaju sukladno propisima na temelju pravne obveze IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
IZLETI, KONCERTI, TRANSFERI I DRUGI DOŽIVLJAJI
IMPERIAL RIVIERA je i turistička agencija te svojim gostima i drugim osobama pruža ili posreduje pri pružanju dodatnih usluga primjerice: prodaja raznih izleta, koncerata, drugih doživljaja, usluge prijevoza, usluge rent-a-cara te po potrebi i druge usluge.
Ako želite koristiti te usluge, IMPERIAL RIVIERA po potrebi može prikupiti Vaše sljedeće podatke:
ime i prezime
podatke za kontakt (telefon i/ili e-adresu)
ostale podatke usko vezane uz usluge koje se pružaju (primjerice: broj leta ako tražite uslugu transfera iz zračne luke do objekta IMPERIAL RIVIERE; spol, državljanstvo, datum rođenja, vrsta i broj identifikacijskog dokumenta zbog zakonskih odredbi vezanih uz prelazak granice ako želite prekogranični izlet).
Navedeni podatci, ali i ostali, ovisno o konkretnoj usluzi koju tražite, bit će prikupljeni isključivo u svrhu pružanja usluge koju želite koristiti.
Ako se radi o uslugama koje organiziraju druge osobe – suradnici, ti će podatci biti proslijeđeni suradniku zaduženom za pružanje određene odabrane usluge te su oni daljnji voditelji obrade osobnih podataka i molimo da se upoznate i s njihovim politikama privatnosti.
U slučaju slanja personaliziranih ponuda na zahtjev kupca, navedeni podatci čuvaju se dva mjeseca.
Podatke koje IMPERIAL RIVIERA prikuplja tijekom pružanja ostalih usluga gostima ili trećim osobama (izleti, koncerti, doživljaji, prijevoz) koje zatraže predmetne usluge putem telefona, na recepcijama ili putem weba, čuvat će se najduže pet godina radi eventualnih reklamacija na pružene usluge, a duže samo ako tako zahtijevaju posebni propisi (računovodstveni i sl.). Za određene usluge (primjerice: iznajmljivanje ležaljki i sl.) podatci će se čuvati do izvršenja usluga.
KANDIDATI ZA ZAPOSLENJE I RADNICI
IMPERIAL RIVIERA poslodavac je velikom broju pojedinaca te ovaj dio Politike uređuje zaštitu osobnih podataka ponajprije u procesima u vezi sa zaposlenjem, razvojem i edukacijom unutar IMPERIAL RIVIERE. U tom smislu ispitanici su ponajprije bivši i sadašnji radnici, tražitelji posla, osobe na praksi (učenici), stručnom usavršavanju, studenti koji rade na temelju tzv. studentskog ugovora, stipendisti te druge osobe čiji se podatci obrađuju u okviru radnopravnih i srodnih odnosa.
U okviru obrada podataka koje se provode u vezi sa zaposlenjem, IMPERIAL RIVIERA identificirala je sljedeće svrhe obrade:
Selekcija kadrova:
uključuje prikupljanje i daljnju obradu relevantne natječajne dokumentacije, testiranje i ocjenjivanje, prikupljanje i analizu informacija o kandidatima iz javno dostupnih izvora, uključujući informacije koje je kandidat sam o sebi javno objavio ako je to važno zbog rizika koje određeno radno mjesto podrazumijeva.
Smanjivanje reputacijskog rizika:
prikupljanje i analiza informacija o zaposlenicima i osobama u usporedivom odnosu iz javno dostupnih izvora, uključujući informacije koje je sam ispitanik o sebi javno objavio ako je to važno zbog rizika koje određeno radno mjesto podrazumijeva.
Zaključenje ugovora:
obrada u svrhe zaključenja ugovora o radu, studentskog ugovora, stručne prakse ili stručnog osposobljavanja, ugovora o stipendiranju s osobama koje nisu u radnom odnosu u IMPERIAL RIVIERI ili bilo kojeg drugog usporedivog odnosa.
Ostvarivanje materijalnih i drugih prava:
obrada je nužna kako bi se ostvarila materijalna i druga prava radnika, osoba u usporedivom odnosu ili drugih osoba (npr. djeca, supružnici ili korisnici osiguranja), primjerice za ostvarivanje prava za ulazak u mjere aktivne politike zapošljavanja (stalni sezonac i ostali), za ostvarenja dodatnih prava radnika po kolektivnom ugovoru IMPERIAL RIVIERE (primjerice: rođenje djeteta) i drugo.
Ispunjenje ugovora:
obrada podataka nužna je u svrhu ispunjenja ugovora od strane ispitanika što uključuje ispunjenje radnih obveza, praćenja njihova izvršavanja i osiguravanja svih relevantnih mjera za njihovo izvršavanje.
Prijava smještaja:
obrada podataka nužna je u slučaju da ispitanici borave u objektima za personalni smještaj radnika radi prijave boravka nadležnim tijelima.
Upravljanje radnim učinkom:
ova svrha uključuje i informacije o postizanju prethodno utvrđenih ciljeva, pravovremenom ispunjenju ciljeva te daljnje analize radi utvrđivanja budućih ciljeva, upravljanja ljudskim potencijalima, utvrđivanja iznosa nagrada i drugim relevantnim mjerama.
Nagrađivanje:
obrada uključuje nagrađivanje odnosno isplate fiksnog i varijabilnog dijela naknade, pri čemu takva obrada može obuhvatiti i podatke o povredama etičkih i drugih internih pravila, podatci iz sustava upravljanja radnim učinkom, o pohađanim edukacijama, kao i sve druge relevantne podatke.
Educiranje:
obrada u svrhe educiranja osoba koje djeluju pod vodstvom IMPERIAL RIVIERE, uključujući i provjere znanja, što uključuje i sve potrebne radnje za kandidiranje i prijavljivanje ispitanika, analizu stečenih znanja i sve druge relevantne informacije za organiziranje, provedbu i daljnje postupanje po provođenju edukacija.
Izrada različitih izvještaja o radnicima:
neki izvještaji izrađuju se radi zakonske obveze IMPERIAL RIVIERE, neki radi ostvarenja određenih prava, ispunjenja obveza IMPERIAL RIVIERE u slučaju ugovaranja i ostvarivanja dodatnih pogodnosti za radnike, budžetiranja i sl.
Informiranje:
prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja kandidata o otvorenim pozicijama i natječajima, odnosno mogućnostima zaposlenja unutar IMPERIAL RIVIERE. Prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja svih radnika IMPERIAL RIVIERE o novonastalim promjenama ili posebnim obavijestima važnim za ostvarivanje prava iz radnog odnosa ili važne obavijesti iz područja opće upućenosti u događanja i aktivnosti u IMPERIAL RIVIERI u vezi s ostvarivanjem prava iz radnog odnosa ili svakog usporedivog odnosa. U tu se svrhu radi brzine i bolje obaviještenosti informacije šalju putem poruke telefonom i/ili na službene e-adrese, odnosno privatne ako je radnik dao privolu za korištenje e-adrese u tu svrhu. Nadalje, IMPERIAL RIVIERA može nuditi radnicima korištenje aplikacija koje radnici svojevoljno instaliraju na svoje mobilne uređaje putem koje mogu saznati razne novosti vezane uz IMPERIAL RIVIERU ili njezine partnere.
Zaštita imovine i osoba:
uključuje praćenje ulaza/izlaza iz poslovnih prostorija, korištenja službenih mobilnih uređaja, računalne opreme, internetskog i telefonskog prometa, automobila, prostorija, i druge imovine IMPERIAL RIVIERE kao i pristup imovini gostiju u skladu s internim aktima.
Prestanak radnog odnosa:
obrada podataka zbog prestanka ugovora o radu ili drugog usporedivog ugovora, a radi ispunjenja zakonskih i ugovornih obveza.
Praćenje etičnog ponašanja:
obrada uključuje sve postupke u kojima se istražuje poštovanje propisa o etičnom ponašanju ili propisa u vezi sa zaštitom dostojanstva, odnosno u okviru bilo kojeg drugog disciplinskog postupanja, bez obzira je li ispitanik prijavljena osoba ili prijavljenik.
Zaštita na radu:
obrada podataka može biti potrebna i u slučajevima kada je nužna za ispunjenje svrhe posebnih propisa o zaštiti na radu, uključujući alkotestiranje sukladno propisima.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima legitiman interes ostvarivati razne pogodnosti za svoje radnike, kao i olakšati neke poslovne procese. U tom smislu IMPERIAL RIVIERA može na temelju posebne odluke odlučiti o raznim alatima kojima se postižu te svrhe (primjerice izdavanje radnicima ID kartice kojima se ostvaruju popusti, davanje određenih uputa putem SMS-a, fotografiranje u određenim slučajevima i sl.) u kojem će slučaju pravodobno obavijestiti sve radnike.
Pored navedenih svrha moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz radnog odnosa, odnosno u vezi s radnim odnosom i svakim usporedivim odnosom.
Baza podataka IMPERIAL RIVIERE o bivšim i sadašnjim radnicima, kandidatima, osobama na praksi (učenici), stručnom usavršavanju, studentima koji rade na temelju tzv. studentskog ugovora, stipendistima te drugim osobama čiji se podatci obrađuju u okviru radnopravnih i srodnih odnosa vodi se u posebnoj aplikaciji. S nositeljem održavanja i podrške aplikacije kao izvršiteljem obrade osobnih podataka sklopljen je odgovarajući ugovor.
Selekcija kadrova
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao potencijalni poslodavac prikuplja, obrađuje i čuva podatke kandidata za zapošljavanje u IMPERIAL RIVIERI u bazi kandidata na temelju njihove dobrovoljne prijave, i to na sljedeće načine:
prijava kandidata putem web prijavnog obrasca koji služi kao svojevrstan životopis (CV)
prijava putem e-poruke
dolaskom na organizirane audicije i ispunjavanjem prijavnih obrazaca
na drugi način.
Podatci koji se u pravilu prikupljaju: ime, prezime, datum rođenja, adresa, državljanstvo, OIB (za hrvatske državljane s obzirom na to da je OIB najpouzdaniji podatak kojim razlikujemo kandidate), mobitel, e-adresa (u svrhu kontaktiranja), spol, stručna sprema, jezik, preferirani način komunikacije.
Podatke o kandidatima IMPERIAL RIVIERA može dobivati posredno, od domaćih i stranih agencija za zapošljavanje, u kojem slučaju te agencije imaju obvezu obavijestiti kandidate o obradi njihovih osobnih podataka od strane IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
Kandidati svoje prijave za posao šalju:
kao otvorene molbe u kojem slučaju obrađujemo podatke radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem pet godina
kao prijave na konkretne natječaje koji imaju naveden rok završetka u kojem slučaju obrađujemo podatke za vrijeme trajanja natječaja i pet mjeseci od završetka natječaja radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem, a te se prijave arhiviraju na pet godina.
U slučaju da kandidati koji se jave na konkretan natječaj koji ima naveden rok završetka daju posebnu privolu, obrađujemo podatke radi kontaktiranja kandidata u vezi sa zaposlenjem pet godina, kao i otvorene molbe.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima legitiman interes koristiti dobivene e-adrese, ali i ostale dostavljene podatke za kontakt za kontaktiranje kandidata vezano uz zaposlenje. Primjerice, nakon prijave kandidati mogu dobiti automatski odgovor da je njihova prijava zaprimljena te da će biti kontaktirani kandidati čije su kvalifikacije i iskustva u skladu s traženima za pojedina radna mjesta. Također, nakon prijave kandidati mogu dobiti poruku na broj telefona s predloženim terminom intervjua, poruku u kojoj je navedena dokumentacija potrebna za zapošljavanje i slično. Dodatno, osobe koje su radile na određeno vrijeme, pretežito sezonske poslove, IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima legitiman interes kontaktirati u svrhu informiranja o obavijestima važnim za poslovanje i ključne aktivnosti u IMPERIAL RIVIERI, a radi održavanja kontakta u svrhu eventualne daljnje suradnje. U svako se doba besplatno možete odjaviti s liste primatelja vijesti iz IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
Podatke koji se čuvaju pružaju sami kandidati, ali IMPERIAL RIVIERA na temelju legitimnog interesa osiguravanja najboljih kandidata stvara osobne podatke u vezi s aktivnostima zapošljavanja, kao što su rezultati razgovora za posao, testiranja i procjene, te prikuplja osobne podatke i od trećih strana, ponajprije provjerom podataka dobivenih tijekom procesa zapošljavanja kontaktiranjem relevantnih trećih strana (primjerice: agencije za zapošljavanje, pružatelji usluga obrazovanja i osposobljavanja) ili korištenjem javno dostupnih izvora.
Radni odnos i ostali usporedivi odnosi
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao poslodavac prikuplja, obrađuje i čuva sve podatke radnika u bazi radnika koja se vodi u informatičkom programu i u fizičkim dosjeima radnika. Podatci koji se prikupljaju navedeni su u Pravilniku o sadržaju i načinu vođenja evidencije o radnicima koje je objavilo ministarstvo nadležno za rad i mirovinski sustav.
Potrebni podatci za zasnivanje radnog odnosa u pravilu su: preslika osobne iskaznice, preslika tekućeg računa ili uputa za plaćanje od banke, preslika zaštićenog računa (ako ga radnik posjeduje), OIB, dokaz o stručnoj spremi (preslika svjedodžbe ili diplome), e-knjižica: potvrda o mirovinskom stažu, (pribaviti ju u HZMO-u ili putem usluge e-Građani), Elektronički zapis obrasca porezne kartice, tzv. PK obrasca (pribaviti ga u Poreznoj upravi ili putem usluge e-Građani, osobe koje se prvi put zapošljavaju ne posjeduju elektronički zapis obrasca porezne kartice i moraju je otvoriti u Poreznoj upravi), rodni list djeteta, ako je mlađe od 15 godina, uvjerenje o prebivalištu (pribavlja se u MUP-u ili putem usluge e-Građani), vjenčani list (pribavlja se u matičnom uredu ili putem usluge e-Građani).
Potrebni podatci za sklapanje studentskih ugovora u pravilu su: potvrda fakulteta za tekuću godinu kao dokaz studentskog statusa ili preslika indeksa o upisanoj tekućoj godini, preslika osobne iskaznice, potvrda o upisnini za Studentski centar (nije slučaj sa svim studentskim centrima), jedna fotografija ili X-ica, OIB.
Osim tih podataka, IMPERIAL RIVIERA može u dosjeu radnika čuvati i ostale podatke koji su prikupljeni u postupku zapošljavanja, kao i ostale podatke koji su prikupljeni tijekom radnog odnosa određeni pravilnicima IMPERIAL RIVIERE (primjerice: nagrade, opomene, certifikate i sl.).
Svi podatci radnika čuvaju se u bazi radnika datumom zasnivanja radnog odnosa i ažurno se vode do prestanka radnog odnosa te se isti čuvaju kao dokumentacija trajne vrijednosti sukladno relevantnim propisima.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA u svojoj bazi čuva i podatke ostalih osoba u poslovnom odnosu usporedivom s radnim odnosom ili osoba na praksi i stručnom usavršavanju, i to s početkom rada i ažurno ih vodi do prestanka rada te se čuvaju sukladno relevantnim propisima. Poseban su slučaj podatci učenika na praksi koji mogu biti maloljetni o kojima se vodi posebna pažnja i čiji se podatci prikupljaju i čuvaju sukladno posebnim propisima uz odobrenje škole i roditelja.
Podatci o plaći, platne liste – podliježu posebnim propisima o čuvanju. U svakom slučaju svi radnici i ostale osobe u poslovnom odnosu usporedivom s radnim odnosom ili osoba na praksi i stručnom usavršavanju imaju sva prava ispitanika.
POSLOVNI PARTNERI
IMPERIAL RIVIERA u svojem poslovanju obrađuje i podatke poslovnih partnera ili potencijalnih poslovnih partnera, a to su:
fizičke osobe koje jesu, mogu postati ili su bili poslovni pratneri IMPERIAL RIVIERE npr. obrtnici, osobe koje su u režimu samostalnih zanimanja (npr. odvjetnici, liječnici i dr.), osobe s kojima se sklapaju ugovori o djelu (npr. pjevači, slikari, fotografi i dr.) i ostale fizičke osobe koje imaju položaj poduzetnika
fizičke osobe koje u nekom dijelu poslovanja predstavljaju pravne osobe s kojima IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima, može imati ili je imala poslovni odnos (npr. osobe koje obavljaju dostavu za svog poslodavca trgovačko društvo, osobe kojima se šalju računi za njihova poslodavca pravnu osobu, potpisnici ugovora za trgovačko društvo koje predstavljaju osobe koje za trgovačko društvo obavljaju primopredaju, osobe koje za svoju pravnu osobu organiziraju kongrese i sl.).
U okviru obrada podataka Ispitanika, IMPERIAL RIVIERA identificirala je sljedeće svrhe obrade:
Zaključenje ugovora:
obrada u svrhe zaključenja ugovora iz bilo kojeg područja djelovanja IMPERIAL RIVIERE (primjerice: slanje upita, slanje posebnih ponuda, traženje podataka o potpisnicima ugovora, slanje natječaja za pravne osobe koje ispitanici predstavljaju i sl.)
Ispunjenje ugovora:
obrada podataka nužna je u svrhu ispunjenja ugovora što uključuje ispunjenje obveza, praćenja njihova izvršavanja i osiguravanja svih relevantnih mjera za njihovo izvršavanje (primjerice: za dogovor o vremenu i mjestu isporuke opreme na temelju ugovora, za slanje računa i sl.).
Informiranje: prikupljanje i obrada podataka u svrhu kvalitetnog i pravovremenog informiranja; IMPERIAL RIVIERA ima pravo na temelju legitimnog interesa prikupljati određene podatke i koristiti ih u svrhu izravnog marketinga.
Pored navedenih svrha moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz poslovnog odnosa.
Vrsta osobnih podataka
ispitanika koji se prikupljaju su:
ime i prezime
e-adresa
broj telefona
podatci o funkciji unutar pravne osobe koju predstavlja (npr. referent prodaje, tajnica uprave i sl.)
zanimanje kada je ispitanik fizička osoba s kojom se stupa u ugovorni odnos (primjerice: pjevač, slikar, fotograf, odvjetnik, liječnik...)
ponekad reference i kratki životopisi (posebno za konzultante)
podatci koji su navedeni na obrascima bjanko zadužnice, zadužnice, mjenice
broj računa u banci (IBAN) kada je poslovni partner fizička osoba s kojom se stupa u ugovorni odnos
ostali podatci ovisno o prirodi poslovnog odnosa.
Mjesta prikupljanja osobnih podataka ispitanika:
zaprimljene ponude ispitanika za poslovnom suradnjom
zaprimljeni podatci od ispitanika u kontekstu prodaje proizvoda/usluga IMPERIAL RIVIERE ili kupnje proizvoda/usluga od poslovnog partnera (primjerice: sajmovi, kongresi i sl.)
poslovna korespondencija vezano uz određenu prethodnu ili sadašnju poslovnu suradnju (primjerice korespondencija koja se obavlja u sklopu izvršavanja ugovora)
javno objavljeni podatci (primjerice: sudski registar, web-stranice poslovnih partnera, časopisi, bilteni i sl.).
Pored navedenih vrsta podataka i mjesta prikupljanja moguća je obrada osobnih podataka i u druge specifične svrhe, ali uvijek u okviru koji je zakonom propisan ili ako je obrada potrebna za ostvarivanje prava i obveza iz poslovnog odnosa.
Vrijeme čuvanja
Podatci ispitanika koji su kao fizičke osobe u poslovnom odnosu s IMPERIAL RIVIERA čuvaju se u skladu s važećim zakonskim propisima (primjerice IMPERIAL RIVIERA dužna je čuvati i sve račune, kao i podloge za izdavanje računa sukladno zakonskim propisima).
U situacijama kada je IMPERIAL RIVIERA ovlašten sam utvrditi rokove čuvanja podataka, isti se utvrđuju vodeći računa o svrsi obrade i interesima ispitanika da se podatci unište, i to je određeno na najviše pet godina od prestanka ugovornog odnosa (u slučaju da je isti postojao).
JAVNE OBJAVE
IMPERIAL RIVIERA putem svojih internetskih stranica, videozidova, oglasnih ploča u objektima i na drugi način mogu objavljivati informacije koje su od interesa za postojeće, ali i potencijalne radnike, goste, poslovne partnere, dakle javnost. Takve objave mogu sadržavati ograničeni skup osobnih podataka, poput imena i prezimena, funkcija, profesionalnih podataka, videa, izjava i fotografija.
Pravna osnova za obradu legitiman je interes informiranja javnosti, ali i marketing, prilikom koje se obrade uvijek pazi na interes ispitanika pa se ne objavljuju osobni podatci ako se utvrdi da je interes ispitanika da se određeni osobni podatci ne objave, jači od interesa IMPERIAL RIVIERE za objavu istih. U nekim situacijama, objava informacija može se temeljiti na privoli u skladu s najvišim standardima.
Objave imaju trajan karakter čime se osigurava informiranje o aktualnim događajima, kao i uvid u prethodne aktivnosti.
Obrada će prestati ako se na temelju prigovora ispitanika utvrdi da je takav prigovor opravdan ili ako je ispitanik povukao privolu u situacijama kada je privola primjenjiva i to na način koji je moguće provesti.
VIDEONADZOR
IMPERIAL RIVIERA kao voditelj obrade ima legitimni interes provesti mjere videonadzora radi zaštite imovine i osoba, a u određenim slučajevima (primjerice: mjenjačnice koje se nalaze na recepcijama objekata) ima i zakonsku obvezu postaviti nadzorne kamere koje snimaju sve osobe koje se kreću u perimetru nadzorne kamere (gosti, zaposlenici, poslovni partneri i dr.).
Obrada osobnih podataka zaposlenika putem sustava videonadzora provodi se i uz uvjete utvrđene propisima kojima se regulira zaštita na radu.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA na propisani način označava sva mjesta na kojima je postavljen videonadzor.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA svjesna je da videozapisi sadržavaju osobne podatke svih osoba koje se kreću u perimetru kamere te ih stoga čuva s posebnom pažnjom, ima uređen sustav sigurnosti, dostupnosti te politiku brisanja istih koja je uređena internim pravilima o sigurnosti IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
Videozapisi se automatski brišu nakon najviše 15 dana od dana snimanja. U slučaju potrebe izuzimanja (presnimavanja), videozapisi se čuvaju najviše šest mjeseci, osim ako je drugim zakonom propisan duži rok čuvanja ili ako su dokaz u sudskom, upravnom, arbitražnom ili drugom istovrijednom postupku. Izuzeti videozapisi bit će pohranjeni u središnjem dojavnom sustavu s izuzetno ograničenim pristupom.
U slučaju vođenja sudskih i/ili kaznenih postupaka, IMPERIAL RIVIERA može koristiti navedene videozapise. Uvid u osobne podatke na videozapisima mogu imati i treće osobe, izvršitelji obrade, ugovorni partneri IMPERIAL RIVIERE registrirani i stručni za pružanje usluga zaštite osoba i imovine, a koji ni na koji način ne koriste samostalno navedene podatke nego se brinu o sigurnosti centralnih nadzornih i dojavnih sustava. Na sve ostale pojedinosti vezane uz videonadzor primjenjuju se posebni propisi koji uređuju to područje.
ZAVRŠNE ODREDBE
Ova Politika privatnosti dostupna je na stranicama http://www.imperial-riviera.hr/uploads/privatnost/politika-privatnosti te također u uredima ljudskih potencijala i na recepcijama objekata IMPERIAL RIVIERE.
IMPERIAL RIVIERA zadržava pravo u svako doba mijenjati i/ili nadopunjavati ove Politike privatnosti, pri čemu će ažuriranu politiku privatnosti objaviti na gore navedenim medijima.
Valamar Obertauern GMBH privacy policy
Valamar Obertauern GmbH with its headquarters at Gamsleitenstrasse 6, 5562 Obertauern, Austria, FN 195893d, UID AT U50245104, (hereinafter: OBERTAUERN or we or our or controller) as owner of Valamar Obertauern Hotel 4*, respects the privacy of every person from whom collects personal data. We would like to inform you about what personal data we collect as the data controller, for what purpose, how we protect the data and what your rights are.
DATA CONTROLLER AND LEGAL FRAMEWORK
As the data controller, OBERTAUERN is committed to protect your personal data. The collection and storage of data is carried out in accordance with the provisions of REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (hereinafter: Regulation), TKG (Telecommunications Law 2021) and other regulations governing the subject area, which are applied in the Republic of Austria.
SCOPE OF APPLICATION
This Policy applies to any processing of personal data performed by OBERTAUERN as the data controller, unless another policy or other OBERTAUERN document prescribes otherwise for a particular processing.
This Policy is divided into two parts: The General Section and the Specific section.
The basic principles of personal data processing, contact details and other provisions specified in the General Section of this Policy are applied without exception to any personal data processing regardless of whether such processing is specifically processed in the Specific Section of this Policy or not.
The Specific Section of the Policy deals, in more detail, with specific cases of data processing which represent the majority of all processing by OBERTAUERN.
CONTACT FOR DATA PROTECTION REQUESTS
Regarding issues related to personal data protection and for exercising their rights guaranteed by the Regulation please contact OBERTAUERN at any time via e-mail:
dsgvo.obertauern@valamar.at
or by mail to the address OBERTAUERN, 5562 Obertauern, Gamsleitenstrasse 6.
All requests not related to data protection, which are delivered to this address, e.g. offers of job candidates, booking inquiries in Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4*, etc. will be provided directly to the relevant departments.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
OBERTAUERN has recognized the principles of data processing as basic values that must be respected throughout the cycle of personal data processing, from their collection to their destruction or other cessation of processing. OBERTAUERN processes data:
Lawfully
- by processing data only if allowed by law and within the limits prescribed by law.
Fairly
- by considering the specifics of each relationship, applying all appropriate measures to protect personal information and privacy in general and not impeding data subjects in exercising their rights.
Transparently
- by informing data subjects about the processing of personal data. From the start of the data collection process, when data subjects are informed about all aspects of data processing, until its termination, data subjects are provided easy and fast access to their own data.
Purpose limitation
- by processing personal data for the purposes they were collected for and for other purposes only if the conditions of the Regulation are met. Data may be processed for matching purposes only considering (a) any link between the purposes of the collection of personal data and the purposes of the intended continuation of the processing; (b) the context in which the personal data was collected, in particular concerning the relationship between the data subjects and OBERTAUERN; (c) the nature of the personal data; (d) the possible consequences of the intended continuation of processing for the data subjects; and (e) the existence of appropriate protection measures.
Storage limitation
- by storing data in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the initial purposes, and longer only if permitted by the Regulation.
Data minimization
- by processing data if it is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. Particular attention is given to not collecting data for which there is no justifiable reason for processing.
Accuracy
- by keeping data accurate and up-to-date, and erasing inaccurate data in the scope of possibility.
Integrity and Confidentiality
- by using appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure appropriate personal data protection, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. Relevant measures are applied considering the risk of each type of data processing.
LEGALITY OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
In order to respect the lawfulness of processing personal data, OBERTAUERN processes personal data only if and to the extent that at least one of the following is met:
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract
to which the data subject is a party or in order to act at the request of the data subject prior to the conclusion of the contract; this is the most common purpose of data processing with an existing contractual relationship or a contractual relationship in negotiations as its basis.
Processing is necessary to comply with the legal obligations
of the data controller. As a legal entity, OBERTAUERN has a number of obligations prescribed by various regulations. This obligation includes the collection and often the submission of data to public authorities.
Processing is necessary for the legitimate interests
of the data controller or a third party, except where those interests are stronger than the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects requiring the protection of personal data, considering reasonable expectations of data subjects based on their relationship with the data controller, especially if the data subject is a child. In applying this legal basis, OBERTAUERN assesses that the processing is appropriate to business needs, that it is the least invasive as possible and that the interests of the data subjects do not exceed the legitimate interests of OBERTAUERN or a third party. Examples of such processing are processing for administrative purposes, the purposes of maintaining computer network security. The data subject always has the right to object to such processing in these situations.
Processing is necessary to protect key interests of the data subject or other natural person.
The right to personal data protection is not an absolute right and OBERTAUERN equates it with other fundamental rights in accordance with the principle of proportionality.
The data subject has consented
to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes. When processing personal data on the basis of consent, OBERTAUERN provides that these are situations in which there are no, formal or informal, consequences for giving, refusing or denying consent. When processing is based on consent, the data subject may withdraw consent at any time without negative consequences. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Specific categories of personal data:
shall be processed only if the conditions set out in Article 9 of the Regulation are met.
Data relating to criminal convictions and offenses:
shall be processed only under the control of official authority and in accordance with Article 10 of the Regulation.
Personal data that are not included in the previous two groups:
that kind of data makes most of the processed data. The most common types of data are identification and contact data such as name, surname, e-mail address and data that are related with your relation with us (accommodation etc.).
Most of the personal data that we collect is provided by the data subjects themselves. Therefore, we kindly ask you that you do not provide sensitive information (such as race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, etc.) when this is not necessary. If you nevertheless provide sensitive information for any reason, you hereby give your express consent to the collection and use of such information in the ways described in these Policy or in the manner described at the time of disclosure of that information.
THE ROLE OF VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.
OBERTAUERN concluded with the company Valamar Riviera d.d. with its registered office in Poreč, Stancija Kaligari 1 OIB: 36201212847 (hereinafter: Valamar) Contract in relation to the management of hotel and tourist facilities and contents (hereinafter: Management contract) based on which Valamar manages certain business segments of OBERTAUERN.
Due to such Management contract, when managing Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4*, Valamar sometimes directly manages certain activities, including the management of some of the activities described in the Special Section of this Privacy Policy, in particular Valamar can process the personal data of the guests for providing the sales and marketing services. In addition, Valamar sometimes receives data from OBERTAUERN and has a right of access to relevant data base to perform certain activities where it subsequently comes to personal data processing.
For example, Valamar can manage the reservation function through the Valamar reservation center (call center) and via the websites www.valamar.com, and in these cases Valamar is an independent data controller (and data subjects will be informed on the spot about that fact) however, all this information related to Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4* are and have to be also processed by OBERTAUERN as an owner and independent data controller.
Furthermore, Valamar has a legitimate interest in processing of personal data carried out for the purposes of direct marketing, primarily for the purpose of sending marketing messages (newsletters) by e-mail, SMS and / or instant messaging platform (Viber, Whatsapp, etc.). Based on a legitimate interest, Valamar may send different newsletters depending on the relationship that respondents have with Valamar or the facilities under Valamar's management. For this purpose, personal data is collected from guests and persons who have asked for an offer or booked accommodation, persons who have participated in the prize game (if there will be any), joined the Valamar`s loyalty program, filled out a satisfaction questionnaire about accommodation in or otherwise had a relationship with Valamar.
Following the above, in certain cases Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4* guests can expect to receive from Valamar newsletters containing information about all other hotels and facilities managed by Valamar, as well as accommodation quality questionnaires and other service e-mails. For Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4* guests, prize games can be organized from time to time, which can be organized by Valamar, in which case guests personal data will be collected only if guests decide to participate in the prize game.
Valamar's Plus Club Loyalty Program can be applied for the OBERTAUERN. The conditions of membership are contained in Valamar's loyalty programme terms and conditions, which can be found at
https://www.valamar.com/cmsmedia/loyalty/terms-conditions-en.pdf
.
Also, based on the Management contract, Valamar has certain rights and obligations related to human resources, so in these cases Valamar has the right to process personal data of employees and candidates for employment in OBERTAUERN for the purpose of managing the business processes in the Hospitality Operations.
When Valamar acts as the data controller, the Valamar Privacy Policy applies, which can be found at:
https://www.valamar.com/en/privacy-policy
/
https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti
.
DATA DELIVERY TO THIRD ENTITIES
OBERTAUERN shares personal information with others only when permitted.
OBERTAUERN is obliged by law to provide data to third parties. For example, delivering guest data and employee data to the competent institutions.
It is possible to deliver data to business entities, processors, who process the data upon instruction of OBERTAUERN, which acts as the data processor. Most often, these are OBERTAUERN's business partners who provide IT services, who store certain data in their databases or have the possibility of accessing personal data until the end of processing. In that cases a detailed contract shall be concluded with such subjects regarding their powers and obligations in the processing of personal data, in accordance with the requirements of the Regulation.
In certain situations, it is possible for external entities and OBERTAUERN to jointly determine the purposes and methods of personal data processing, in which case these external partners and OBERTAUERN are joint data controllers. In these relations, the joint data controllers shall transparently determine their responsibilities for complying with the obligations under the Regulation, in particular with regard to the exercise of data subject`s rights and their duties to respect the transparency of processing, unless responsibilities are established by law.
A special case of data delivery to third parties is the fact that OBERTAUERN has the Management contract with Valamar (see chapter: ROLE OF VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.).
If data are transferred to third countries as part of data processing, OBERTAUERN ensures compliance with high protection standards in order to comply with the highest possible standard of personal data protection, in accordance with the strict requirements of the Regulation. Any transfer of personal data to third countries will be carried out in accordance with Chapter V of the Regulation.
DATA STORAGE RETENTION
Personal data are processed and stored for the period in accordance with applicable legal regulations when the retention obligation is prescribed (for example, accounting documents), and in situations where OBERTAUERN is authorized to set retention periods, data is stored as long as necessary for the purposes for which personal data is processed taking into account the purpose of processing, the legitimate interests of OBERTAUERN and the interests of the data subjects to delete the data.
RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS
Regardless of the basis for data collection, all data subjects can exercise the following rights free of charge within the limits prescribed by the Regulation:
Right to information:
The data subject has the right to be informed about the processing and its purposes. OBERTAUERN provides the data subjects with all the information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing, considering the context of processing.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
: The data subject has the right to request to delete personal data relating to him/her, without undue delay in accordance with the terms of the Regulation. To do so, please send your request to us in writing, including an electronic form of communication. Please note that the request needs to specify what you wish to be deleted, since we can store your data on different legal bases. You have the right to request the deletion of personal data relating to you where one of the following grounds applies:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
the data subject objects to the processing pursuant and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation;
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
In some cases, it will not be possible to fully comply with the deletion request, for example when there is a legal obligation for retention, when the legitimate interest of the controller is stronger than the interest of the data subjects, when there is an interest of the data controller to set, enforce or defend legal claims.
Right of access:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
The controller shall provide a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested by the data subject, the controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by the data subject, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form. The right to obtain a copy shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to rectification:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Considering the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to data portability:
The data subject has the right to receive personal data relating to him in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in accordance with the requirements of the Article 20 of Regulation.
Right to object:
The data subject shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her which is based on public interest and legitimate interests, including profiling based on those provisions. The controller shall no longer process the personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to restriction of processing:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of their use instead;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
the data subject has objected to processing pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
In any case, data subjects also have the right to:
to submit a complaint time via e-mail:
dsgvo.obertauern@valamar.at
or by mail to the address OBERTAUERN Gmbh, Gamsleitenstrasse 6, 5562 Obertauern, Austria
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Austrian Data Protection Authority) if they believe that their rights to data protection have been violated.
OBERTAUERN as the data controller has the right to protect the interests of the data controller as well as the protection of the data subjects and accordingly has the right to carry out the activities of establishing the identity of the applicant. OBERTAUERN has the right to publish a form that will be used to submit a request in order to process the request as efficiently as possible.
On request, OBERTAUERN provides information on the actions taken in relation to the exercise of data subject's rights without undue delay and in any case within one month from the date of receipt of the request. This period may be extended by an additional two months, considering the complexity and number of applications. OBERTAUERN shall notify the data subject of any such extension within one month from the date of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the postponement.
If the data subject submits the request electronically, OBERTAUERN provides the information electronically if possible, unless the data subject requests otherwise.
The data subject's request is generally free of charge, but if the data subject's request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, and in particular because of their frequent repetition, OBERTAUERN is entitled to charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs or refuse to act on the request.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDREN
OBERTAUERN advises parents and guardians to teach children about safe and responsible handling of personal data, especially on the Internet. In relation to the offer of information society services directly to a child, the processing of the personal data of a child shall be lawful where the child is at least 16 years old. Where the child is below the age of 16 years, such processing shall be lawful only if and to the extent that consent is given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility over the child.
PERSONAL DATA SOURCES
OBERTAUERN receives personal data most often from data subjects. When providing personal data to OBERTAUERN, in any way (booking accommodation, job application…) you guarantee that the information you have provided is correct, that you are legally capable and authorized to dispose of the given information and that you fully agree that OBERTAUERN collects and uses your data in accordance with the regulations and terms of this Privacy Policy.
Also, OBERTAUERN receives personal data from other natural and legal persons, for example: from Valamar as a company that manages certain business aspects of business, from travel agencies that forward guest data for accommodation, guests who book accommodation for people with whom they will stay in hotel, agency for employment mediation and assignment of workers, from the holder of accommodation reservations for others guests for whom the reservation is made.
When providing personal data of other persons to OBERTAUERN, you guarantee that the information you provide is accurate, that you are legally capable and authorized to dispose of the information, that respondents whose personal data you forward to us agree that OBERTAUERN uses and collects their data in accordance with positive regulations and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
TECHNICAL AND INTEGRATED DATA PROTECTION
OBERTAUERN, as data controller, provides the highest organizational and technical standards of data protection. Therefore, considering the latest developments, the cost of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing, as well as risks of different levels of probability and seriousness for the rights and freedoms of individuals arising from data processing, at the time of processing, appropriate technical and organizational measures to enable the effective application of the principles of data protection are applied.
Also, OBERTAUERN implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that only personal data necessary for each specific purpose of processing are processed in an integrated manner. OBERTAUERN applies this measure to the amount of personal data collected, the scope of their processing, the retention period and their availability. Specifically, such measures ensure that personal data is not automatically, without the intervention of an individual, available to an unlimited number of individuals.
DATA BREACH
In the case of a personal data breach, as the data controller, OBERTAUERN shall without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the supervisory authority competent, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
The report submitted to the supervisory authority shall contain all information prescribed by the Regulation.
In the event of a personal data breach that is likely to pose a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, OBERTAUERN, as the data controller, shall inform the data subjects of the personal data breach without undue delay. Sometimes, in cases where the Regulation prescribes, informing data subjects is not mandatory.
Special section
ACCOMMODATION
OBERTAUERN'S main business activity is the provision of accommodation services in its Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4*. Therefore, OBERTAUERN collects and processes your personal data for various purposes with the ultimate goal of providing quality accommodation and related services all according to the highest standards of tourism companies.
OBERTAUERN, as the data controller, stores your personal data that you must provide for accommodation services in its database for the purpose of fulfilling accommodation contracts and fulfilling legal obligations related to the hospitality business. In case you do not provide OBERTAUERN with the minimum data required for booking accommodation and for the registration to all competent registers, OBERTAUERN will not be able to provide you with booking services or accommodation services in accordance with the contract and law.
Certain information is necessary in order to act at the request of the data subject before concluding the accommodation contract. For example, before booking accommodation at the request of potential guests, you have to receive offer, for which personal data is needed, at least name, surname and e-mail address in order to be able to send an offer.
The personal data that OBERTAUERN collects when booking in order to fulfil the reservation obligation usually are:
Name and surname of the reservation holder
Date of birth
Number, type of identification document and place of issue
Citizenship
Number of accommodation units, type of accommodation unit (room type)
Date of arrival and departure
Number of persons per accommodation unit
Minors
Possibly other specifics depending on the request of the person booking the accommodation
e-mail if the person has one
Language
Phone number
Membership in the Valamar`s Loyalty program, if it affects the price of accommodation or collecting points
Payment method and possible additional information needed to execute the transaction or secure payment. In case of cancellation, we must save your data for the purpose of proving the reservation or cancellation.
Upon arrival at the Hotel OBERTAUERN 4*, guests have to check in and confirm data.
In addition, OBERTAUERN is obliged to keep all invoices, as well as the basis for issuing invoices issued to guests with personal data of the guest in accordance with legal regulations.
Other data related to the circumstances of your stay such as: mode of travel, who you are traveling with, marital status, number of children, pets, other interests, will also be collected and processed during your stay only when they have a direct connection with the accommodation service.
Before, during and after the stay OBERTAUERN as the data controller has the right based on the legitimate interest to send you so-called service messages – booking confirmations, reminders and other information closely related to the specific stay you have booked. Also, during and after the stay, OBERTAUERN as the data controller has the right based on the legitimate interest to send to you guest questionnaires about service satisfaction via e-mail, sms and/or instant messaging platforms (viber, whatsapp, etc.) which will be processed by us or through associates. The primary purpose of the service satisfaction questionnaire is to collect service data for the legitimate interest of service improvement by OBERTAUERN, and OBERTAUERN may depersonalize and process this data from the questionnaire for statistical purposes.
OBERTAUERN has the right, based on a legitimate interest, to collect certain data and use it for direct marketing.
Service messages and messages with service satisfaction questionnaires related to a specific stay of the guest are not considered newsletters for the purpose of sending OBERTAUERN marketing offers and news.
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
OBERTAUERN as the data controller, has a legitimate interest in implementing video surveillance measures to protect property and persons. We marked all places where video surveillance is installed in the prescribed manner. We are aware that the videos contain personal data of all persons moving around the perimeter of the camera, and therefore we keep them with special care, we have a regulated system of security, availability and our internal safety rules. Special regulations governing the area apply to all other details related to video surveillance.
GETTING IN CONTACT WITH US
When you contact us via email or via one of the forms on our website, data are processed and stored, in accordance with the purpose of processing.
FINAL PROVISIONS
This Privacy Policy is available at Valamar Riviera d.d. website
https://www.valamar.com/en/privacy-policy-valamar-obertauern
and also at reception of Hotel Valamar Obertauern 4*, (when hotel is operating).
Kesselspitze GmbH & Co KG privacy policy
GENERAL SECTION
DATA CONTROLLER AND LEGAL FRAMEWORK
As the data controller, KESSELSPITZE, is committed to protecting your personal data. The collection and storage of data is carried out in accordance with the provisions of REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (hereinafter: “the Regulation”), TKG (Telecommunications Law 2021) and other regulations governing the subject area, which are applied in the Republic of Austria.
SCOPE OF APPLICATION
This Policy applies to any processing of personal data performed by KESSELSPITZE as the data controller, unless another policy or other KESSELSPITZE document prescribes otherwise for particular processing.
This Policy is divided into two parts: the General Section and the Specific Section.
The basic principles of personal data processing, contact details and other provisions specified in the General Section of this Policy are applied without exception to any personal data processing, regardless of whether such processing is specifically processed in the Specific Section of this Policy or not.
The Specific Section of the Policy deals, in more detail, with specific cases of data processing that represent the majority of all processing by KESSELSPITZE.
CONTACT FOR DATA PROTECTION REQUESTS
Regarding issues related to personal data protection and for the exercising of rights guaranteed by the Regulation, please contact KESSELSPITZE at any time via e-mail:
dsgvo.kesselspitze@valamar.at
or by mail to the address Kesselspitze GmbH & Co KG, 5562 Obertauern, Alpenstraße 1.
All requests not related to data protection that are delivered to this address, e.g. offers of job candidates, booking inquiries for Hotel Kesselspitze 5*, etc. will be forwarded directly to the relevant departments.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
KESSELSPITZE has recognised the principles of data processing as basic values that must be respected throughout the cycle of personal data processing, from their collection to their destruction or other cessation of processing. KESSELSPITZE processes data observing:
Lawfulness - by processing data only if allowed by law and within the limits prescribed by law.
Fairness – by considering the specifics of each relationship, applying all appropriate measures to protect personal information and privacy in general and not impeding data subjects in exercising their rights.
Transparency – by informing data subjects about the processing of personal data. From the start of the data collection process, when data subjects are informed about all aspects of data processing, until its termination, data subjects are provided easy and fast access to their own data.
Purpose limitation – by processing personal data for the purposes for which they were collected and for other purposes only if the conditions of the Regulation have been met. Data may be processed for matching purposes only considering (a) any link between the purposes of the collection of personal data and the purposes of the intended continuation of the processing; (b) the context in which the personal data was collected, in particular concerning the relationship between the data subjects and KESSELSPITZE; (c) the nature of the personal data; (d) the possible consequences for the data subjects of the intended continuation of processing; and (e) the existence of appropriate protection measures.
Storage limitation – by storing data in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the initial purposes, and longer only if permitted by the Regulation.
Data minimisation – by processing data if adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. Particular attention is given to not collecting data for whose processing there is no justifiable reason.
Accuracy – by keeping data accurate and up to date, and erasing inaccurate data within the scope of possibility.
Integrity and Confidentiality – by using appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure appropriate personal data protection, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. Relevant measures are applied considering the risk of each type of data processing.
LEGALITY OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
In order to respect the lawfulness of processing personal data, KESSELSPITZE processes personal data only if and to the extent that at least one of the following criteria is met:
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract
to which the data subject is a party or in order to act at the request of the data subject prior to the conclusion of the contract; this is the most common purpose of data processing, with an existing contractual relationship or a contractual relationship in negotiation as its basis.
Processing is necessary to comply with the legal obligations
of the data controller. As a legal entity, KESSELSPITZE has a number of obligations prescribed by various regulations. These obligations include the collection and often the submission of data to public authorities.
Processing is necessary for the legitimate interests
of the data controller or a third party, except where those interests take precedence over the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects requiring the protection of personal data, considering reasonable expectations of data subjects based on their relationship with the data controller, especially if the data subject is a child. In applying this legal basis, KESSELSPITZE assesses that the processing is appropriate to business needs, that it is the least invasive possible and that the interests of the data subjects do not exceed the legitimate interests of KESSELSPITZE or a third party. Examples of such processing are processing for administrative purposes, or the purposes of maintaining computer network security. The data subject always has the right to object to such processing in these situations.
Processing is necessary to protect key interests of the data subject or other natural person.
The right to personal data protection is not an absolute right and KESSELSPITZE equates it with other fundamental rights in accordance with the principle of proportionality.
The data subject has consented
to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes. When processing personal data on the basis of consent, KESSELSPITZE provides that these are situations in which there are no formal or informal consequences for giving, refusing or denying consent. When processing is based on consent, the data subject may withdraw consent at any time without negative consequences. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Special categories of personal data:
shall be processed only if the conditions set out in Article 9 of the Regulation are met.
Data relating to criminal convictions and offences
shall be processed only under the control of an official authority and in accordance with Article 10 of the Regulation.
Personal data that are not included in the previous two groups:
the kind of data that makes up most processed data. The most common types of data are identification and contact data such as name, surname, e-mail address and data that are related to your relation with us (accommodation etc.).
Most of the personal data that we collect is provided by the data subjects themselves. Therefore, we kindly ask you that you do not provide sensitive information (such as race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, etc.) when this is not necessary. If you nevertheless provide sensitive information for any reason, you thereby give your express consent to the collection and use of such information in the ways described in this Policy or in the manner described at the time of disclosure of that information.
THE ROLE OF VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.
KESSELSPITZE concluded with the company Valamar Riviera d.d. with its registered office in Poreč, Stancija Kaligari 1 OIB: 36201212847 (hereinafter: “Valamar”) a Contract in relation to the management of hotel and tourist facilities and contents (hereinafter: “Management Contract”) on the basis of which Valamar manages certain business segments of KESSELSPITZE.
As a result of the said Management Contract, when managing Hotel Kesselspitze 5*, Valamar sometimes directly manages certain activities, including the management of some of the activities described in the Special Section of this Privacy Policy, and in particular Valamar may process the personal data of the guests for providing sales and marketing services. In addition, Valamar sometimes receives data from KESSELSPITZE and has a right of access to relevant data bases to perform certain activities where it subsequently comes to personal data processing.
For example, Valamar may manage the reservation function through the Valamar reservation centre (call centre) and via the website www.valamar.com, and in these cases Valamar is an independent data controller (and data subjects will be informed on the spot about that fact); however, all this information related to Hotel Kesselspitze 5* is and has to be also processed by KESSELSPITZE as owner and an independent data controller.
Furthermore, Valamar has a legitimate interest in the processing of personal data carried out for the purposes of direct marketing, primarily for the purpose of sending marketing messages (newsletters) by email, SMS and/or instant messaging platform (Viber, Whatsapp, etc.). On the basis of legitimate interest, Valamar may send different newsletters depending on the relationship that respondents have with Valamar or the facilities under Valamar’s management. For this purpose, personal data is collected from guests and persons who have asked for an offer or booked accommodation, persons who have participated in a prize game (should there be one), joined the Valamar  loyalty programme, filled out a satisfaction questionnaire about accommodation or otherwise had a relationship with Valamar.
Following the above, in certain cases Hotel Kesselspitze 5* guests can expect to receive from Valamar newsletters containing information about all other hotels and facilities managed by Valamar, as well as accommodation quality questionnaires and other service emails. For Hotel Kesselspitze 5* guests, prize games can be organised from time to time by Valamar, in which case guests’ personal data will be collected only if guests decide to participate in the prize game.
Valamar’s Plus Club Loyalty Programme can be applied for KESSELSPITZE. The conditions of membership are contained in Valamar’s loyalty programme terms and conditions, which can be found at https://www.valamar.com/cmsmedia/loyalty/terms-conditions-en.pdf .
Also, on the basis of the Management Contract, Valamar has certain rights and obligations related to human resources, so in these cases Valamar has the right to process personal data of employees and candidates for employment in KESSELSPITZE for the purpose of managing the business processes in its hospitality operations.
When Valamar acts as the data controller, the Valamar Privacy Policy applies, which can be found at: https://www.valamar.com/en/privacy-policy / https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti.
DATA DELIVERY TO THIRD ENTITIES
KESSELSPITZE shares personal information with others only when permitted.
KESSELSPITZE is obliged by law to provide data to third parties, for example, delivering guest data and employee data to the competent institutions.
It is possible to deliver data to business entities – processors – who process the data upon the instruction of KESSELSPITZE, which acts as the data processor. Most often, these are KESSELSPITZE’s business partners who provide IT services, and who store certain data in their databases or have the opportunity to access personal data until the end of processing. In these cases a detailed contract shall be concluded with such subjects regarding their powers and obligations in the processing of personal data, in accordance with the requirements of the Regulation.
In certain situations, it is possible for external entities and KESSELSPITZE to jointly determine the purposes and methods of personal data processing, in which cases these external partners and KESSELSPITZE are joint data controllers. In these relations, the joint data controllers shall determine their responsibilities for complying with their obligations under the Regulation transparently, in particular with regard to the exercise of data subjects’ rights and their duties to respect the transparency of processing, unless such responsibilities are established by law.
A special case of data delivery to third parties is the fact that KESSELSPITZE has the Management Contract with Valamar (see chapter: ROLE OF VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.).
If data are transferred to third countries as part of data processing, KESSELSPITZE ensures compliance with high protection standards in order to comply with the highest possible standard of personal data protection, in accordance with the strict requirements of the Regulation. Any transfer of personal data to third countries will be carried out in accordance with Chapter V of the Regulation.
DATA STORAGE PERIOD
Personal data are processed and stored for the period in accordance with applicable legal regulations when the retention obligation is prescribed (for example, accounting documents), and in situations where KESSELSPITZE is authorised to set retention periods, data is stored as long as necessary for the purposes for which personal data is processed taking into account the purpose of processing, the legitimate interests of KESSELSPITZE and the interests of the data subjects in the deletion of the data.
RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS
Regardless of the basis for data collection, all data subjects can exercise the following rights free of charge within the limits prescribed by the Regulation:
Right to information:
The data subject has the right to be informed about the processing and its purposes. KESSELSPITZE provides the data subjects with all the information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing, considering the context of processing.
Right to erasure
(„right to be forgotten“): The data subject has the right to request the deletion of personal data relating to him/her, without undue delay, in accordance with the terms of the Regulation. Should you wish this to take place, please send your request to us in writing, including an electronic form of communication. Please note that the request needs to specify what you wish to be deleted, since we can store your data on different legal bases. You have the right to request the deletion of personal data relating to you where one of the following grounds applies:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
the data subject withdraws the consent upon which the processing is based, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
the data subject objects to the processing pursuant and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects ;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation;
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
In some cases, it will not be possible to fully comply with the deletion request, for example when there is a legal obligation for retention, when the legitimate interest of the controller takes precedence over the interest of the data subjects or when there is an interest of the data controller to set, enforce or defend legal claims.
Right of access:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data have not been collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
The controller shall provide a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested by the data subject, the controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by the data subject, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form. The right to obtain a copy shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others
Right to rectification:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Considering the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to data portability:
The data subject has the right to receive personal data relating to him or her in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in accordance with the requirements of Article 20 of the Regulation.
Right to object:
The data subject shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to the processing of personal data concerning him or her that is based on public interest and legitimate interests, including profiling based on those provisions. The controller shall no longer process the personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to restriction of processing:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of their use instead;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
the data subject has objected to processing pending the verification of whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
In any case, data subjects also have the right:
to submit a complaint time via email:
dsgvo.kesselspitze@valamar.at
or by mail to the address Kesselspitze GmbH & Co KG, 5562 Obertauern, Alpenstraße 1
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Austrian Data Protection Authority) if they believe that their rights to data protection have been violated.
KESSELSPITZE as the data controller has the right to protect the interests of the data controller as well as maintain the protection of the data subjects and accordingly has the right to carry out the activities of establishing the identity of the applicant. KESSELSPITZE has the right to publish a form that will be used to submit a request in order to process the request as efficiently as possible.
On request, KESSELSPITZE provides information on the actions taken in relation to the exercise of data subject’s rights without undue delay and in any case within one month from the date of receipt of the request. This period may be extended by an additional two months, considering the complexity and number of applications. KESSELSPITZE shall notify the data subject of any such extension within one month of the date of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the postponement.
If the data subject submits the request electronically, KESSELSPITZE provides the information electronically if possible, unless the data subject requests otherwise.
The data subject’s request is generally not charged, but if the data subject’s request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, and in particular in the event  of its frequent repetition, KESSELSPITZE is entitled to charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs or refuse to act on the request.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDREN
KESSELSPITZE advises parents and guardians to teach children about safe and responsible handling of personal data, especially on the internet. In relation to the offer of information society services directly to a child, the processing of the personal data of a child shall be lawful where the child is at least 16 years old. Where the child is below the age of 16 years, such processing shall be lawful only if and to the extent that consent is given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility over the child.
PERSONAL DATA SOURCES
KESSELSPITZE receives personal data most often from data subjects. When providing personal data to KESSELSPITZE in any way (booking accommodation, job application, etc.), you guarantee that the information you have provided is correct, that you are legally capable and authorised to dispose of the given information and that you fully agree that KESSELSPITZE may collect and use your data in accordance with the regulations and terms of this Privacy Policy.
Also, KESSELSPITZE receives personal data from other natural and legal persons, for example from Valamar as a company that manages certain commercial aspects of business, from travel agencies that forward guest data for accommodation, guests who book accommodation for people with whom they will stay in the hotel, agencies for employment mediation and the assignment of workers, and from the holder of accommodation reservations for others’ guests, for whom the reservation is made.
When providing the personal data of other persons to KESSELSPITZE, you guarantee that the information you provide is accurate, that you are legally capable and authorised to dispose of the information, and that the respondents whose personal data you forward to us agree that KESSELSPITZE may use and collect their data in accordance with positive regulations and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
TECHNICAL AND INTEGRATED DATA PROTECTION
KESSELSPITZE, as data controller, provides the highest organisational and technical standards of data protection. Therefore, considering the latest developments, the cost of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing, as well as risks of different levels of probability and seriousness for the rights and freedoms of individuals arising from data processing, at the time of processing, appropriate technical and organisational measures to enable the effective application of the principles of data protection are applied.
Also, KESSELSPITZE implements appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure that only personal data necessary for each specific  processing purpose are processed in an integrated manner. KESSELSPITZE applies this measure to the amount of personal data collected, the scope of their processing, the retention period and their availability. Specifically, such measures ensure that personal data is not automatically, without the intervention of an individual, available to an unlimited number of individuals.
DATA BREACH
In the case of a personal data breach, as the data controller, KESSELSPITZE shall without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the competent supervisory authority, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
The report submitted to the supervisory authority shall contain all information prescribed by the Regulation.
In the event of a personal data breach that is likely to pose a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, KESSELSPITZE, as the data controller, shall inform the data subjects of the personal data breach without undue delay. Sometimes, in cases where the Regulation prescribes, informing data subjects is not mandatory.
SPECIAL SECTION
ACCOMMODATION
KESSELSPITZE’s main business activity is the provision of accommodation services in its Hotel Kesselspitze 5*. Therefore, KESSELSPITZE collects and processes your personal data for various purposes with the ultimate goal of providing quality accommodation and related services all according to the highest standards of tourism companies.
KESSELSPITZE, as the data controller, stores the personal data that you must provide for accommodation services in its database for the purpose of fulfilling accommodation contracts and fulfilling legal obligations related to the hospitality business. In the event you do not provide KESSELSPITZE with the minimum data required for booking accommodation and for the registration to all competent registers, KESSELSPITZE will not be able to provide you with booking services or accommodation services in accordance with the contract and law.
Certain information is necessary in order to act at the request of the data subject before concluding the accommodation contract. For example, before booking accommodation at the request of potential guests, you have to receive an offer, for which personal data is needed: at least name, surname and e-mail address.
The personal data that KESSELSPITZE collects when booking in order to fulfil the reservation obligation usually are:
Name and surname of the reservation holder
Date of birth
Number, type and place of issue of identification document
Citizenship
Number of accommodation units and type of accommodation unit (room type)
Date of arrival and departure
Number of persons per accommodation unit
Minors
Possibly other specifics depending on the request of the person booking the accommodation
email address, if the person has one
Language
Phone number
membership in the Loyalty program, if it affects the price of accommodation or collecting points
Payment method and possible additional information needed to execute the transaction or secure payment. In case of cancellation, we must save your data for the purpose of proving the reservation or cancellation.
Upon arrival at the Hotel Kesselspitze 5*, guests have to check in and confirm data.
In addition, KESSELSPITZE is obliged to keep all invoices, as well as the basis for issuing invoices issued to guests with the personal data of each guest in accordance with legal regulations.
Other data related to the circumstances of your stay, such as mode of travel, with whom you are travelling, marital status, number of children, pets, and other interests, will also be collected and processed during your stay only when they have a direct connection with the accommodation service.
Before, during and after your stay KESSELSPITZE as the data controller has the right based on legitimate interest to send you so-called service messages – booking confirmations, reminders and other information closely related to the specific stay you have booked. Also, during and after the stay, KESSELSPITZE as the data controller has the right based on legitimate interest to send to you guest questionnaires about service satisfaction via email, SMS and/or instant messaging platforms (Viber, Whatsapp, etc.) which will be processed by us or through associates. The primary purpose of the service satisfaction questionnaire is to collect service data for the legitimate interest of service improvement by KESSELSPITZE, and KESSELSPITZE may depersonalise and process this data from the questionnaire for statistical purposes.
KESSELSPITZE has the right, based on legitimate interest, to collect certain data and use it for direct marketing.
Service messages and messages with service satisfaction questionnaires related to a specific stay of the guest are not considered newsletters for the purpose of sending KESSELSPITZE marketing offers and news.
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
KESSELSPITZE as the data controller has a legitimate interest in implementing video surveillance measures to protect property and persons. We have marked all places where video surveillance is installed in the prescribed manner. We are aware that the videos contain personal data of all persons moving around the perimeter of the camera, and therefore we keep them with special care: we have a regulated system of security, availability and our internal safety rules. Special regulations governing the area apply to all other details related to video surveillance.
GETTING IN CONTACT WITH US
When you contact us via email or via one of the forms on our website, data are processed and stored in accordance with the processing purpose.
WEBSITE, COOKIES AND INTERNET TECHNOLOGIES
Our website uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is saved to your browser on your computer or mobile device, and retrieved from it on subsequent visits. They do not cause any damage. Cookies cannot be used to reveal your personal identity, that is your name and surname. We use cookies to provide you with the best usability. Some cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. They enable us to recognise your browser during subsequent visits.
If you do not agree with this practice, you can adjust your browser settings so that it will inform you before cookies are set. This will also enable you to permit specific cookies.
We use different types of cookies:
Cookies by function
Essential cookies
- they are necessary for the operation of the website, which cannot function without them. This means that a website cannot be opened or displayed without these cookies. These cookies are used for the purpose of transmitting communication or are necessary to provide an information society service that is explicitly required by the user of such a service. These cookies do not need and do not require your consent.
Statistics cookies
- these cookies enable basic analysis of web pages with the aim of improving the work of web pages through data that is completely anonymised, i.e. not based on your personal data or data that can be linked to you in any way. These cookies are used to analyse user behaviour and, on the basis of the anonymous data, can determine what website visitors view and want, so KESSELSPITZE is then able to customise the website and make its content and functionality as easy to use. These cookies require your consent.
Marketing cookies
- they are used to analyse your interests and wishes, and they serve the purpose of informing you about special and personalised offers, news and events organised through online channels (e-mail, internet, internet promotion). These cookies require your consent.
Cookies by source
First party cookies
come from the internet site you are viewing, and can be permanent or temporary. With these cookies, internet sites can store data that will be used again upon the next visit to the internet site.
Third party cookies
come from other internet sites, which are located on the internet site you are viewing. With these cookies, other internet sites can track internet usage on the internet site you are viewing for marketing or analytical purposes.
Cookies by duration
Persistent cookies
- Persistent or saved cookies remain on your computer after you close your internet browser program. They help internet sites store information, such as login and password, language settings, or cookie settings, so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit. Persistent cookies can stay on your computer or mobile device for days, months, even years.
Temporary cookies
Temporary cookies or session cookies are removed from your computer when you close your internet browser. They use internet sites to store temporary information, such as the last few pages you opened on the internet site you visited, or items in your shopping cart if you are on an internet site that specialises in internet sales.
Cookies are stored in the user’s browser for a maximum of 2 years.
If you have changed your mind about the cookie settings on our website, you can alter them at any time.
You can always delete cookies stored on your computer, thus preventing further processing of your personal data through such technology. Each web browser has its own procedure for deleting cookies, and below are links to deletion procedures in the most popular web browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox
Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
You can find more about cookies on the following pages:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/en/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Valamar Marietta GmbH privacy policy
Valamar Marietta GmbHwith its headquarters in Ringstraße 8, AT-5562 Obertauern (hereinafter: MARIETTA or we or our or controller) as owner of Obertauern Places hotel by Valamar – ex Marietta hotel (hereinafter: the Hotel), respects the privacy of every person from whom collects personal data. We would like to inform you about what personal data we collect as the data controller, for what purpose, how we protect the data and what your rights are.
DATA CONTROLLER AND LEGAL FRAMEWORK
As the data controller, MARIETTA is committed to protect your personal data. The collection and storage of data is carried out in accordance with the provisions of REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation)  (hereinafter: Regulation), TKG (Telecommunications Law 2021) and other regulations governing the subject area, which are applied in the Republic of Austria.
SCOPE OF APPLICATION
This Policy applies to any processing of personal data performed by MARIETTA as the data controller, unless another policy or other MARIETTA document prescribes otherwise for a particular processing.
This Policy is divided into two parts: The General Section and the Specific section.
The basic principles of personal data processing, contact details and other provisions specified in the General Section of this Policy are applied without exception to any personal data processing regardless of whether such processing is specifically processed in the Specific Section of this Policy or not.
The Specific Section of the Policy deals, in more detail, with specific cases of data processing which represent the majority of all processing by MARIETTA.
CONTACT FOR DATA PROTECTION REQUESTS
Regarding issues related to personal data protection and for exercising their rights guaranteed by the Regulation please contact MARIETTA at any time via e-mail:
dsgvo.obertauern.places@valamar.at
or by mail to the address Valamar Marietta GmbH with its headquarters in Ringstraße 8, AT-5562 Obertauern.
All requests not related to data protection, which are delivered to this address, e.g. offers of job candidates, booking inquiries in the Hotel, etc. will be provided directly to the relevant departments.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
MARIETTA has recognized the principles of data processing as basic values that must be respected throughout the cycle of personal data processing, from their collection to their destruction or other cessation of processing. MARIETTA processes data:
Lawfully
- by processing data only if allowed by law and within the limits prescribed by law.
Fairly
- by considering the specifics of each relationship, applying all appropriate measures to protect personal information and privacy in general and not impeding data subjects in exercising their rights.
Transparently
- by informing data subjects about the processing of personal data. From the start of the data collection process, when data subjects are informed about all aspects of data processing, until its termination, data subjects are provided easy and fast access to their own data.
Purpose limitation
- by processing personal data for the purposes they were collected for and for other purposes only if the conditions of the Regulation are met. Data may be processed for matching purposes only considering (a) any link between the purposes of the collection of personal data and the purposes of the intended continuation of the processing; (b) the context in which the personal data was collected, in particular concerning the relationship between the data subjects and MARIETTA; (c) the nature of the personal data; (d) the possible consequences of the intended continuation of processing for the data subjects; and (e) the existence of appropriate protection measures.
Storage limitation
- by storing data in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the initial purposes, and longer only if permitted by the Regulation.
Data minimization
- by processing data if it is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. Particular attention is given to not collecting data for which there is no justifiable reason for processing.
Accuracy
- by keeping data accurate and up-to-date, and erasing inaccurate data in the scope of possibility.
Integrity and Confidentiality
- by using appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure appropriate personal data protection, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. Relevant measures are applied considering the risk of each type of data processing.
LEGALITY OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
In order to respect the lawfulness of processing personal data, MARIETTA processes personal data only if and to the extent that at least one of the following is met:
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract
to which the data subject is a party or in order to act at the request of the data subject prior to the conclusion of the contract; this is the most common purpose of data processing with an existing contractual relationship or a contractual relationship in negotiations as its basis.
Processing is necessary to comply with the legal obligations
of the data controller. As a legal entity, MARIETTA has a number of obligations prescribed by various regulations. This obligation includes the collection and often the submission of data to public authorities.
Processing is necessary for the legitimate interests
of the data controller or a third party, except where those interests are stronger than the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects requiring the protection of personal data, considering reasonable expectations of data subjects based on their relationship with the data controller, especially if the data subject is a child. In applying this legal basis, MARIETTA assesses that the processing is appropriate to business needs, that it is the least invasive as possible and that the interests of the data subjects do not exceed the legitimate interests of MARIETTA or a third party. Examples of such processing are processing for administrative purposes, the purposes of maintaining computer network security. The data subject always has the right to object to such processing in these situations.
Processing is necessary to protect key interests of the data subject or other natural person.
The right to personal data protection is not an absolute right and MARIETTA equates it with other fundamental rights in accordance with the principle of proportionality.
The data subject has consented
to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes. When processing personal data on the basis of consent, MARIETTA provides that these are situations in which there are no, formal or informal, consequences for giving, refusing or denying consent. When processing is based on consent, the data subject may withdraw consent at any time without negative consequences. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Special categories of personal data:
shall be processed only if the conditions set out in Article 9 of the Regulation are met.
Data relating to criminal convictions and offenses:
shall be processed only under the control of official authority and in accordance with Article 10 of the Regulation.
Personal data that are not included in the previous two groups:
that kind of data makes most of the processed data. The most common types of data are identification and contact data such as name, surname, e-mail address and data that are related with your relation with us (accommodation etc.).
Most of the personal data that we collect is provided by the data subjects themselves. Therefore, we kindly ask you that you do not provide sensitive information (such as race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, etc.) when this is not necessary. If you nevertheless provide sensitive information for any reason, you hereby give your express consent to the collection and use of such information in the ways described in these Policy or in the manner described at the time of disclosure of that information.
THE ROLE OF VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.
MARIETTA concluded with the company Valamar Riviera d.d. with its registered office in Poreč, Stancija Kaligari 1 OIB: 36201212847 (hereinafter: Valamar) Contract in relation to the management of hotel and tourist facilities and contents (hereinafter: Management contract) based on which Valamar manages certain business segments of MARIETTA.
Due to such Management contract, when managing the Hotel, Valamar sometimes directly manages certain activities, including the management of some of the activities described in the Special Section of this Privacy Policy, in particular Valamar can process the personal data of the guests for providing the sales and marketing services. In addition, Valamar sometimes receives data from MARIETTA and has a right of access to relevant data base to perform certain activities where it subsequently comes to personal data processing.
For example, Valamar can manage the reservation function through the Valamar reservation center (call center) and via the websites www.valamar.com, and in these cases Valamar is an independent data controller (and data subjects will be informed on the spot about that fact) however, all this information related to Hotel are and have to be also processed by MARIETTA as an owner and independent data controller.
Furthermore, Valamar has a legitimate interest in processing of personal data carried out for the purposes of direct marketing, primarily for the purpose of sending marketing messages (newsletters) by e-mail, SMS and / or instant messaging platform (Viber, Whatsapp, etc.). Based on a legitimate interest, Valamar may send different newsletters depending on the relationship that respondents have with Valamar or the facilities under Valamar's management. For this purpose, personal data is collected from guests and persons who have asked for an offer or booked accommodation, persons who have participated in the prize game (if there will be any), joined the Valamar`s  loyalty program, filled out a satisfaction questionnaire about accommodation in or otherwise had a relationship with Valamar.
Following the above, in certain cases Hotel guests can expect to receive from Valamar newsletters containing information about all other hotels and facilities managed by Valamar, as well as accommodation quality questionnaires and other service e-mails. For Hotel guests, prize games can be organized from time to time, which can be organized by Valamar, in which case guests personal data will be collected only if guests decide to participate in the prize game.
Valamar's Plus Club Loyalty Program can be applied for the MARIETTA. The conditions of membership are contained in Valamar's loyalty programme terms and conditions, which can be found at
https://www.valamar.com/cmsmedia/loyalty/terms-conditions-en.pdf
.
Also, based on the Management contract, Valamar has certain rights and obligations related to human resources, so in these cases Valamar has the right to process personal data of employees and candidates for employment in MARIETTA for the purpose of managing the business processes in the Hospitality Operations.
When Valamar acts as the data controller, the Valamar Privacy Policy applies, which can be found at:
https://www.valamar.com/en/privacy-policy
/
https://www.valamar.com/hr/izjava-o-privatnosti
.
DATA DELIVERY TO THIRD ENTITIES
MARIETTA shares personal information with others only when permitted.
MARIETTA is obliged by law to provide data to third parties. For example, delivering guest data and employee data to the competent institutions.
It is possible to deliver data to business entities, processors, who process the data upon instruction of MARIETTA, which acts as the data processor. Most often, these are MARIETTA's business partners who provide IT services, who store certain data in their databases or have the possibility of accessing personal data until the end of processing. In that cases a detailed contract shall be concluded with such subjects regarding their powers and obligations in the processing of personal data, in accordance with the requirements of the Regulation.
In certain situations, it is possible for external entities and MARIETTA to jointly determine the purposes and methods of personal data processing, in which case these external partners and MARIETTA are joint data controllers. In these relations, the joint data controllers shall transparently determine their responsibilities for complying with the obligations under the Regulation, in particular with regard to the exercise of data subject`s rights and their duties to respect the transparency of processing, unless responsibilities are established by law.
A special case of data delivery to third parties is the fact that MARIETTA has the Management contract with Valamar (see chapter: ROLE OF VALAMAR RIVIERA d.d.).
If data are transferred to third countries as part of data processing, MARIETTA ensures compliance with high protection standards in order to comply with the highest possible standard of personal data protection, in accordance with the strict requirements of the Regulation. Any transfer of personal data to third countries will be carried out in accordance with Chapter V of the Regulation.
DATA STORAGE PERIOD
Personal data are processed and stored for the period in accordance with applicable legal regulations when the retention obligation is prescribed (for example, accounting documents), and in situations where MARIETTA is authorized to set retention periods, data is stored as long as necessary for the purposes for which personal data is processed taking into account the purpose of processing, the legitimate interests of MARIETTA and the interests of the data subjects to delete the data.
RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS
Regardless of the basis for data collection, all data subjects can exercise the following rights free of charge within the limits prescribed by the Regulation:
Right to information:
The data subject has the right to be informed about the processing and its purposes. MARIETTA provides the data subjects with all the information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing, considering the context of processing.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
: The data subject has the right to request to delete personal data relating to him/her, without undue delay in accordance with the terms of the Regulation. To do so, please send your request to us in writing, including an electronic form of communication. Please note that the request needs to specify what you wish to be deleted, since we can store your data on different legal bases. You have the right to request the deletion of personal data relating to you where one of the following grounds applies:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
the data subject objects to the processing pursuant and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation;
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
In some cases, it will not be possible to fully comply with the deletion request, for example when there is a legal obligation for retention, when the legitimate interest of the controller is stronger than the interest of the data subjects, when there is an interest of the data controller to set, enforce or defend legal claims.
Right of access:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
The controller shall provide a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested by the data subject, the controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by the data subject, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form. The right to obtain a copy shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to rectification:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Considering the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to data portability:
The data subject has the right to receive personal data relating to him in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in accordance with the requirements of the Article 20 of Regulation.
Right to object:
The data subject shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her which is based on public interest and legitimate interests, including profiling based on those provisions. The controller shall no longer process the personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to restriction of processing:
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of their use instead;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
the data subject has objected to processing pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
In any case, data subjects also have the right to:
to submit a complaint time via e-mail:
dsgvo.obertauern.places@valamar.at
or by mail to the address Valamar Marietta GmbH with its headquarters in Ringstraße 8, AT-5562 Obertauern
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Austrian Data Protection Authority) if they believe that their rights to data protection have been violated.
MARIETTA as the data controller has the right to protect the interests of the data controller as well as the protection of the data subjects and accordingly has the right to carry out the activities of establishing the identity of the applicant. MARIETTA has the right to publish a form that will be used to submit a request in order to process the request as efficiently as possible.
On request, MARIETTA provides information on the actions taken in relation to the exercise of data subject's rights without undue delay and in any case within one month from the date of receipt of the request. This period may be extended by an additional two months, considering the complexity and number of applications. MARIETTA shall notify the data subject of any such extension within one month from the date of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the postponement.
If the data subject submits the request electronically, MARIETTA provides the information electronically if possible, unless the data subject requests otherwise.
The data subject's request is generally free of charge, but if the data subject's request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, and in particular because of their frequent repetition, MARIETTA is entitled to charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs or refuse to act on the request.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDREN
MARIETTA advises parents and guardians to teach children about safe and responsible handling of personal data, especially on the Internet. In relation to the offer of information society services directly to a child, the processing of the personal data of a child shall be lawful where the child is at least 16 years old. Where the child is below the age of 16 years, such processing shall be lawful only if and to the extent that consent is given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility over the child.
PERSONAL DATA SOURCES
MARIETTA receives personal data most often from data subjects. When providing personal data to MARIETTA, in any way (booking accommodation, job application…) you guarantee that the information you have provided is correct, that you are legally capable and authorized to dispose of the given information and that you fully agree that MARIETTA collects and uses your data in accordance with the regulations and terms of this Privacy Policy.
Also, MARIETTA receives personal data from other natural and legal persons, for example: from Valamar as a company that manages certain business aspects of business, from travel agencies that forward guest data for accommodation, guests who book accommodation for people with whom they will stay in hotel, agency for employment mediation and assignment of workers, from the holder of accommodation reservations for others guests for whom the reservation is made.
When providing personal data of other persons to MARIETTA, you guarantee that the information you provide is accurate, that you are legally capable and authorized to dispose of the information, that respondents whose personal data you forward to us agree that MARIETTA uses and collects their data in accordance with positive regulations and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
TECHNICAL AND INTEGRATED DATA PROTECTION
MARIETTA, as data controller, provides the highest organizational and technical standards of data protection. Therefore, considering the latest developments, the cost of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing, as well as risks of different levels of probability and seriousness for the rights and freedoms of individuals arising from data processing, at the time of processing, appropriate technical and organizational measures to enable the effective application of the principles of data protection are applied.
Also, MARIETTA implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that only personal data necessary for each specific purpose of processing are processed in an integrated manner. MARIETTA applies this measure to the amount of personal data collected, the scope of their processing, the retention period and their availability. Specifically, such measures ensure that personal data is not automatically, without the intervention of an individual, available to an unlimited number of individuals.
DATA BREACH
In the case of a personal data breach, as the data controller, MARIETTA shall without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the supervisory authority competent, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
The report submitted to the supervisory authority shall contain all information prescribed by the Regulation.
In the event of a personal data breach that is likely to pose a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, MARIETTA, as the data controller, shall inform the data subjects of the personal data breach without undue delay. Sometimes, in cases where the Regulation prescribes, informing data subjects is not mandatory.
Special section
ACCOMMODATION
MARIETTA'S main business activity is the provision of accommodation services in its Hotel MARIETTA 5*. Therefore, MARIETTA collects and processes your personal data for various purposes with the ultimate goal of providing quality accommodation and related services all according to the highest standards of tourism companies.
MARIETTA, as the data controller, stores your personal data that you must provide for accommodation services in its database for the purpose of fulfilling accommodation contracts and fulfilling legal obligations related to the hospitality business. In case you do not provide MARIETTA with the minimum data required for booking accommodation and for the registration to all competent registers, MARIETTA will not be able to provide you with booking services or accommodation services in accordance with the contract and law.
Certain information is necessary in order to act at the request of the data subject before concluding the accommodation contract. For example, before booking accommodation at the request of potential guests, you have to receive offer, for which personal data is needed, at least name, surname and e-mail address in order to be able to send an offer.
The personal data that MARIETTA collects when booking in order to fulfil the reservation obligation usually are:
Name and surname of the reservation holder
Date of birth
Number, type of identification document and place of issue
Citizenship
Number of accommodation units, type of accommodation unit (room type)
Date of arrival and departure
Number of persons per accommodation unit
Minors
Possibly other specifics depending on the request of the person booking the accommodation
e-mail if the person has one
Language
Phone number
Membership in the Valamar`s Loyalty program, if it affects the price of accommodation or collecting points
Payment method and possible additional information needed to execute the transaction or secure payment. In case of cancellation, we must save your data for the purpose of proving the reservation or cancellation.
Upon arrival at the Hotel guests have to check in and confirm data.
In addition, MARIETTA is obliged to keep all invoices, as well as the basis for issuing invoices issued to guests with personal data of the guest in accordance with legal regulations.
Other data related to the circumstances of your stay such as: mode of travel, who you are traveling with, marital status, number of children, pets, other interests, will also be collected and processed during your stay only when they have a direct connection with the accommodation service.
Before, during and after the stay MARIETTA as the data controller has the right based on the legitimate interest to send you so-called service messages – booking confirmations, reminders and other information closely related to the specific stay you have booked. Also, during and after the stay, MARIETTA as the data controller has the right based on the legitimate interest to send to you guest questionnaires about service satisfaction via e-mail, sms and/or instant messaging platforms (viber, whatsapp, etc.) which will be processed by us or through associates. The primary purpose of the service satisfaction questionnaire is to collect service data for the legitimate interest of service improvement by MARIETTA, and MARIETTA may depersonalize and process this data from the questionnaire for statistical purposes.
MARIETTA has the right, based on a legitimate interest, to collect certain data and use it for direct marketing.
Service messages and messages with service satisfaction questionnaires related to a specific stay of the guest are not considered newsletters for the purpose of sending MARIETTA marketing offers and news.
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
MARIETTA as the data controller, has a legitimate interest in implementing video surveillance measures to protect property and persons. We marked all places where video surveillance is installed in the prescribed manner. We are aware that the videos contain personal data of all persons moving around the perimeter of the camera, and therefore we keep them with special care, we have a regulated system of security, availability and our internal safety rules. Special regulations governing the area apply to all other details related to video surveillance.
GETTING IN CONTACT WITH US
When you contact us via email or via one of the forms on our website, data are processed and stored, in accordance with the purpose of processing.
WEBSITE, COOKIES AND INTERNET TECHNOLOGIES
Our website uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is saved to your browser on your computer or mobile device, and retrieved from it on subsequent visits. They do not cause any damage. Cookies cannot be used to reveal your personal identity meaning your name and surname. We use cookies to provide you with the best usability. Some cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. They enable us to recognize your browser during subsequent visits.
If you do not agree with this practice, you can adjust your browser settings so that it will inform before setting cookies. This will also enable you to permit specific cookies.
We use different types of cookies:
Cookies by function
Essential cookies
- they are necessary for the operation of the website, which cannot function without them. This means that a website cannot be opened or displayed without these cookies. These cookies are used for the purpose of transmitting communication or are necessary to provide an information society service that is explicitly required by the user of such a service. These cookies do not need and do not require your consent.
Statistics cookies
- these cookies enable basic analysis of web pages with the aim of improving the work of web pages through data that is completely anonymised, i.e. not based on your personal data or data that can be linked to you in any way. These cookies are used to analyse user behaviour and, on the basis of the anonymous data, can determine what website visitors view and want, so KESSELSPITZE is then able to customise the website and make its content and functionality as easy to use. These cookies require your consent.
Marketing cookies
- they are used to analyse your interests and wishes, and they serve the purpose of informing you about special and personalised offers, news and events organised through online channels (e-mail, internet, internet promotion). These cookies require your consent.
Cookies by source
First party cookies
come from the internet site you are viewing, and can be permanent or temporary. With these cookies, internet sites can store data that will be used again upon the next visit to the internet site.
Third party cookies
come from other internet sites, which are located on the internet site you are viewing. With these cookies, other internet sites can track internet usage on the internet site you are viewing for marketing or analytical purposes.
Cookies by duration
Persistent cookies
- Persistent or saved cookies remain on your computer after you close your internet browser program. They help internet sites store information, such as login and password, language settings, or cookie settings, so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit. Persistent cookies can stay on your computer or mobile device for days, months, even years.
Temporary cookies
Temporary cookies or session cookies are removed from your computer when you close your internet browser. They use internet sites to store temporary information, such as the last few pages you opened on the internet site you visited, or items in your shopping cart if you are on an internet site that specialises in internet sales.
Cookies are stored in the user’s browser for a maximum of 2 years.
If you have changed your mind about the cookie settings on our website, you can alter them at any time.
You can always delete cookies stored on your computer, thus preventing further processing of your personal data through such technology. Each web browser has its own procedure for deleting cookies, and below are links to deletion procedures in the most popular web browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox
Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
You can find more about cookies on the following pages:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/en/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
In Obertauern, 01.07.2023.
Predbilježite se za posebne ponude
Primajte naše posebne ponude i popuste izravno u svoj sandučić elektroničke pošte.
Unos e-mail adrese je obavezan
Molimo unesite e-mail adresu u ispravnom obliku
Prijavite se
vrh
Hoteli i resorti
Kampovi
Destinacije
Ponude za odmor
Valamar Rewards
Brand
Više
hr, EUR
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
We collect your personal data so that we can provide you the content you purchase, download, or want to update in the App Store and other Apple online stores, including the iTunes Store and Apple Books.
We also use information about your account, purchases, and downloads in the stores to offer advertising to ensure that ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks, where available, are relevant to you. You have choices with respect to this advertising, as described below.
We use information about your purchases, downloads, and other activities in the stores to tailor features, offer personalized recommendations, and send you notifications including for Apple marketing. You can opt out of the use of this data for this purpose, as described below.
To help identify and prevent fraud, information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive, will be used to compute a device trust score when you attempt a purchase. The submissions are designed so Apple cannot learn the real values on your device. The scores are stored for a fixed time on our servers.
To find ways to improve the stores, we use information about your browsing, purchases, searches, and downloads. These records may be stored with IP address, a random unique identifier (where that arises), and Apple Account when you are signed in to the App Store or other Apple online stores.
Providing the Stores
We use your personal data to provide the services and features in the App Store and other Apple online stores. This information includes, for example, your account and payment information, which you can access and change in settings, and your purchase history.
We may also use your personal data to provide certain services that you request, such as refund requests. These can include refund requests that you send directly to Apple or that you send to Apple as facilitated by app developers. With your consent, developers may provide certain personal data to Apple to assist with processing these refund requests, such as whether you used the purchase.
When you download an app from the App Store, or install an app on your Apple Watch, identifiers such as your device’s hardware ID and IP address are logged by Apple along with your Apple Account. Apple may use the IP address of your internet connection to approximate your location in order to determine whether certain apps that are subject to legal restrictions in some regions can be made available to you.
Improving the Stores
To improve and optimize the experience in the App Store and other Apple online stores, apps, and services, we collect information about your usage of the stores, including when you open or close the App Store, what content you search for, the content you view and download, and your interactions with App Store push notifications and badges, as well as messages from the App Store within apps. We also collect information about your device such as the type of device, the version of your operating system, and the amount of free space on your device. We may use this information in the following ways, for example:
To offer trending searches and personalized features like More Games You Might Like
To assess whether requested content can be downloaded
To understand general trends in the use of device storage, and whether your device is connected by Wi-Fi or cellular
We may also use your ratings and reviews of apps on the App Store and what you search for to improve models that power the App Store. For example, app reviews and aggregated search queries from you and other App Store users are used to provide review summaries and to fine-tune the App Store search model.
Personalizing the Stores
We use your interactions with the App Store to help you discover the content that’s most relevant to you. For example, we recommend content that we think will be of interest to you based on what you’ve previously searched for, viewed, downloaded, updated, or reviewed in the App Store. We also use your purchase history, including in-app purchases, subscriptions, and payment methods together with account information derived from your Apple Account, such as the devices you use and new devices you activate. To make better recommendations, we also use aggregate information about app launches, installs, and deletions from users who choose to share device analytics with Apple, and aggregate information about app ratings. The App Store uses local, on-device processing to enhance our recommendations. Using app usage data stored on your device — such as the apps you frequently open, the time you spend using certain apps, and your app installs and uninstalls — the App Store can suggest apps and in-app events that are more relevant to you. The information Apple receives about your usage of the stores includes information about the personalized content you tap and view.
You can turn off personalization features in the App Store, Apple Books, the iTunes Store, Apple TV, Podcasts, and for subscriptions from Apple by turning off Personalized Recommendations for your Apple Account. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > [your name] > Media & Purchases > View Account, and then tap to turn off Personalized Recommendations. You can clear the app usage data logged on your device for personalization on iOS and iPadOS devices by going to Settings > App Store > Personalized Recommendations and tapping Clear App Usage Data. This will not delete data logged on your device, but any data logged at the point when you clear your app usage data will no longer be used for personalization. The App Store personalization features will use new data logged after you cleared your app usage data history.
Communicating with You
Apple may use information about your account, such as the Apple products you own and your subscriptions to Apple services, to send you communications about the App Store and other Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you. Apple may also use information about your activity within the App Store to send you communications about new features, content, and offers available on the App Store.
Email Marketing
You may receive these communications by email, if you consent to receive email marketing. You can change your email preferences and opt out of receiving these emails by going to
account.apple.com
, or on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings > [your name] > Personal Information > Communication Preferences.
Push Notifications
You may also receive these communications by push notification. To update your notification preferences or to opt out of notifications on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Notifications > App Store.
Advertising
Apple-delivered advertising helps people discover apps, products, and services on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks. We use information about your device, account, purchases, subscriptions, and previous downloads to ensure that ads are relevant. On the App Store, we may also use contextual information, including your search terms when you run a search, and information about the page you are viewing or the app you are downloading, to serve you a relevant ad. We create groups of people, called segments, who share similar characteristics and we use these groups for delivering targeted ads. Information about you is used to determine which segments you are assigned to, and thus, which ads you receive. To protect your privacy, targeted ads are delivered only if more than 5,000 people meet the targeting criteria. The information used to determine which ads are relevant to you is tied to random identifiers and not tied to your Apple Account.
When selecting which ad to display on the App Store from multiple ads for which you are eligible, we may use some of the above mentioned information, as well as your App Store searches and browsing activity, to determine which ad is likely to be most relevant to you. App Store browsing activity includes information like the content and apps you tap and view while browsing the App Store. This information is aggregated across users so that it does not identify you. We may also use local, on-device processing to select which ad to display, using information stored on your device, such as the apps you frequently open. Apple’s advertising platform receives information about the ads you tap and view against a random identifier not tied to your Apple Account.
If you allow App Store to access your location, your approximate location may be used to provide geographically targeted ads on the App Store. You can opt out of location-based functionality at any time on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services > App Store, then tapping Never.
If the Personalized Ads setting is turned on, Apple’s advertising platform may use your information to serve ads that are more relevant to you. If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple’s advertising platform, you can choose to turn off Personalized Ads. Turning off Personalized Ads will prevent Apple from using your information for ad targeting. It may not decrease the number of ads you receive, but the ads may be less relevant to you.
Learn more about Apple Advertising & Privacy at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising
.
Learn how to opt out of personalized ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks at
support.apple.com/105131
.
Sharing with Third Parties
We are obligated to provide some non-personal data to strategic partners that work with Apple to provide our products and services, help Apple market to customers, and sell ads on Apple’s behalf to display in the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks. For example, we may share non-personal data about your content purchases with app developers so that they can measure the performance of their creative work, meet royalty and accounting requirements, and improve their products and services.
We may share information with developers to help them operate and improve their apps. Developers can access usage information, provided by users who opt in, that allows them to look at aggregated data from groups of users that have similar characteristics or behavior, as long as the data comes from groups of no less than five users. Developers can also access receipt information for purchases and refunds of their products and services in the App Store. The receipts provided to developers do not include personal data; however, developers could seek to associate them with personal data from your use and download of their apps, if you have provided it to them.
If you purchase a subscription in a third-party app, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. We use the Subscriber ID to provide reports to the developer that include information about the subscription you purchased and your country or region of residence. This information is provided to developers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions. If you cancel all of your subscriptions with a particular developer, and if you don’t resubscribe, the Subscriber ID will be reset after 180 days.
In certain regions, if you make an external purchase for digital goods or services for an app, meaning your purchase is not made with Apple’s in-app payment system, the app developer for that app will report to Apple information about the purchase, including amount paid and item purchased, for Apple’s accounting, reporting, and analytics purposes. Apple does not link the purchase information to your Apple Account.
In addition, when automatic downloads of in-app content from app developers occur, your device’s IP address will be visible to the app developer before the app is first opened. The handling of your IP address by the app developer is governed by the app developer’s privacy policies. To turn off automatic downloads of in-app content from developers before you first open an app, go to Settings > App Store, then tap to turn off In-App Content.
Applicable Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data in the App Store generally for performance of your contract with Apple, as necessary for providing the service, and to comply with our legal obligations. Where consent is the appropriate legal basis, we seek it in accordance with applicable local law.
Where applicable local law provides, we process personal data as necessary for purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party in order to:
Display relevant content, assess whether your device has enough space to download requested content, and facilitate automatic downloads of updated content
Help improve and optimize the App Store and other Apple products and services for you and others
Send you offers via email and push notifications that may be of interest to you, and to create segments to serve you ads in the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks
Process refund requests
Provide reporting to developers on purchases in their apps
Prevent fraud and other malicious activity
The data used includes:
Your use of the App Store app, such as your interactions with content you search for, view, download, and purchase, as well as App Store notifications and messages and in-app notifications and messages
Details about your device and account
Your IP address
The device trust score
Retention
We retain personal data associated with your purchases and downloads on the App Store and other Apple online stores for the periods specified by applicable laws relating to financial reporting, which vary by region. For most customers, that requires at least a 10-year retention period but in regions such as China that period can be 30 years. We also retain a record of your purchase and downloads of content for at least as long as you have an account with us to allow you to download that content, again in line with our applicable terms. We retain other information such as browsing activity and searches for a shorter period. The period chosen takes account of applicable legal requirements to retain data and specific business use cases. However, some information, such as purchases but not your stored card details, may be retained as business records even after you close your account or stop using the App Store.
When you use a payment card, Apple may retain and automatically update your card number and billing information for future purchases, recurring transactions, or other uses you authorize. Apple may obtain this information from your financial institution or payment network, and also use it for fraud prevention and verification.
Preventing Fraud and Other Malicious Activity
We also collect personal data to prevent fraud and other malicious activity in the App Store and other Apple online stores, and other Apple apps and services. This information includes device information, such as device type and software version, location information (approximated by matching the IP address of your internet connection to a geographic region, if available), download and purchase history, searches, and other interactions with the stores.
When you initiate a purchase, or when a subscription is set to auto-renew, Apple may use information about your historical business relationship with Apple to process the request and determine whether to provide the product or service in advance of authorization by the payment partner.
We also compute a device trust score on your device when you attempt a purchase using information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive. The submission is designed so Apple cannot learn the underlying values on your device. The score is stored for a fixed time on our servers.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
.
Published Date: January 27, 2025
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 5
https://policy.pinterest.com/hr/privacy-policy:
Pravila
Zaštitni znak
Zaštita privatnosti
Snimanje poziva
Zajednica
Trgovac
Uvjeti
Oglašavanje
Autorsko pravo
Razvojni inženjeri
Obavijest za ne-korisnike
Provedba
Transparentnost
Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti
Ažuriramo Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti (na snazi od 30. travnja 2025.) Ažurirana Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti možete pregledati
ovdje
.
Izjava o zaštiti privatnosti za Kaliforniju
Rezidenti Kalifornije:
ovdje
potražite našu izjavu o zaštiti privatnosti i obavijest o prikupljanju za Kaliforniju.
Sažetak promjena
Ulažemo veliki trud kako bi naša upotreba osobnih podataka bila transparentna i kako biste lako razumjeli svoja prava i mogućnosti izbora. Dodali smo više pojedinosti o osobnim podacima koje prikupljamo i kako ih možemo podijeliti.
Hvala vam što koristite Pinterest!
Naša je misija svima donijeti inspiraciju za stvaranje života kakav vole. Da bismo to postigli, prikazujemo vam prilagođeni sadržaj i oglase za koje mislimo da će vas zanimati na temelju podataka koje prikupljamo od vas i drugih strana.
Napisali smo ova pravila kako bismo vam pomogli razumjeti koje podatke prikupljamo, kako ih koristimo i koje opcije u vezi s podacima imate. Neki od koncepata u nastavku su malo tehnički, ali potrudili smo se objasniti stvari na jednostavan i jasan način.
Opseg Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti
Ovo su Pinterestova globalna Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti. U nastavku smo istaknuli kad se određeni odjeljak primjenjuje na vas ovisno o mjestu gdje živite.
U svrhu Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka („
GDPR
“), ako imate prebivalište u EGP-u, Švicarskoj i Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu, Pinterest Europe Ltd. i Pinterest, Inc. zajednički su voditelji obrade vaših osobnih podataka. Pinterest Europe Ltd. Irska je tvrtka sa sjedištem na adresi Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Irska. Pinterest, Inc. tvrtka je iz SAD-a sa sjedištem na adresi 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, SAD. Pinterest Europe Ltd. nadležni je voditelj obrade za ispunjavanje ključnih obveza prema GDPR-u. Ako imate bilo kakvih pitanja o našim aktivnostima obrade podataka, obratite se našem
službeniku za zaštitu podataka
.
Prikupljanje podataka provodimo na nekoliko različitih načina
1. Kad nam ih sami date ili nam date dopuštenje da ih prikupimo
Kada upotrebljavate Pinterestove web-stranice, aplikacije, usluge, tehnologije, API-je, widgete ili druge
proizvode
i značajke koje nudimo („Pinterest“ ili „Usluge“), dobrovoljno dijelite određene podatke.
Podaci o računu
: kada se pridružite našim Uslugama, prikupljamo podatke poput vašeg imena, adrese e-pošte, rođendana, spola, zemlje prebivališta, interesa i jezika. Ako imate poslovni račun, ovisno o tome gdje živite, imate i mogućnost dodavanja podataka o rasi i etničkoj pripadnosti na svome profilu.
Sadržaj
: informacije prikupljamo kada spremite ili učitate pinove, fotografije ili drugi sadržaj, stupate u interakciju s pinovima ili drugim sadržajem (na primjer, komentirate ili dodajete pin) ili kad šaljete poruke i stupate u interakciju s drugim korisnicima.
Informacije o točnoj lokaciji
: ovisno o mjestu na kojem živite, možete odabrati dijeljenje svoje točne lokacije u postavkama uređaja.
Vaša komunikacija s nama
: ako nam se obratite za korisničku podršku ili na drugi način komunicirate s nama, prikupljamo sadržaj tih komunikacija.
Vaši kontakti
: ako ste prethodno odabrali sinkroniziranje kontakata s vašim računom, obradit ćemo određene podatke o vašim kontaktima koji su korisnici Pinteresta kako bismo vam pomogli da ih pronađete u sklopu naših Usluga.
2. Kad upotrebljavate Pinterest, dobivamo i tehničke podatke
Kad upotrebljavate neku web-stranicu, mobilnu aplikaciju ili drugu internetsku uslugu, automatski se stvaraju i evidentiraju podaci o određenim internetskim aktivnostima i aktivnostima elektroničkih mreža. To je slučaj i kad upotrebljavate Pinterest. Slijede neke vrste podataka koje prikupljamo:
Podaci o uređaju
: prikupljamo podatke o uređaju koji upotrebljavate za pristup našim Uslugama, uključujući vrstu uređaja, operacijski sustav, davatelja mrežnih usluga, postavke i jedinstvene identifikatore uređaja.
Podaci zapisnika
: kada upotrebljavate Pinterest, naši poslužitelji bilježe podatke („podaci zapisnika“), uključujući podatke koje vaš preglednik automatski šalje svaki put kad posjetite web-stranicu ili koje vaša mobilna aplikacija automatski šalje kada je koristite. Ti podaci uključuju, na primjer, vašu adresu internetskog protokola (IP), vašu aktivnost na posjećenim web-stranicama koje sadrže značajke Pinteresta (poput gumba „Spremi“ ), vrstu preglednika i postavke te datum i vrijeme kad ste pristupili Uslugama.
Više o podacima zapisnika koje prikupljamo možete saznati ovdje
.
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija
: koristimo se i „kolačićima“ ili sličnim tehnologijama za dobivanje podataka zapisnika. Na primjer, upotrebljavamo kolačiće za pohranu vaših postavki jezika ili drugih postavki, tako da ih ne morate postavljati svaki put kada posjetite Pinterest. Za više informacija o načinu na koji koristimo kolačiće pregledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
.
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
: kad upotrebljavate Usluge, koristimo vašu aktivnost, kao što su pinovi na koje kliknete, izrazi koje pretražujete, ploče koje izradite i tekstovi koje dodate u komentaru ili opisu, kao i informacije koje ste naveli prilikom prve registracije i informacije naših partnera i oglašivača, kako bismo donosili zaključke o vama i vašim željama. Na primjer, ako izradite ploču o putovanjima, možemo zaključiti da ste ljubitelj putovanja. Možemo pretpostaviti i druge informacije, kao što su vaše obrazovanje ili radno iskustvo.
Podaci o lokaciji
: koristimo se vašom IP adresom kako bismo došli do vaše približne lokacije, čak i ako ne odlučite podijeliti svoju točnu lokaciju, a fotografije koje dijelite mogu uključivati informacije o lokaciji na kojoj su snimljene.
Odabiri korisnika
: vodimo evidenciju o opcijama koje ste odabrali u postavkama, uključujući postavke privatnosti i jeste li omogućili obavijesti.
3. Naši partneri i oglašivači dijele informacije s nama
Informacije o vama i vašoj aktivnosti izvan Pinteresta dobivamo i od naših partnera, oglašivača, suradnika i drugih trećih strana s kojima surađujemo. Na primjer:
Platforme trećih strana
: ako se registrirate za uslugu ili se prijavite putem platforme treće strane (npr. Facebooka ili Googlea), one će nam dati određene informacije za izradu vašeg računa ili prijavu. Osim toga, ako
povežete svoje račune trećih strana
s našim Uslugama, možemo upotrijebiti podatke s tih računa kako bismo poboljšali vaš doživljaj. Osim toga, neke aplikacije trećih strana koriste značajke Pinteresta, kao što je naš gumb „Spremi“, ili možete sami instalirati naš gumb „Spremi“ za svoj preglednik. U tom slučaju prikupljamo podatke zapisnika s tih web-stranica ili aplikacija, uključujući podatke o upotrebi.
Partneri iz tehničke službe
: ponekad primamo informacije o vama od partnera iz tehničke službe, uključujući od marketinških tvrtki.
Oglašivači ili drugi partneri
: internetski oglašivači ili treće strane dijele podatke s nama o vama kako bi mjerili, bilježili ili poboljšali izvedbu oglasa na Pinterestu ili saznali koje bi vam vrste oglasa trebali prikazivati na Pinterestu. Na primjer, možemo dobiti podatke o vašim posjetima web-stranicama oglašivača ili kupnjama na njima ili podatke o vašim interesima iz usluge treće strane koje bismo mogli upotrijebiti za prikazivanje oglasa u sklopu usluge. Ponekad te podatke dobijemo putem Pinterestove oznake (dio koda koji oglašivač postavlja na svoju web-stranicu) koja nama i našim oglašivačkim partnerima omogućuje uvid u radnje koje osoba poduzima na njihovoj web-stranici nakon što pregleda oglas u sklopu naših Usluga.
Saznajte više o Pinterestovoj oznaci
i vrstama podataka koje oglašivači ili druge treće strane dijele s nama.
U
postavkama za zaštitu privatnosti i podataka
možete odrediti kako upotrebljavamo te podatke za prilagodbu vašeg iskustva i oglasa koji vam se prikazuju na Pinterestu.
Kako upotrebljavamo podatke koje prikupljamo
Predano radimo na tome da vam prikazujemo sadržaj koji je relevantan, zanimljiv i prilagođen vama. Da bismo to postigli, upotrebljavamo vaše podatke da bismo vam pružili bolje iskustvo, što uključuje sljedeće:
Identificiramo vas prilikom upotrebe naših Usluga.
Preporučujemo vam pinove, ploče ili sadržaj koji bi vam se mogao svidjeti na temelju vaših aktivnosti u sklopu naših Usluga i vašeg ponašanja izvan web-stranice. Na primjer, ako uočimo da vam se sviđa sadržaj povezan s kuhanjem na Pinterestu, možemo vam predložiti pinove povezane s hranom. Isto tako, ako posjetite web-stranice koje prodaju električne gitare, možemo vam predložiti pinove o gitarama. Za više informacija o preporukama sadržaja pročitajte naše
Uvjete pružanja usluge
.
Odgovaramo na vaša pitanja ili komentare.
Gradimo vašu zajednicu u sklopu naših Usluga. Upotrebljavamo vaše podatke da bismo vam predložili druge ljude sa sličnim interesima. Na primjer, ako pratite ploče za dizajn interijera, možemo predložiti dizajnere interijera koji bi vam se mogli svidjeti. Podaci nam služe i da bismo vašim prijateljima i kontaktima pomogli da vas pronađu na Pinterestu. Na primjer, ljudi mogu pronaći vaš račun na Pinterestu i pomoću vaše adrese e-pošte. Ako ste prethodno odabrali sinkroniziranje kontakata s vašim računom na Pinterestu, obradit ćemo određene podatke o vašim kontaktima koji su korisnici Pinteresta kako bismo vam pomogli da ih pronađete u sklopu naših Usluga.
Omogućujemo pretraživanja pomoću fotografija ako to želite. Na primjer, ako fotografirate par cipela ili komad namještaja koji vam se sviđa, možete od nas zatražiti da vam pokažemo slične predmete. To možete uključiti u postavkama operativnog sustava uređaja.
Ovisno o tome gdje živite i uz vaš pristanak, utvrđujemo vašu točnu lokaciju i prilagođavamo vaše iskustva u sklopu naših Usluga. Na primjer, ako znamo da ste u blizini trgovca, možemo vam pokazati pinove tog trgovca koji bi vas mogli zanimati. To možete uključiti (i isključiti) u postavkama operativnog sustava uređaja.
Šaljemo vam novosti, uključujući e-poštom, automatskim obavijestima, SMS-om ili telefonom. U svakom trenutku možete otkazati pretplatu na naše promotivne poruke e-pošte i odabrati
da vam se više ne šalju druge obavijesti
tako da ažurirate
postavke
.
Vaše podatke upotrebljavamo kako bismo poboljšali svoje Usluge, zaštitili svoje korisnike i javnost te zaštitili pravne interese. Da bismo to postigli:
Pregledavamo vašu aktivnost i poruke u sklopu naših Usluga kako bismo otkrili neželjenu poštu ili aktivnost koja predstavlja rizik za našu zajednicu ili javnost. To može uključivati rad s pravosudnim tijelima na sigurnosti Pinteresta.
Analiziramo podatke zapisnika korisnika i podatke o uređaju kako bismo identificirali i istražili sumnjivo ponašanje ili kršenja naših pravila ili Uvjeta.
Provođenje
provjere dobi
, prema potrebi. To može uključivati procjenu dobi na temelju lica i uspoređivanje vašeg lica sa službenom identifikacijskom ispravom.
Možemo pristupiti podacima o korisnicima u vezi s pravnim zahtjevom, sudskim ili regulatornim postupkom.
Provodimo analize i istraživanja o tome tko i kako upotrebljava naše Usluge. Na primjer, evidentiranjem koliko često ljudi koriste dvije različite verzije značajke na Pinterestu možemo saznati koja je verzija bolja.
Poboljšanje proizvoda i usluga naše grupacije tvrtki i ponuda novih značajki. Na primjer, upotreba informacija za obučavanje, razvoj i poboljšavanje naše tehnologije kao što su naši modeli strojnog učenja.
Stvaramo objedinjene ili anonimizirane podatke koje se u razumnoj mjeri ne mogu iskoristiti za vašu identifikaciju. Pinterest obrađuje, zadržava i upotrebljava te podatke samo bez identifikacijskih podataka u svrhu ovih Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti i neće pokušati ponovno identificirati takve podatke.
Vaše podatke upotrebljavamo i za prilagodbu oglasa koji vam se prikazuju
Podatke koje prikupljamo upotrebljavamo u sljedeće svrhe:
Odlučivanje koje ćemo vam oglase prikazivati izravno na Pinterestu i,
ovisno o tome živite
, prikazivanje oglasa putem naših partnera. Na primjer, ako pokažete interes za šatore za kampiranje na Pinterestu ili pregledavate vreće za spavanje na web-stranici jednog od naših partnera, možemo vam prikazivati oglase za druge proizvode na otvorenom. Oglase koje vam prikazujemo prilagođavamo tako da utvrdimo vaše interese na temelju vaših aktivnosti na Pinterestu i izvan njega, kao i upotrebom podataka koje primamo od oglašivačkih partnera ili drugih trećih strana. Ako upotrebljavamo kolačiće da bismo identificirali vaše interese izvan Pinteresta, dobit ćemo vaš pristanak ako je to potrebno.
Oglašavanje Pinterestovih proizvoda i usluga na drugim web-stranicama i aplikacijama. Da bismo to učiniti, podatke kao što su ID-ovi kolačića, vaša IP adresa ili raspršena verzija vaše adrese e-pošte otkrivamo trećim stranama, kao što su Facebook oglasi, Google Marketing Platform i drugima koji mogu kombinirati te podatke s drugim podacima koje već imaju o vama i isporučiti vam oglase o Pinterestu.
Saznajte više
o našim marketinškim praksama izvan Pinteresta i kako ih isključiti.
Obavještavanje naših oglašivačkih partnera o tome kakva je izvedba njihovih Pinterestovih oglasa i kako ih poboljšati. Da bismo to učinili, informacije o oglasima koje vidite ili s kojima stupate u interakciju na Pinterestu otkrivamo oglašivačima i tvrtkama trećih strana da bismo poboljšali izvedbu oglasa, a koje mi ili oni upotrebljavaju za reviziju ili poboljšanje prikazivanja i izvedbe oglasa ili sadržaja na web-stranicama i aplikacijama. Neki su od tih podataka objedinjeni. Na primjer, obavijestili bismo oglašivača da je određeni postotak ljudi koji su pregledali pin posjetio web-stranicu tog oglašivača. Ovisno o tome gdje živite i kakve su vam postavke, možemo otkrivati te podatke i na pojedinačnoj razini. Na primjer, oglašivaču bismo dali do znanja da su određeni ljudi spremili određeni pin. Da biste saznali više o izvješćivanju o oglasima,
posjetite Centar za pomoć
.
Neke od tih aktivnosti mogu se smatrati „ciljanim oglašavanjem“ „dijeljenjem“ ili „prodajom“ jer su ti pojmovi tako definirani u određenim saveznim zakonima o zaštiti privatnosti u SAD-u. Možete isključiti mogućnost da Pinterest upotrebljava i otkriva vaše podatke u te svrhe. To možete učiniti putem izbornika
Postavke za zaštitu privatnosti i podataka
.
Kada kolačiće upotrebljavamo kako bismo saznali više o vašem ponašanju na našim Uslugama ili izvan njih, mi ili naši partneri pribaviti ćemo pristanak koji će nam možda biti potreban u skladu s primjenjivim zakonom. Kako biste saznali više o tome kako se koristimo kolačićima, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
.
Dodatne informacije za rezidente EGP-a, Švicarske i Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva čiji se podaci prikupljaju: pravni temelji na koje se oslanjamo za upotrebu vaših podataka
Odjeljak u nastavku odnosi se samo na stanovnike EGP-a, Švicarske i Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva. Prema primjenjivom zakonu o zaštiti podataka u Europskoj regiji (kao što je GDPR), tvrtke moraju imati pravni razlog za obradu vaših podataka u različite svrhe opisane u ovim Pravilima o zaštiti privatnosti.
Imate i određena prava koja su vam dostupna ovisno o pravnoj osnovi koju primjenjujemo, kako je objašnjeno u nastavku.
Podatke upotrebljavamo na temelju legitimnih interesa
Oslanjamo se na svoje legitimne interese ili interese trećih strana ako ih ne prevladavaju vaši interesi ili temeljna prava.
Da bismo vam prikazivali sadržaj koji je relevantan, zanimljiv i prilagođen vama:
Identificiramo vas prilikom upotrebe naših Usluga.
Preporučujemo vam pinove, ploče, teme ili kategorije koje bi vam se mogle svidjeti na temelju aktivnosti u sklopu naših Usluga. Na primjer, ako uočimo da vam se sviđa sadržaj povezan s kuhanjem na Pinterestu, možemo vam predložiti pinove i ploče povezane s hranom.
Prilagođavamo vaše iskustvo na Pinterestu na temelju vašeg ponašanja izvan web-stranice. Na primjer, ako posjetite web-stranice koje prodaju električne gitare, možemo vam predložiti pinove o gitarama.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
Primanje prilagođenih, jedinstvenih i relevantnih ponuda u našem je interesu i u interesu korisnika Pinteresta jer zato korisnici upotrebljavaju uslugu.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Gradnja vaše zajednice u sklopu naših Usluga uključuje sljedeće:
Predlaganje drugih ljudi koji imaju slične interese. Na primjer, ako pratite ploče za dizajn interijera, možemo predložiti dizajnere interijera koji bi vam se mogli svidjeti.
Pomoć vašim prijateljima i kontaktima da vas pronađu na Pinterestu. Na primjer, ako se prijavite putem Facebook računa, možemo pomoći vašim Facebook prijateljima da vas pronađu na Pinterestu kad se prvi put registriraju za Pinterest. Ljudi mogu pronaći vaš račun na Pinterestu i pomoću vaše adrese e-pošte. Ako odlučite sinkronizirati kontakte s računom na Pinterestu, pristupit ćemo kontaktima na vašem uređaju kako bismo vam pomogli otkriti upotrebljavaju li vaši kontakti naše Usluge.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu pomoći vam u povezivanju s poznatim osobama kako bismo isporučili relevantnu i jedinstvenu uslugu.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Vaši kontakti
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Da bismo Pinterest učinili i održali sigurnim, činimo sljedeće:
Rad s pravosudnim tijelima i istražiteljima na sigurnosti Pinteresta. Možemo primiti zahtjeve za podatke o računu od pravosudnih tijela kao što su policija ili sudovi, kao i od istražiteljima radi proučavanja aktivnosti na Pinterestu. Da biste saznali više o tome kako odgovaramo na zahtjeve pravosudnih tijela, pogledajte naše
Smjernice za provedbu zakona
.
Analiziramo podatke zapisnika korisnika i podatke o uređaju kako bismo identificirali i istražili sumnjivo ponašanje ili kršenja naših pravila ili Uvjeta.
Pregledavamo vaše aktivnosti i poruke u sklopu naših Usluga da bismo otkrili neželjene poruke ili aktivnosti koje predstavljaju rizik za vašu sigurnost i sigurnost naše zajednice i/ili javnosti.
Provođenje provjere dobi. To može uključivati procjenu dobi na temelju lica i uspoređivanje vašeg lica sa službenom identifikacijskom ispravom.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu i u interesu korisnika Pinteresta da zaštitimo Pinterestove sustave i borimo se protiv neželjenih poruka, prijetnji, zlouporabe ili aktivnosti zbog kršenja prava te da promoviramo sigurnost na Pinterestu.
Također je u našem interesu i u intersu drugih korisnika osigurati da se naše Usluge koriste u skladu s našim Uvjetima.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Stvarne informacije koje se koriste ovise o činjeničnim okolnostima, ali mogu uključivati nešto od sljedećeg:
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Vaša komunikacija s nama
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Poboljšanje, uvođenje inovacija i razvoj naših Usluge uključuje sljedeće:
Provođenje analize i istraživanja o tome tko i kako upotrebljava Pinterest. Na primjer, evidentiranjem koliko često ljudi koriste dvije različite verzije značajke na Pinterestu možemo saznati koja je verzija bolja.
Poboljšanje proizvoda i usluga naše grupacije tvrtki i ponuda novih značajki. Na primjer, upotreba informacija za obučavanje, razvoj i poboljšavanje naše tehnologije kao što su naši modeli strojnog učenja. Neki su od tih podataka objedinjeni ili anonimizirani.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu i interesu Pinterestovih korisnika da poboljšamo, promoviramo i razvijamo uslugu na informirani način.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Vaša komunikacija s nama
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Da bismo zatražili pravni savjet ili zaštitili Pinterest u parnici ili drugim sporovima:
Čuvamo i dijelimo informacije kad tražimo pravni savjet ili se nastojimo zaštititi u okviru parnice i drugih sporova. To uključuje kršenja naših Uvjeta i pravila.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu i u interesu korisnika Pinteresta odgovoriti na pritužbe, spriječiti i suzbiti prijevare, neovlaštenu upotrebu Pinteresta, kršenja naših Uvjeta i pravila ili druge štetne ili nezakonite aktivnosti.
U našem je interesu zatražiti pravni savjet i zaštititi se (uključujući naša prava, osoblje, imovinu ili proizvode), naše korisnike ili druge, uključujući u sklopu istraga ili regulatornih upita, parnica ili drugih sporova.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Stvarne informacije koje se koriste ovise o činjeničnim okolnostima, ali mogu uključivati nešto od sljedećeg:
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Vaša komunikacija s nama
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
U sklopu komunikacije s vama:
Odgovaramo na vaša pitanja ili komentare.
Šaljemo ažuriranja (na primjer kada se određene aktivnosti, kao što su spremanja ili komentari, događaju na Pinterestu) i vijesti putem e-pošte ili automatskih obavijesti, ovisno o vašim postavkama. Na primjer, šaljemo tjedna ažuriranja koja uključuju pinove koji bi vam se mogli svidjeti. Ovisno o tome gdje živite, to može biti marketinški sadržaj, a u određenim slučajevima tražit ćemo vaš pristanak. Ako više
ne želite primati ove obavijesti
, možete promijeniti svoje
postavke
.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu i u interesu korisnika Pinteresta neprekidno poboljšavati i razvijati korisničku podršku koju pružamo.
U našem je interesu i u interesu korisnika Pinteresta saznati sve o novim značajkama i elementima koji bi ih mogli zanimati.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Vaša komunikacija s nama
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Kako bismo prikazivali oglase koji su relevantni, zanimljivi i odnose se na vas u sklopu naših Usluga:
Odlučujemo koji će vam oglasi prikazivati na temelju informacija u sklopu naših Usluga. Na primjer, ako pokažete interes za šatore za kampiranje na Pinterestu, možemo vam prikazivati oglase za druge proizvode na otvorenom.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu i u interesu korisnika Pinteresta da im se prikazuju relevantni i zanimljivi oglasi za proizvode ili usluge koje ih zanimaju, a ne da im se prikazuju nasumični i generički oglasi koji ih možda ne zanimaju. To također predstavlja osnovno financiranje usluge koje korisnicima omogućuje da nastave uživati u besplatnoj usluzi, a Pinterestu da generira prihod.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Vaša komunikacija s nama
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Da bismo omogućili mjerenje i analitiku oglasa:
Upotrebljavamo skupne informacije naših pružatelja usluga mjerenja da bismo svojim oglašivačkim partnerima rekli kakva je izvedba njihovih oglasa na Pinterestu i kako ih poboljšati. Na primjer, obavijestili bismo oglašivača da je određeni postotak ljudi koji su pregledali pin posjetio web-stranicu tog oglašivača. Da biste saznali više o izvješćivanju o oglasima,
posjetite Centar za pomoć
.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
U našem je interesu omogućiti poslovnim računima i oglašivačima da pregledaju i steknu uvid u izvedbu svojih oglasa ili sadržaja te u publiku koja je pregledavala ili stupila u interakciju s njihovim oglasima ili sadržajem. Tako mogu donositi informirane odluke (u vezi s vrstama oglasnih kampanja koje bi trebali pokrenuti, vrstom publike koju žele doseći i vrstama sadržaja u kojima korisnici najviše uživaju). To je također u interesu drugih korisnika jer to pomaže zadržati oglašavanje i ostali sadržaj koji prikazujemo korisnicima relevantnim i zabavnim te čini uslugu besplatnom za sve korisnike.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Da bismo izvan Pinteresta prikazivali oglase o Pinterestu koji su relevantni, zanimljivi i odnose se na vas:
Oglašavamo proizvode i usluge na Pinterestu na drugim web-stranicama. Da bismo to učiniti, podatke kao što su ID-ovi kolačića, vaša IP adresa ili raspršena verzija vaše adrese e-pošte otkrivamo uslugama kojima se služimo za promidžbu Pinteresta na stranicama i aplikacijama izvan njega, kao što su Facebook oglasi, Google Marketing Platform i drugi.
Legitimni interesi na koje se oslanjamo
Imamo legitiman interes za isporuku oglasa koji su vam relevantni, zanimljivi i prilagođeni vama da bismo ostvarili prihod.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Podaci o računu (isključujući rasu ili etničku pripadnost)
Sadržaj
Informacije o lokaciji
Podaci zapisnika
Informacije iz kolačića i sličnih tehnologija (da biste saznali kako upotrebljavamo kolačiće, pogledajte naša
Pravila o kolačićima
)
Podaci o uređaju
Podaci o aktivnosti i zaključci
Odabiri korisnika
Podaci iz drugih izvora (platforme trećih strana; partneri iz tehničke službe; oglašivači i drugi partneri)
Podatke upotrebljavamo za pridržavanje naših pravnih obveza
Zašto i kako upotrebljavamo vaše podatke
Ispunjavanje pravnih i regulatornih obveza
Pristup, spremanje, poništavanje ili dijeljenje informacija kao odgovor na sudski nalog, nalog za pretraživanje, radni nalog, sudski nalog ili sličan pravni zahtjev.
Pristup, pohrana, ograničavanje ili dijeljenje informacija kada smatramo da je to potrebno u skladu s pravnim ili zakonskim obvezama, uključujući razmjenu s pravosudnim ili drugim tijelima.
Rješavanje zahtjeva i pritužbi. Čuvamo korespondenciju u vezi sa zahtjevima osoba čiji se podaci obrađuju prema GDPR-u dvije godine u slučaju da zahtjevi nisu riješeni, a ta je korespondencija nužna za rješavanje eventualnih pritužbi. U takvim slučajevima korespondencija se čuva dok se te pritužbe ne riješe.
Primjeri zakona koji mogu zahtijevati da obrađujemo podatke na gore navedeni način uključuju sljedeće:
Regulatorna pitanja: poštivanje regulatornih obveza u skladu sa zakonima o privatnosti (GDPR) i Aktom o digitalnim uslugama (DSA).
Predmeti građanskog, trgovačkog, kaznenog zakona ili zakona za zaštitu potrošača: ako zaprimimo sudski nalog za otkrivanje podataka u svrhu sudskog ili regulatornog postupka (npr. nalozi ili obavezni zahtjevi u skladu s irskim Zakonom o tržišnom natjecanju i zaštiti potrošača iz 2014., GDPR).
Poslovni i porezni predmeti: obveze prema irskom Zakonu o trgovačkim društvima iz 2014. i Zakonu o poreznim obvezama iz 1997.
Problemi koji se tiču sigurnosti naše usluge i zaštite prava, imovine i korisnika
Čuvamo podatke ako je to potrebno radi istraživanja zloupotrebe naših Usluga, npr. neželjene pošte ili drugih loših iskustava. Ako onemogućimo račun zbog kršenja naših Uvjeta, čuvamo i informacije o tom korisniku radi sigurnosti, zaštite i ispravnosti.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Bilo koja od kategorija informacija navedenih u odjeljku „Prikupljanje podataka provodimo na nekoliko različitih načina“, osim za informacije o točnoj lokaciji (koje ne prikupljamo od korisnika u EGP-u, Švicarskoj ili Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu).
Podatke upotrebljavamo uz vaš pristanak
Kako i zašto upotrebljavamo vaše podatke
Ako ste nam dali pristanak (na primjer, u postavkama vašeg uređaja):
Omogućivanje pretraživanja pomoću fotografija. Na primjer, ako fotografirate par cipela ili komad namještaja koji vam se sviđa, možete od nas zatražiti da vam pokažemo slične predmete. To možete uključiti u postavkama operativnog sustava uređaja.
Oglasi na Pinterestu na temelju aktivnosti izvan web-stranice. Prilagođavamo oglase koje vam prikazujemo određivanjem vaših interesa na temelju vaših aktivnosti izvan web-stranice, kao i upotrebom podataka koje primamo od oglašivačkih partnera ili drugih trećih strana. Ako oglašivački partneri ili druge treće strane s nama podijele podatke o vama, oslanjamo se na pristanak koji su već dobili.
Oglasi za potencijalne korisnike. Ako pošaljete podatke putem obrasca za oglase za potencijalne korisnike (na primjer, da biste se prijavili na popis za slanje pošte oglašivača ili za savjetovanje), te ćemo podatke podijeliti s oglašivačem kako je opisano u obrascu.
Promicanje autora. Ako odlučite navesti podatke o rasi ili etničkoj pripadnosti, upotrijebit ćemo ih kako bismo vas promovirali kao autora, na primjer tijekom mjeseca crnačke povijesti ili kako bismo vam najavili događanja.
Korištene kategorije informacija
Bilo koja od kategorija informacija navedenih u odjeljku „Prikupljanje podataka provodimo na nekoliko različitih načina“, osim za informacije o točnoj lokaciji (koje ne prikupljamo od korisnika u EGP-u, Švicarskoj ili Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu).
Kad nam je za nešto potreban vaš pristanak, za istu ga stvar u svakom trenutku možete povući.
Vaša prava i mogućnosti izbora
Imate određen izbor mogućnosti upravljanja svojim podacima. Ovisno o tome gdje živite (npr. EGP, Švicarska, Ujedinjeno Kraljevstvo, SAD), te mogućnosti mogu predstavljati i vaša prava na zaštitu privatnosti prema lokalnom zakonu. Da biste ostvarili ta prava, otvorite
postavke računa
, a ako vam je i dalje potrebna pomoć,
Centar za pomoć
.
Pristup
: možete zatražiti pristup informacijama koje o vama prikupljamo i čuvamo u prijenosnom obliku. Više informacija o tome možete pronaći u našem
Centru za pomoć
.
Ispravak
: podatke možete ispraviti ažuriranjem informacija na svom profilu.
Brisanje
: možete zatražiti da se vaši podaci izbrišu. U postavkama odaberite „Izbrišite svoje podatke i račun“ i slijedite upute.
Isključivanje „ciljanog oglašavanja“, „dijeljenja“ ili „prodaje“
: kao što je gore objašnjeno, neke naše aktivnosti mogu predstavljati „ciljano oglašavanje“, „dijeljenje“ ili „prodaju“ prema definiciji tih pojmova u određenim saveznim zakonima o zaštiti privatnosti u SAD-u. Te mogućnosti možete isključiti u svakom trenutku prema uputama u izborniku Postavke za zaštitu privatnosti i podataka. Imajte na umu da ćete i dalje vidjeti oglase u sklopu naših Usluga, ali oni neće primati obavijesti o podacima izvan web-stranice.
Kad nam je za nešto potreban vaš pristanak, za istu ga stvar u svakom trenutku možete povući.
Dodatna prava za rezidente EGP-a, Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva i Švicarske
Ako živite u EGP-u, Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu ili Švicarskoj, imate i određena dodatna prava:
Pravo na prigovor na obradu ili ograničenje iste
: možete uložiti prigovor na naš izravni marketing ili kada obrađujemo vaše podatke na temelju legitimnih interesa. Prigovor možete uložiti putem ovog
obrasca
.
Pravo na povlačenje pristanka
: ako nam je pravni temelj za obradu podataka vaš pristanak, u svakom je trenutku možete povući. Povlačenje pristanka nema utjecaja na zakonitost obrade u Pinterestu prije povlačenja.
Pravo na prijenos
: možete zatražiti da se informacije koje ste nam dostavili pošalju drugoj organizaciji, ako mi čuvamo te podatke uz vaš pristanak ili za izvršenje ugovora s vama i ako nam je to tehnički izvedivo.
Pravo na podnošenje pritužbe
: ako vam je prebivalište u EGP-u, Švicarskoj ili Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu, imate pravo uložiti pritužbu nadležnom tijelu u svojoj zemlji.
Nadležno tijelo za zaštitu podataka u Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu je Ured povjerenika za informiranje: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, e-pošta: casework@ico.org.uk.
Nadležno tijelo za zaštitu podataka u Irskoj je Povjerenstvo za zaštitu podataka dostupno na adresi: Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / +353 1800437737, e-pošta: info@dataprotection.ie ili putem sljedećeg mrežnog obrasca:
Obrasci za zaštitu podataka
.
Nećemo vas diskriminirati ako odlučite iskoristiti svoja prava ili svoje mogućnosti u vezi s osobnim podacima. Ta bi prava mogla biti ograničena, na primjer, ako bi ispunjavanje vašeg zahtjeva otkrilo osobne podatke o drugoj osobi, ako bi se time kršila prava treće strane (uključujući naša prava) ili ako zatražite od nas da izbrišemo podatke koje smo dužni zakonom čuvati ili imamo uvjerljiv, legitiman interes za čuvanje. Ako odbijemo vaš zahtjev za ostvarivanje prava, imate pravo uložiti žalbu na našu odluku putem adrese e-pošte
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
Imate izbor u vezi sa svojim podacima na Pinterestu. Ako imate račun na Pinterestu, mnoge od tih opcija ugrađene su izravno u Pinterest ili vaše postavke. Na primjer, možete
urediti podatke u svom profilu
,
povezati račun na Pinterestu ili poništiti njegovu vezu
s drugim servisima (npr. Facebookom ili Googleom),
urediti postavke tajne ploče
i
zatvoriti račun u svakom trenutku
. Također podržavamo postavke kao što su Ograniči praćenja oglasa u sustavu iOS i Personalizacija oglasa na Android uređajima.
Na raspolaganju imate i izbor na uređaju ili u softveru koji upotrebljavate za pristup Pinterestu. Na primjer:
Preglednik koji upotrebljavate omogućuje vam upravljanje kolačićima ili drugim vrstama lokalne pohrane podataka.
Vaš mobilni uređaj omogućuje vam da odaberete kako se vaša točna lokacija, fotografije i drugi podaci dijele s nama i želite li to omogućiti.
Za korisnike s prebivalištem u određenim saveznim državama SAD-a koji su omogućili signal za odustajanje (kao što je globalna kontrola privatnosti) tu ćemo postavku poštovati kad se koriste Pinterestom.
Kako i kada dijelimo podatke
Svatko može vidjeti javni sadržaj koji objavite, kao što su ploče i pinovi koje izradite i podaci o javnom profilu koje nam date. Ovisno o tome gdje živite, te javne podatke možemo također učiniti dostupnima putem takozvanih API-ja (tehnički način brzog dijeljenja informacija). Na primjer, partner može pomoću Pinterest API-ja proučiti koji su njegovi najpopularniji pinovi ili kako se njegovi pinovi dijele na Pinterestu. Gore navedene kategorije informacija također dijelimo sa sljedećim primateljima:
Drugim uslugama, u skladu s vašim uputama. Na primjer, kada odlučite
povezati svoj račun na Pinterestu
s uslugama trećih strana ili kada objavite svoj sadržaj s Pinteresta na takvim uslugama, određujete objavljivanje određenih podataka na tim uslugama. Autori nas mogu usmjeriti na dijeljenje podataka s oglašivačima ili drugim partnerima za plaćene angažmane.
Ovisno o tome gdje živite, dijelimo podatke u oglašivačke i povezane svrhe, uključujući prikazivanje oglasa o Pinterestu na uslugama trećih strana, prikazivanje oglasa putem partnera i pružanje uvida oglašivačima u izvedbu oglasa na Pinterestu. Primjerice, kad ispunite obrazac za oglase za potencijalne korisnike ili kliknete na oglas na Pinterestu, te ćemo podatke podijeliti s partnerima oglašivačima.
Pružateljima usluga koje angažiramo da bi vršili obradu podataka u naše ime prema našim uputama te u svrhe opisane u ovim Pravilima o zaštiti privatnosti. Na primjer, podatke dijelimo sa savjetnicima za sigurnost da bi nam pomogli da poboljšamo prepoznavanje neželjene e-pošte. Pružatelji usluga trećih strana mogu u naše ime prikupljati određene podatke koje prikupljamo.
Agencijama za provedbu zakona, vladinim agencijama, istražiteljima ili drugim stranama u skladu sa zakonima, pravilima i propisima. Na primjer, možemo primiti zahtjeve za podatke o računu od pravosudnih tijela kao što su policija ili sudovi. Informacije otkrivamo samo u odgovoru na takve zahtjeve ako vjerujemo da je otkrivanje u razumnoj mjeri potrebno za poštivanje zakona, propisa ili pravnog zahtjeva; za zaštitu sigurnosti, prava ili imovine javnosti, bilo koje osobe ili Pinteresta; ili za otkrivanje, sprječavanje ili na drugi način rješavanje problema s prijevarama, sigurnosnim ili tehničkim pitanjima. Također možemo podijeliti podatke ako smatramo da su potrebni kako bi se spriječile neposredne i ozbiljne tjelesne ozljede osoba u izvanrednim situacijama. Da biste saznali više o tome kako odgovaramo na zahtjeve pravosudnih tijela, pogledajte naše
Smjernice za provedbu zakona
. Možemo podijeliti vaše javno dostupne podatke s neovisnim istražiteljima koji ispunjavaju određene kriterije, i to radi borbe protiv društvenih šteta.
Tvrtkama unutar naše grupacije, uključujući podružnice u našem potpunom vlasništvu i partnere. Ako budemo sudjelovali u spajanju, stjecanju, stečaju, raspuštanju, reorganizaciji ili sličnoj transakciji ili postupku koji uključuje prijenos informacija opisanih u ovim Pravilima, podijelit ćemo vaše podatke sa stranom uključenom u takav postupak (na primjer, s potencijalnim kupcem).
Prijenos vaših podataka
Pinterest je globalna usluga. Upotrebom naših proizvoda ili usluga ovlašćujete nas za prijenos i pohranu vaših podataka izvan vaše matične zemlje, što uključuje Sjedinjene Američke Države, u svrhe opisane u ovim pravilima. Zaštita privatnosti i prava nadležnih tijela na pristup vašim osobnim podacima u tim zemljama možda se razlikuju od onih u vašoj matičnoj zemlji.
Dodatni koraci za prijenose podataka u EGP-u, Švicarskoj i Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu
Ako živite u EGP-u, Švicarskoj ili Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu, poduzet ćemo dodatne korake povezane s prijenosima podataka. Podaci kojima upravlja Pinterest Europe Limited prenose se, pohranjuju ili se obrađuju u Sjedinjenim Američkim Državama ili drugim zemljama izvan područja u kojem živite u svrhu opisanu u ovim pravilima. Zaštitne mjere na koje se oslanjamo u svrhu osiguranja prikladne razine zaštite vaših podataka uključuju sljedeće:
Odluke o primjerenosti. To su odluke koje donosi Europska komisija prema članku 45. GDPR-a (ili slične odluke prema drugim zakonima) ako prepoznaju da zemlja nudi primjerenu razinu zaštite podataka. Podatke prenosimo kako je opisano u odjeljku „Kako upotrebljavamo podatke koje prikupljamo“ u zemlje u kojima važe takve odluke o primjerenosti, npr. države navedene ovdje; ili
Standardne ugovorne klauzule („SUK“). Europska komisija odobrila je ugovorne klauzule prema članku 46. GDPR-a koji tvrtkama u EGP-u omogućuje prijenos podataka izvan EGP-a. Te se klauzule (i istovjetne klauzule za Ujedinjeno Kraljevstvo i Švicarsku) nazivaju standardnim ugovornim klauzulama. Oslanjamo se na standardne ugovorne klauzule za prijenos podataka kako je opisano u odjeljku „Kako upotrebljavamo podatke koje prikupljamo“ trećim stranama u zemljama u kojima nije na snazi odluka o primjerenosti.
Dok se prijenosi u zemlje koje nemaju odluku o primjerenosti obično odvijaju na temelju SUK-ova, u određenim slučajevima, prijenosi se mogu odvijati i na temelju izuzeća predviđenih zakonom o zaštiti podataka. Na primjer, dijeljenje s agencijama za provedbu zakona u hitnim situacijama kada je život osobe u opasnosti.
Identificiramo i upotrebljavamo i dodatne mjere zaštite, prema potrebi za svaki prijenos podataka. Na primjer, upotrebljavamo sljedeće:
tehničke mjere zaštite, npr. šifriranje i pseudonimizaciju; te
pravila i postupke za osporavanje neproporcionalnih ili nezakonitih zahtjeva državnih tijela.
Za primjerak odluka o primjerenosti ili SUK-ova obratite nam se putem podataka navedenih u odjeljku Obratite nam se u nastavku.
Koliko dugo čuvamo vaše podatke
Vaše podatke čuvamo samo onoliko koliko nam je potrebno da vam omogućimo upotrebu Pinteresta i ispunimo svrhe opisane u ovim pravilima. Kada više ne budemo trebali vaše podatke i kad ih više ne budemo trebali čuvati u skladu s našim zakonskim ili regulatornim obvezama, uklonit ćemo ih iz naših sustava ili ih depersonalizirati da vas ne bismo mogli identificirati.
Ako živite u EGP-u, Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu ili Švicarskoj, pročitajte dodatne informacije o našim praksama čuvanja podataka. Podatke čuvamo samo koliko je potrebno u svrhe navedene u ovim Pravilima o zaštiti privatnosti, a koje uključuju pružanje naše usluge ili u druge legitimne svrhe, kao što su pridržavanje zakonskih obveza, provođenje naših Uvjeta i sprječavanje njihovih kršenja, zaštita od neželjene pošte ili zaštita naših prava, imovine i korisnika. Razdoblje čuvanja razlikuje se od slučaja do slučaja. Podatke o računu, kao što su vaše ime, adresa e-pošte i lozinka, čuvamo dok račun postoji jer nam trebaju za upravljanje istim.
Naša pravila o zaštiti podataka djece
Djeca mlađa od 13 godina ne smiju koristiti Pinterest. Ako se nalazite u zemlji u kojoj je dobna granica viša, Usluge možete upotrebljavati samo ako ste stariji od dobne granice za davanje pristanka za obradu podataka. Više informacija potražite u
Centru za pomoć
.
Kako uvodimo izmjene u ova pravila
Povremeno možemo uvoditi promjene u ova pravila, a ako to učinimo, objavit ćemo sve promjene na ovoj stranici. Ako nastavite upotrebljavati Pinterest nakon što te promjene stupe na snagu, na vas se odnose nova pravila. Ako se značajno promijene, možemo dodatno istaknuti obavijest, npr. slanjem poruke e-pošte.
Kontaktirajte nas
Najbolji način da stupite u kontakt s nama ili da iskoristite gore opisane mogućnosti je putem
Centra za pomoć
. Ako živite u Sjedinjenim Američkim Državama, tvrtka Pinterest, Inc. odgovorna je za vaše podatke. Možete kontaktirati Pinterest Inc. na adresi 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, SAD.
Možete se obratiti i našem
službeniku za zaštitu podataka
.
Datum stupanja na snagu izvan EGP-a, Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva i Švicarske: 13. ožujka 2024.
Datum stupanja na snagu u EGP-u, Ujedinjenom Kraljevstvu i Švicarskoj: 30. travnja 2024.
Sadržaj
Izjava o zaštiti privatnosti za Kaliforniju
Sažetak promjena
Hvala vam što koristite Pinterest!
Opseg Pravila o zaštiti privatnosti
Prikupljanje podataka provodimo na nekoliko različitih načina
Kako upotrebljavamo podatke koje prikupljamo
Dodatne informacije za rezidente EGP-a, Švicarske i Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva čiji se podaci prikupljaju: pravni temelji na koje se oslanjamo za upotrebu vaših podataka
Vaša prava i mogućnosti izbora
Kako i kada dijelimo podatke
Prijenos vaših podataka
Koliko dugo čuvamo vaše podatke
Naša pravila o zaštiti podataka djece
Kako uvodimo izmjene u ova pravila
Kontaktirajte nas
Sub-policy 6
https://www.spotify.com/at/legal/privacy-policy/:
Rechtliches
Allgemeine Nutzungsbedingungen
Richtlinie zum geistigen Eigentum
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Richtlinien für Nutzer*innen
Angebotsbedingungen für Premium
Datenschutzrichtlinie von Spotify
Gültig ab dem 10. Oktober 2024
1. Informationen zu dieser Richtlinie
2. Deine personenbezogenen Daten - Rechte und Kontrolle
3. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir zu dir erheben
4. Zweck der Verwendung deiner personenbezogenen Daten
5. Teilen deiner personenbezogenen Daten
6. Aufbewahrung von Daten
7. Übermittlung in andere Länder
8. Schutz deiner personenbezogenen Daten
9. Kinder
10. Änderungen an dieser Richtlinie
11. Kontaktaufnahme mit Spotify
1. Informationen zu dieser Richtlinie
In dieser Richtlinie wird beschrieben, wie wir bei Spotify AB deine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten.
Die Richtlinie deckt Folgendes ab:
Deine Nutzung aller Spotify Streamingdienste. Dazu gehören beispielsweise:
Verwendung von Spotify auf jedem Gerät
Personalisierung deines Nutzungserlebnisses
Infrastruktur, die für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste erforderlich ist
Verknüpfung deines Spotify Kontos mit anderen Anwendungen
Sowohl unsere kostenlose als auch die kostenpflichtige Streamingoption (beides eine „
Serviceoption
")
Deine Nutzung anderer Spotify Dienste, die eine Verknüpfung zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie enthalten. Dazu gehören die Spotify Websites, der Support und die Community-Website.
Im Folgenden werden diese kollektiv als „
Spotify Dienst
" bezeichnet.
Von Zeit zu Zeit entwickeln wir möglicherweise neue Dienstleistungen oder bieten zusätzliche an. Diese unterliegen dann ebenfalls dieser Richtlinie, sofern bei der Einführung nicht anders angegeben.
Bei dieser Richtlinie handelt es sich
nicht
um ...
die Spotify
Nutzungsbedingungen
. Diese sind separat zu beachten. Die Nutzungsbedingungen stellen den rechtlichen Vertrag zwischen dir und Spotify zur Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes dar. Sie beschreiben auch die Regeln von Spotify sowie deine Nutzungsrechte.
Informationen zur Nutzung anderer Dienste von Spotify, die ihre eigene Datenschutzrichtlinie haben. Zu diesen Diensten gehören unter anderem Anchor, Soundtrap, Megaphone und die Spotify Live App.
Weitere Ressourcen und Einstellungen
Die wichtigsten Informationen über deine personenbezogenen Daten findest du hier in dieser Richtlinie. Du solltest allerdings auch einen Blick auf unsere anderen Datenschutzressourcen und -einstellungen werfen:
Datenschutz-Center:
In diesem intuitiven Hub findest du Zusammenfassungen wichtiger Themen.
Datenschutzeinstellungen für dein Konto:
Lege die Verarbeitung bestimmter personenbezogener Daten fest, einschließlich
individuell angepasster Werbung
.
Benachrichtigungseinstellungen:
Lege fest, welche Marketingmitteilungen du von Spotify erhältst.
Einstellungen (zu finden in der Spotify App für PC und Smartphone): Steuere bestimmte Aspekte des Spotify Dienstes, z. B. „Social" oder „Unangemessene Inhalte". Unter „Social" kannst du
eine private Session starten.
auswählen, ob deine Follower*innen sehen können, was du auf Spotify hörst.
auswählen, ob deine kürzlich gehörten Künstler*innen auf deinem öffentlichen Profil angezeigt werden.
Unter „Unangemessene Inhalte" kannst du einstellen, ob als unangemessen bewertete Inhalte mit deinem Spotify Konto abgespielt werden können.
Cookie-Richtlinie:
Sie enthält Informationen darüber, wie wir Cookies verwenden und wie du deine Cookie-Einstellungen verwaltest. Cookies sind Dateien, die auf deinem Handy, Tablet oder Computer gespeichert werden, wenn du eine Website besuchst.
2. Deine personenbezogenen Daten - Rechte und Kontrolle
Viele Datenschutzgesetze räumen Einzelpersonen Rechte in Bezug auf ihre personenbezogenen Daten ein. Zu diesen Gesetzen gehört die Datenschutz-Grundverordnung oder
DSGVO
.
Einige Rechte gelten nur, wenn Spotify eine bestimmte „Rechtsgrundlage" für die Verarbeitung deiner Daten verwendet. Wir erläutern jede Rechtsgrundlage – und wann Spotify sie verwendet – in
Abschnitt 4 „Zweck der Verwendung deiner personenbezogenen Daten"
.
In der nachfolgenden Tabelle wird Folgendes erläutert:
Deine Rechte
Umstände, in denen sie gelten (z. B. die erforderliche Rechtsgrundlage)
Wie du von deinen Rechten Gebrauch machst
Es ist dein Recht, …
Wie?
Informations­auskunft
… darüber informiert zu werden, welche deiner personenbezogenen Daten wir verarbeiten und wie wir sie verarbeiten.
Wir informieren dich
mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie.
durch Informationen, die dir bei der Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes zur Verfügung gestellt werden.
indem wir deine spezifischen Fragen und Anfragen beantworten, wenn du
uns kontaktierst
.
Zugriff
… Zugriff auf deine von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten anzufordern.
So forderst du eine Kopie deiner personenbezogenen Daten von Spotify an:
Verwende die Funktion „Deine Daten herunterladen“ in den
Datenschutz­einstellungen für dein Konto
oder
kontaktiere uns.
Beim Herunterladen deiner Daten erhältst du die Informationen über deine Daten, die Spotify gemäß Artikel 15 der DSGVO zur Verfügung stellen muss. Wenn du weitere Informationen darüber wünschst, wie wir deine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, kannst du dich
an uns wenden
.
Berichtigung
… zu beantragen, dass wir deine personenbezogenen Daten ändern oder aktualisieren, wenn sie fehlerhaft oder unvollständig sind.
Du kannst deine persönlichen Daten in deinem Konto unter „Profil bearbeiten“ anpassen oder
uns kontaktieren
.
Löschung
… die Löschung bestimmter personenbezogener Daten anzufordern.
Du kannst uns beispielsweise bitten, personenbezogene Daten zu löschen,
die wir für den Zweck, für den sie gesammelt wurden, nicht mehr benötigen.
die wir basierend auf der
Rechtsgrundlage
der Einwilligung verarbeiten, sobald du deine Einwilligung zurückziehst.
wenn du Einspruch erhebst (siehe Abschnitt „Einspruch“ unten) und
dieser Einspruch berechtigt ist oder
du direktes Marketing ablehnst.
In bestimmten Situationen ist es für Spotify nicht möglich, deine Daten zu löschen, z. B. wenn
wir die Daten für den Zweck, für den wir sie gesammelt haben, weiter verarbeiten müssen.
das Interesse von Spotify an der Nutzung der Daten dein Interesse an einer Löschung der Daten überwiegt. Das kann beispielsweise der Fall sein, wenn wir die Daten benötigen, um unsere Dienste vor Betrug zu schützen.
Spotify gesetzlich verpflichtet ist, die Daten aufzubewahren.
Spotify die Daten benötigt, um Rechtsansprüche zu schaffen, auszuüben oder zu verteidigen, beispielsweise bei einem ungelösten Problem bezüglich deines Kontos.
Du hast verschiedene Möglichkeiten, deine personenbezogenen Daten von Spotify zu löschen:
Entferne Audioinhalte aus deinem Profil, indem du die entsprechenden Inhalte auswählst und sie löschst. Du kannst beispielsweise Playlists aus deinem Profil oder Songs aus deinen Playlists entfernen.
Beantrage die Löschung deiner anderen personenbezogenen Daten von Spotify. Die entsprechenden Schritte findest du auf unserer
Supportseite
. Diese Daten umfassen persönliche Daten, Nutzungsdaten sowie in
Abschnitt 3 „Personenbezogene Daten, die wir zu dir erheben“
aufgeführte Daten.
Du kannst uns auch
kontaktieren
und die Löschung beantragen.
Einschränkung
… die Einstellung der Verarbeitung aller oder bestimmter personenbezogener Daten anzufordern.
Dies ist unter folgenden Voraussetzungen möglich:
Deine personenbezogenen Daten sind nicht korrekt.
Unsere Verarbeitung ist rechtswidrig.
Wir benötigen deine Daten nicht für einen bestimmten Zweck.
Du widersprichst unserer Verarbeitung und wir bewerten deinen Antrag auf Einspruch. Siehe Abschnitt „Einspruch“ unten.
Du kannst verlangen, dass wir diese Verarbeitung vorübergehend oder dauerhaft einstellen.
Nimm
Kontakt zu uns
auf, um von deinem Recht auf Einschränkung Gebrauch zu machen.
Einspruch
… der Verarbeitung deiner personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen.
Dies ist unter folgenden Voraussetzungen möglich:
Spotify verarbeitet deine personenbezogenen Daten auf der Rechtsgrundlage berechtigter Interessen.
Spotify verarbeitet deine personenbezogenen Daten für individuell angepasste Werbung.
So übst du dein Einspruchsrecht aus:
Du kannst in den Einstellungen des Spotify Dienstes einige Funktionen, die deine persönlichen Daten verarbeiten, deaktivieren oder anpassen. Am Ende dieses Abschnitts erfährst du, wie du Einstellungen für individuell angepasste Werbung vornehmen kannst.
Kontaktiere uns.
Übertragbarkeit von Daten
… eine Kopie deiner personenbezogenen Daten in elektronischer Form anzufordern und diese Daten zur Nutzung an den Dienst eines Drittanbieters zu übertragen.
Du kannst uns auffordern, deine Daten zu übertragen, wenn wir deine personenbezogenen Daten auf der Rechtsgrundlage einer Einwilligung oder zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags verarbeiten. Spotify wird jedoch versuchen, jeder Anfrage im Rahmen seiner Möglichkeiten nachzukommen.
Informationen darüber, wie du dein Recht auf Übertragbarkeit ausüben kannst, findest du oben unter „Zugriff“.
Nicht Gegenstand einer automatisierten Entscheidungs­findung zu sein
… nicht einer Entscheidung unterworfen zu werden, die rein auf automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung basiert (ohne menschliche Beteiligung), einschließlich Profiling, wenn dabei die Entscheidung rechtliche Auswirkungen auf dich oder eine ähnlich bedeutende Wirkung hätte.
Spotify wendet keine solche automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung im Rahmen seines Dienstes an.
Rücknahme der Einwilligung
… deine Einwilligung in die Erhebung oder Verwendung deiner personenbezogenen Daten zurückzunehmen.
Dies ist möglich, wenn Spotify deine personenbezogenen Daten auf der
Rechtsgrundlage
der Einwilligung verarbeitet.
So nimmst du deine Einwilligung zurück:
Ändere die entsprechende Einstellung auf Spotify.
Nimm Kontakt auf.
Recht auf Beschwerde
… dich bei Fragen oder Bedenken an die schwedische Behörde für Datenschutz oder an deine örtliche Datenschutzbehörde zu wenden.
Die Kontaktinformationen der schwedischen Behörde für Datenschutz findest du
hier
. Besuche alternativ die Website deiner örtlichen Datenschutzbehörde.
Individuell angepasste Werbung – Einstellungen
Was sind individuell angepasste Werbeinhalte?
Wir verwenden dafür Informationen, die wir über dich haben, um Werbung so zu gestalten, dass sie für dich relevanter ist. Dies wird auch als interessenbasierte Werbung bezeichnet.
Beispiel für eine individuell angepasste Ad: Ein Werbetreibender hat Informationen, die darauf hindeuten, dass du Autos magst. Mit diesem Wissen können wir dir Ads zu Autos bereitstellen.
Einstellungen zu individuell angepasster Werbung:
Du kannst in den
Datenschutzeinstellungen für dein Konto
unter „Individuelle Werbeinhalte" festlegen, ob du individuell angepasste Werbung erhalten möchtest.
Bei einigen Podcasts kannst du auch über den Link in der Beschreibung der Folge einstellen, ob du individuelle Werbung wünschst. Dies ist möglich, wenn die Person, die diese Inhalte zur Verfügung stellt, Werbung einfügt, um ihren Podcast zu finanzieren. Diese Einstellungen werden vom Hostinganbieter des Podcasts verwaltet, der nicht unbedingt Spotify ist.
Wenn du individuell angepasste Werbung in den
Datenschutzeinstellungen für dein Konto
deaktiviert hast, kannst du dennoch Werbung erhalten, beispielsweise bei unserem kostenlosen Dienst (Spotify Free) und Teilen unseres Premium Dienstes (beispielsweise Werbung in Podcasts). Diese Art von Werbung basiert auf deinen Registrierungsdaten und den Inhalten, die du dir gerade über unsere Dienste anhörst. Wenn du zum Beispiel einen Podcast zum Thema Kochen streamst, hörst du vielleicht eine Ad für eine Küchenmaschine.
Angemessenes Alter für individuell angepasste Werbung:
Das angemessene Alter für den Erhalt individuell angepasster Werbung hängt von dem Land ab, in dem du dich befindest, sowie davon, welche Regeln für individuell angepasste Werbung in diesem Land gelten. Du erhältst keine individuellen Werbeinhalte, wenn du das angemessene Alter noch nicht erreicht hast.
Du kannst dich nicht dafür entscheiden, individuelle Werbeinhalte zu erhalten, wenn du das angemessene Alter noch nicht erreicht hast.
Du erhältst individuelle Werbeinhalte, sobald du das für dein Land geltende angemessene Alter erreicht hast. Wir informieren dich dann über den Spotify Dienst darüber. Unsere Nachricht wird einen Link zu den
Datenschutzeinstellungen für dein Konto
enthalten, wo du jederzeit deine Einstellungen ändern oder individuell angepasste Werbung deaktivieren kannst.
3. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir zu dir erheben
In diesen Tabellen sind die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten aufgeführt, die wir zu dir sammeln.
Erfasst, wenn du dich für den Spotify Dienst registrierst
oder dein Konto aktualisierst
Kategorie
Beschreibung
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Dies sind persönliche Daten, die wir zur Erstellung deines Spotify Kontos benötigen und die es dir ermöglichen, den Spotify Dienst zu nutzen.
Die Art der erfassten und verwendeten Daten hängt von der von dir gewählten Serviceoption ab. Sie hängt auch davon ab, wie du dein Konto erstellst, in welchem Land du dich befindest und ob du Dienste von Drittanbietern für die Anmeldung nutzt. Folgende Daten können erfasst und verwendet werden:
Profilname
E-Mail-Adresse
Passwort
Telefonnummer
Geburtsdatum
Geschlecht
Adresse (weitere Informationen siehe unten)
Land
Universität/Hochschule (für Spotify Premium Student)
Einige dieser Daten erhalten wir von dir, z. B. über das Registrierungsformular oder die Kontoseite.
Wir erfassen auch einige dieser Daten über dein Gerät, z. B. Land oder Region. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir diese Daten erheben und verwenden, findest du in der Kategorie „Nutzungsdaten“ unter „Dein ungefährer (nicht präziser) Standort“.
Adressdaten
Wir bitten dich möglicherweise, deine Adresse anzugeben, um die Daten zu verarbeiten. Das kann folgende Gründe haben:
Überprüfung der Berechtigung für eine Serviceoption
Übermittlung von gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Mitteilungen
Bereitstellung von Supportoptionen
Abrechnung und Steuerverwaltung
Zustellung von Waren oder Geschenken, die du angefordert hast
In einigen Fällen können wir Drittanbieteranwendungen verwenden, um deine Adresse zu überprüfen, z. B. Google Maps.
Erfasst durch deine Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes
Kategorien
Beschreibung
Nutzungsdaten
Dies sind personenbezogene Daten, die gesammelt und verarbeitet werden, wenn du auf den Spotify Dienst zugreifst oder ihn nutzt.
Dazu gehören verschiedene Arten von Informationen, die im Folgenden aufgeführt sind.
Informationen zu deiner Nutzung von Spotify
Beispielsweise:
Informationen zu deiner Spotify Serviceoption
Interaktionen mit dem Spotify Dienst (einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit), z. B.:
Suchanfragen
Streamingverlauf
Von dir erstellte Playlists
Deine Bibliothek
Navigationsverlauf
Kontoeinstellungen
Interaktionen mit anderen Spotify Nutzer*innen
Nutzung von Drittanbieterdiensten, -geräten und -anwendungen in Zusammenhang mit dem Spotify Dienst
Rückschlüsse (d. h. unser Verständnis) auf deine Interessen und Präferenzen basierend auf deiner Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes
Informationen, die du zur Verfügung stellst, wenn du an Spotify Werbeaktionen teilnimmst, z. B. Wettbewerbe oder Gewinnspiele
Inhalte, die du in einem beliebigen Bereich des Spotify Dienstes veröffentlichst, z. B. Bilder, Audio, Text, Titel, Beschreibungen, Kommunikation und andere Arten von Inhalten
Deine technischen Daten
Beispielsweise:
Informationen zur URL
Onlinekennzeichen wie
Cookie-Daten
und IP-Adressen
Informationen zu von dir verwendeten Geräten, z. B.:
Geräte-IDs
Netzwerkverbindung (z. B. WLAN, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)
Anbieter
Netzwerk- und Geräteleistung
Art des Browsers
Sprache
Informationen zur Verwaltung digitaler Rechte
Betriebssystem
Version der Spotify App
Informationen, die es Spotify ermöglichen, Geräte und Anwendungen von Drittanbietern zu erkennen und sich mit ihnen zu verbinden. Dazu gehören Gerätename, Gerätekennungen, Marke und Version. Beispiele für Geräte und Anwendungen von Drittanbietern sind:
Geräte in deinem WLAN (wie Lautsprecher), die sich mit dem Spotify Dienst verbinden können
Geräte, die vom Betriebssystem zur Verfügung gestellt werden, wenn eine Verbindung über Bluetooth, Plug-in und Installation hergestellt wird
Spotify Partneranwendungen, um festzustellen, ob die Anwendung auf deinem Gerät installiert ist
Dein ungefährer (nicht präziser) Standort
Dein ungefährer Standort umfasst Land, Region oder Bundesland. Er geht beispielsweise aus technischen Daten (z. B. deiner IP-Adresse, den Spracheinstellungen deines Geräts) oder der Zahlungswährung hervor.
Wir benötigen diese Information aus folgenden Gründen:
Erfüllung der geografischen Anforderungen in unseren Vereinbarungen mit den Eigentümer*innen von Inhalten im Spotify Dienst
Bereitstellung von für dich relevanten Inhalten und Werbeinhalten
Sensordaten deines Geräts
Dies sind durch Bewegung oder Orientierung generierte Sensordaten des Geräts. Sie werden erfasst, wenn sie für die Bereitstellung von Funktionen des Spotify Dienstes erforderlich sind. Das Gerät sammelt diese Daten über die Art und Weise, wie du es bewegst oder hältst.
Zusätzliche Daten, die du uns möglicherweise zur Verfügung stellst
Kategorien
Beschreibung
Sprachdaten
Wenn in deinem Markt Sprachfunktionen verfügbar sind und du dich dazu entschieden hast, diese Sprachfunktionen zu verwenden, erfassen und verarbeiten wir Sprachdaten. Damit sind Audioaufnahmen deiner Stimme und Transkripte dieser Aufnahmen gemeint.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie die verschiedenen Sprachfunktionen funktionieren und wie du sie anpasst und deaktivierst, findest du in unserer
Richtlinie zur Sprachsteuerung
.
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Wenn du bei Spotify einen Kauf tätigst oder dich für eine kostenpflichtige Serviceoption oder ein kostenloses Probe-Abo registrierst, müssen wir deine Zahlungsdaten verarbeiten.
Die genauen personenbezogenen Daten, die erhoben und verwendet werden, hängen von der Zahlungsmethode ab. Dazu gehören Informationen wie:
Name
Geburtsdatum
Zahlungsmethode (z. B. Kredit- oder Debitkarte)
Bei Verwendung einer Kredit- oder Debitkarte der Kartentyp, das Gültigkeitsdatum und ausgewählte Ziffern deiner KartennummerHinweis: Aus Sicherheitsgründen speichern wie niemals deine vollständige Kartennummer.
Postleitzahl
Handynummer
Details zu deinem Kauf- und Zahlungsverlauf
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Wenn du an einer Umfrage oder an einer Studie teilnimmst, erheben und verwenden wir die von dir angegebenen personenbezogenen Daten.
Einige der oben genannten Daten erhalten wir von Dritten. In der Tabelle unten sind die Kategorien dieser Dritten beschrieben.
Drittanbieterquellen, von denen wir deine Daten erhalten
Kategorien von Drittanbietern
Beschreibung
Datenkategorien
Authentifizierungs­partner
Wenn du dich über einen anderen Dienst für den Spotify Dienst registrierst oder ihn zur Anmeldung verwendest, erhalten wir deine Daten von diesem externen Dienst. Anhand dieser Informationen erstellen wir dein Konto bei uns.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Anwendungen, Dienste und Geräte von Drittanbietern, die du mit deinem Spotify Konto verbindest
Wenn du dein Spotify Konto mit einer Anwendung, einem Dienst oder einem Gerät eines Drittanbieters verbindest, erheben und verwenden wir unter Umständen bestimmte Informationen, um die Integration zu ermöglichen.
Zu diesen Anwendungen, Diensten oder Geräten von Drittanbietern gehören:
Social Media
Geräte, unter anderem:
Audio (z. B. Lautsprecher und Kopfhörer)
Smartwatches
Fernseher
Smartphones und Tablets
Fahrzeuge (z. B. Autos)
Spielkonsolen
Dienste oder Plattformen wie Sprachassistenten oder Inhaltsplattformen
Wir bitten dich um Erlaubnis, bevor wir deine Daten von bestimmten Drittanbietern sammeln.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Technische Dienstleistungs­partner
Wir arbeiten mit technischen Dienstleistungspartnern zusammen, die uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Dazu gehört die Zuordnung von IP-Adressen zu ungenauen Standortdaten (z. B. Land oder Region, Stadt, Bundesland).
Dies ermöglicht es Spotify, den Spotify Dienst, Inhalte und Features bereitzustellen.
Wir arbeiten auch mit Sicherheitsdienstleistern zusammen, die uns dabei helfen, die Konten der Nutzer*innen zu schützen.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Zahlungspartner und Händler
Wenn du dich dafür entscheidest, über Dritte (z. B. Telekommunikations­anbieter) oder per Rechnung zu bezahlen, erhalten wir möglicherweise Daten von unseren Zahlungspartnern.
Dies ermöglicht uns Folgendes:
Senden von Rechnungen
Verarbeitung deiner Zahlung
Bereitstellung des Gekauften
Wenn wir dich zu einem Händler weiterleiten, erhalten wir von diesem Händler Daten, die mit deinem Einkauf zusammenhängen. Wir leiten dich beispielsweise zum Merchandise-Shop eines*einer Künstler*in auf einer Drittanbieterplattform oder zu einer externen Ticket-Website weiter.
Anhand dieser Daten können wir:
die uns zustehende Provision berechnen.
die Effektivität unserer Partnerschaft mit diesen Handelspartnern analysieren.
deine Interessen besser verstehen.
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Werbe- und Marketingpartner
Wir erhalten Rückschlüsse von bestimmten Werbe- oder Marketingpartnern. Diese Rückschlüsse sind das Wissen der Partner über deine Interessen und Vorlieben.
So können wir relevantere Werbung und individuelleres Marketing anbieten.
Nutzungsdaten
Erworbene Unternehmen
Möglicherweise erhalten wir Daten über dich von Unternehmen, die wir erwerben. Dies dient dazu, unsere Dienste, Produkte und Angebote zu verbessern.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Wenn du die Spotify App für Mobilgeräte herunterlädst und Spotify verwendest, ohne dich anzumelden, erfassen wir eingeschränkte Informationen über deine Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes, einschließlich Nutzungsdaten. Wir tun dies, um zu verstehen, wie du auf den Dienst zugreifst und ihn nutzt. Wir tun dies auch, um sicherzustellen, dass wir dir das richtige Erlebnis bieten, zum Beispiel basierend auf deinem Land oder deiner Region. Wenn du dich entscheidest, ein Spotify Konto zu erstellen, um unseren Dienst in vollem Umfang nutzen zu können, kombinieren wir diese Daten mit den Daten deines Spotify Kontos.
4. Zweck der Verwendung deiner personenbezogenen Daten
Die nachfolgende Tabelle enthält Folgendes:
Zweck der Verarbeitung deiner personenbezogenen Daten
Juristische Begründungen (jeweils als
Rechtsgrundlage
bezeichnet) nach Datenschutzgesetz für jeden Zweck
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für die einzelnen Zwecke verwenden. Weitere Informationen zu diesen Kategorien findest du in
Abschnitt 3 „Personenbezogene Daten, die wir zu dir erheben".
Im Folgenden findest du eine allgemeine Erläuterung der einzelnen „Rechtsgrundlagen", die dir das Verständnis der Tabelle erleichtert:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags:
Wenn es für Spotify (oder eine dritte Partei) notwendig ist, deine personenbezogenen Daten zu verarbeiten, um
die Verpflichtungen aus einem Vertrag mit dir zu erfüllen. Dazu gehören auch die Verpflichtungen von Spotify gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen, dir den Spotify Dienst zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Informationen zu überprüfen, bevor ein neuer Vertrag mit dir beginnt.
Berechtigtes Interesse:
Wenn Spotify oder ein Drittanbieter ein Interesse daran hat, deine personenbezogenen Daten in einer bestimmten Weise zu nutzen, die unter Berücksichtigung möglicher Risiken für dich und andere Spotify Nutzer
innen notwendig und gerechtfertigt ist. Dazu gehört beispielsweise die Verwendung deiner Nutzungsdaten, um den Spotify Dienst für alle Nutzer
innen zu verbessern.
Setz dich mit uns in Verbindung
, um mehr über eine bestimmte Begründung zu erfahren.
Einwilligung:
Wenn Spotify dich auffordert, aktiv dein Einverständnis mit der Verwendung deiner personenbezogenen Daten durch Spotify für einen bestimmten Zweck zu geben.
Einhaltung der rechtlichen Verpflichtungen:
Wenn Spotify deine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten muss, um ein Gesetz einzuhalten.
Zweck der Verarbeitung deiner Daten
Rechtsgrundlage, die diesen Zweck zulässt
Für diesen Zweck verwendete Kategorien personenbezogener Daten
Bereitstellung des Spotify Dienstes gemäß unserem Vertrag mit dir.
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir deine personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um
ein Konto für dich zu errichten.
dein Konto zu personalisieren.
die Spotify App bereitzustellen, nachdem du sie heruntergeladen hast.
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Bereitstellung weiterer Aspekte des Spotify Dienstes
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir deine personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um dir zu ermöglichen, einen Link zu Inhalten auf Spotify zu teilen.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen zählt Folgendes:
Den Spotify Dienst am Laufen zu halten und seine Funktionsfähigkeit sicherzustellen
Zugriff auf den Spotify Dienst sowie die Nutzung des Dienstes ermöglichen
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Bereitstellung bestimmter zusätzlicher optionaler Funktionen des Spotify Dienstes. In solchen Fällen bitten wir ausdrücklich um deine Zustimmung.
Einwilligung
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Feststellen und Beheben von Problemen mit dem Spotify Dienst
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Bewerten und Entwickeln neuer Features, Technologien und Verbesserungen für den Spotify Dienst
Zum Beispiel:
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unseren Algorithmus für personalisierte Empfehlungen zu entwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir analysieren, wie unsere Nutzer*innen auf neue Features reagieren, und prüfen, ob wir Änderungen vornehmen sollten.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen gehören die Entwicklung und Verbesserung von Produkten und Features für unsere Nutzer*innen.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Marketing- oder Werbezwecke, bei denen es das Gesetz vorschreibt, dass wir deine Einwilligung einholen müssen
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir Cookies verwenden, um deine Interessen zu verstehen, oder wenn das Gesetz eine Einwilligung für E-Mail-Marketing erfordert.
Einwilligung
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Andere Marketing- und Werbezwecke, für die das Gesetz keine Einwilligung verlangt
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir deine personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Werbung auf deine Interessen abzustimmen.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen gehört das Schalten von Werbung zur Finanzierung des Spotify Dienstes. Das ermöglicht es uns, einen Großteil davon kostenlos anzubieten.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Einhaltung der gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen, denen wir unterliegen
Das kann Folgendes sein:
Verpflichtung nach dem Recht des Landes/der Region, in dem bzw. der du dich befindest
Schwedisches Recht (da sich unser Hauptsitz in Schweden befindet)
Für uns geltendes EU-Recht
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir dein Geburtsdatum für die Verifizierung deines Alters verwenden.
Einhaltung der rechtlichen Verpflichtungen
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Befolgung eines Ersuchens von Strafverfolgungs­behörden, Gerichten oder anderen zuständigen Behörden
Einhaltung der rechtlichen Verpflichtungen und berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen zählt die Unterstützung von Strafverfolgungs­behörden zur Verhinderung oder Erkennung schwerwiegender Verbrechen.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Erfüllung vertraglicher Verpflichtungen mit Drittanbietern
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir pseudonymisierte Daten zum Hörverhalten unserer Nutzer*innen bereitstellen, weil wir eine entsprechende Vereinbarung mit einem Rechteinhaber von Spotify getroffen haben.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen zählt Folgendes:
Aufrechterhaltung unserer Beziehungen zu Künstler*innen, damit wir den Spotify Dienst bereitstellen können
Aufrechterhaltung unserer Beziehungen zu anderen Dritten aus demselben Grund
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Ergreifen von geeigneten Maßnahmen bei Meldungen über Verletzungen des geistigen Eigentums und unangemessene Inhalte
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen gehört der Schutz von geistigem Eigentum und Originalinhalten.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Schaffung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir in einen Rechtsstreit verwickelt sind und wir unseren Anwält*innen Informationen in Bezug auf diesen Rechtsfall zur Verfügung stellen müssen.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen zählt Folgendes:
Einholen von Rechtsberatung
Schutz unseres Unternehmens, unserer Nutzer*innen oder anderen Parteien im Rahmen von Rechtsverfahren
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Geschäftliche Planungen, Reporting sowie Treffen von Prognosen
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir aggregierte Nutzungsdaten wie die Anzahl der Registrierungen in einem Land betrachten, um neue Standorte für die Einführung unserer Produkte und Features zu planen.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen gehören Forschung und Planung, damit wir unser Geschäft erfolgreich weiterführen können.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Verarbeitung deiner Zahlungen
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir deine personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um dir den Kauf eines Spotify Abos zu ermöglichen.
Erfüllung eines Vertrags und Einwilligung
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Adressdaten
Feststellen und Beheben von Problemen mit dem Spotify Dienst
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir Nutzungsdaten analysieren, um eine mögliche betrügerische Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes aufzuspüren.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen gehört der Schutz des Spotify Dienstes und unserer Nutzer*innen vor Betrug und anderen illegalen Aktivitäten.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Durchführen von Studien und Umfragen
Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn wir Nutzer*innen kontaktieren, um sie um Feedback zu bitten.
Berechtigtes Interesse
Zu unseren berechtigten Interessen gehört es, mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie Nutzer*innen über den Spotify Dienst denken und ihn nutzen.
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
5. Teilen deiner personenbezogenen Daten
In diesem Abschnitt wird aufgeführt, wer die personenbezogenen Daten empfängt, die durch deine Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes erfasst oder generiert werden.
Öffentlich verfügbare Informationen
Die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten sind beim Spotify Dienst immer öffentlich verfügbar (außer für Nutzer*innen, die du blockiert hast):
Profilname
Profilfoto
Öffentliche Playlists
Sonstige Inhalte, die du beim Spotify Dienst veröffentlichst, sowie zugehörige Titel, Beschreibungen und Bilder
Nutzer*innen des Spotify Dienstes, denen du folgst
Nutzer*innen des Spotify Dienstes, die dir folgen
Du (oder ein
e andere
r Nutzer*in) kannst bestimmte Informationen an Drittanbieterdienste weitergeben, z. B. an soziale Netzwerke oder Nachrichtendienste. Dazu gehören:
Dein Profil
Alle Inhalte, die du auf Spotify veröffentlichst, sowie Details zu diesen Inhalten
Deine Playlists sowie zugehörige Titel, Beschreibungen und Bilder
Wenn diese Weitergabe erfolgt, kann der Drittanbieter eine Kopie dieser Daten speichern, um seine Funktionen zu unterstützen.
Personenbezogene Daten, die du möglicherweise teilst
Wir geben folgende personenbezogene Daten nur unter diesen Umständen an die in der nachstehenden Tabelle aufgeführten Parteien weiter:
Wenn du dich entschieden hast, ein Feature des Spotify Dienstes oder eine Anwendung, einen Dienst oder ein Gerät eines Drittanbieters zu nutzen, und wir dafür personenbezogene Daten weitergeben müssen.
Wenn du uns anderweitig deine Zustimmung zur Weitergabe der personenbezogenen Daten erteilst. Du kannst dies zum Beispiel tun, indem du die entsprechende Einstellung im Spotify Dienst wählst oder uns die Erlaubnis gibst.
Kategorien von Empfängern
Kategorien von Daten, die du teilen kannst
Kategorien von Daten, die du teilen kannst
Anwendungen, Dienste und Geräte von Drittanbietern, die du mit deinem Spotify Konto verbindest
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Um dein Spotify Konto mit Anwendungen, Diensten oder Geräten von Drittanbietern zu verbinden oder dir die Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes in Verbindung damit zu ermöglichen
Zu diesen Anwendungen, Diensten und Geräten von Drittanbietern gehören:
Social-Media-Apps
Lautsprecher
Fernseher
Automobilplattformen
Sprachassistenten
Einige der Verknüpfungen mit Drittanbietern kannst du in deinem Konto unter „Apps“ einsehen und entfernen.
Support-Community
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Zur Verwendung des Dienstes der
Spotify Support-Community
Wenn du dich für ein Konto in der Spotify Support-Community registrierst, wirst du aufgefordert, einen Profilnamen zu erstellen. Dieser wird allen Nutzer*innen der Spotify Support-Community öffentlich angezeigt. Wir zeigen auch alle Fragen und Kommentare an, die du veröffentlichst.
Andere Spotify Nutzer*innen
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zum Teilen von Informationen zu deiner Nutzung des Spotify Dienstes mit anderen Spotify Nutzer*innen. Das schließt möglicherweise deine Follower*innen auf Spotify ein.
In deinen Einstellungen unter „Social“ kannst du festlegen, dass deine kürzlich gehörten Künstler*innen und deine Playlists in deinem Profil angezeigt werden. Du kannst auch eine Playlist mit anderen Nutzer*innen erstellen oder einer geteilten Playlist beitreten. In geteilten Playlists erhältst du soziale Empfehlungen, die auf deiner Höraktivität basieren.
Künstler*innen und Plattenlabels
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Zum Erhalt von Neuigkeiten oder Werbeangeboten von Künstler*innen, Plattenlabels oder anderen Partnern
Du kannst dich dafür entscheiden, deine persönlichen Daten zu diesem Zweck weiterzugeben. Du kannst jederzeit deine Meinung ändern und deine
Einwilligung widerrufen
.
Daten, die wir weitergeben können
In dieser Tabelle findest du Details dazu, an wen wir Daten weitergeben und aus welchem Grund.
Kategorien von Empfängern
Kategorien von Daten
Grund für die Weitergabe
Dienstleister
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Bereitstellung ihrer Dienste für Spotify
Zu diesen Dienstleistern gehören diejenigen, die wir für Folgendes beauftragen:
Kundensupport
Betrieb der Infrastruktur, die für die Bereitstellung des Spotify Dienstes erforderlich ist
Unterstützung beim Schutz und der Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste (z. B. reCAPTCHA von Google)
Unterstützung beim Marketing unserer Produkte, Dienste, Events und Werbeaktionen (sowie der unserer Partner)
Zahlungspartner
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Verarbeitung deiner Zahlungen und Schutz vor Betrug
Werbepartner
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Bereitstellung relevanterer Werbung im Rahmen des Spotify Dienstes und Messung der Effektivität von Ads
Beispielsweise helfen uns unsere Werbepartner, individuell angepasste Werbeinhalte auszuliefern.
Marketingpartner
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Zur Promotion von Spotify mit unseren Partnern. Wir geben bestimmte Daten von Nutzer*innen und Nutzungsdaten an diese Partner weiter, wenn es für Folgendes erforderlich ist:
Deine Teilnahme an Spotify Werbeaktionen, einschließlich kostenlosen Probe-Abos oder anderen Bundle-Angeboten
Promoten von Spotify in den Medien und in Werbung bei anderen Onlinediensten
Unterstützung bei der Messung der Effektivität von Spotify Werbeaktionen (durch Spotify und seine Partner)
Beispiele für diese Partner:
Marketing- oder Sponsoringpartner
Websites und mobile Apps, bei denen wir Werbeplätze kaufen
Partner im Bereich Geräte, Apps und Mobilfunk, die ebenfalls Spotify Werbeaktionen anbieten
Unsere Partner können die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir an sie weitergeben, auch mit anderen Daten kombinieren, die sie über dich sammeln, z. B. deine Nutzung ihrer Dienste. Wir und unsere Partner können diese Informationen verwenden, um dir Angebote, Werbeaktionen oder andere Marketinginhalte zu präsentieren, von denen wir glauben, dass sie für dich relevant sind.
Hostingplattformen
Nutzungsdaten
Hostingplattformen hosten Podcasts, damit sie sie für dich bereitstellen können. Wenn du einen Podcast abspielst, geben wir bestimmte Daten, wie deine IP-Adresse, an die Hostingplattform weiter. Wir ermöglichen dir auch das Streamen von Podcasts, die auf Plattformen gehostet werden, die nicht zu Spotify gehören.
Die Personen oder Netzwerke, die den Podcast anbieten, sollten in der Beschreibung der Show oder der Folge erwähnen, wo der Podcast gehostet wird. Lies in der Datenschutzrichtlinie der entsprechenden Hostingplattform nach, wie diese an sie weitergegebene Daten verwendet.
Wissenschaftliche Forscher*innen
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Für Aktivitäten wie statistische Analyse und akademische Forschung, jedoch ausschließlich pseudonymisiert. Pseudonymisiert bedeutet, dass deine Daten durch einen Code und nicht durch deinen Namen oder andere direkt identifizierenden Informationen gekennzeichnet sind.
Andere Unternehmen der Spotify Gruppe, einschließlich Unternehmen, die Spotify erwirbt
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Für den täglichen Geschäftsbetrieb und für die laufende Bereitstellung und Verbesserung des Spotify Dienstes sowie der Dienste erworbener Unternehmen
Zum Beispiel:
Ermöglichung der Entwicklung und Verbesserung von Features für den Spotify Dienst durch unsere Mitarbeiter*innen, die für verschiedene Unternehmen der Spotify Gruppe tätig sind
Weitergabe von Daten an unsere Messunternehmen, um die Wirksamkeit von im Spotify Dienst ausgelieferten Ad-Kampagnen zu messen
Weitergabe von Daten an unsere Podcast-Unternehmen zum besseren Verständnis der Hörtrends der Nutzer*innen
Strafverfolgungs­behörden und andere Behörden oder andere Parteien in Rechtsstreitigkeiten
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Nutzungsdaten
Wenn wir nach Treu und Glauben überzeugt sind, dass wir diese Daten weitergeben müssen, z. B.
um einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung nachzukommen.
um auf ein gültiges rechtliches Verfahren zu reagieren (etwa einen Durchsuchungsbeschluss, einen Gerichtsbeschluss oder eine Vorladung).
für unser eigenes berechtigtes Interesse oder das eines Dritten, das sich auf Folgendes bezieht:
Staatssicherheit
Gesetzesvollstreckung
Rechtsstreit (Gerichtsverfahren)
Strafrechtliche Ermittlung
Schutz von Personen
Abwendung von Tod oder unmittelbarer körperlicher Schädigung
Käufer unseres Unternehmens
Daten von Nutzer*innen
Adressdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Sprachdaten
Zahlungs- und Kaufdaten
Daten zu Umfragen und Studien
Für den Fall, dass wir unser Unternehmen verkaufen oder mit möglichen Käufern darüber verhandeln
In diesem Fall können wir deine personenbezogenen Daten als Teil dieser Transaktion an einen Nachfolger oder ein verbundenes Unternehmen weitergeben.
6. Aufbewahrung von Daten
Wir bewahren deine personenbezogenen Daten nur so lange auf, wie es für die Bereitstellung des Spotify Dienstes und für legitime und wesentliche Geschäftszwecke von Spotify erforderlich ist, z. B.
die Aufrechterhaltung der Leistung des Spotify Dienstes.
das Treffen von datengestützten Geschäftsentscheidungen über neue Features und Angebote.
die Einhaltung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen.
die Beilegung von Streitigkeiten.
Hier sind einige der Kategorien unserer Aufbewahrungsfristen sowie die Kriterien, nach denen wir sie auswählen:
Daten, die aufbewahrt werden, bis du sie entfernst
Du hast das Recht, die Löschung bestimmter personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen. Weitere Informationen dazu findest du in
Abschnitt 2 „Deine personenbezogenen Daten – Rechte und Kontrolle"
. In diesem Abschnitt werden auch die Umstände aufgelistet, unter denen wir deinem Löschantrag nachkommen können.
Bestimmte personenbezogene Daten kannst du auch direkt über den Spotify Dienst löschen, beispielsweise dein Profilbild. Wenn Nutzer
innen die persönlichen Daten selbst aufrufen und bearbeiten können, speichern wir diese Informationen, solange der
die Nutzer*in es wünscht, es sei denn, es gilt einer der unten beschriebenen begrenzten Zwecke.
Daten, die nach einem bestimmten Zeitraum automatisch gelöscht werden
Wir haben bestimmte Aufbewahrungsfristen festgelegt, sodass einige Daten nach einer bestimmten Zeitspanne automatisch gelöscht werden. So werden beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten, die du im Rahmen von Suchanfragen eingibst, in der Regel nach 90 Tagen gelöscht.
Daten, die bis zur Löschung deines Spotify Kontos aufbewahrt werden
Einige Daten bewahren wir so lange auf, bis dein Spotify Konto gelöscht wird. Beispiele dafür sind dein Benutzername und deine Profilinformationen. In der Regel speichern wir auch den Streamingverlauf, um beispielsweise Playlists, die Nutzer*innen gefallen, und personalisierte Empfehlungen, die die Hörgewohnheiten berücksichtigen, zu erstellen (z. B. „Deine Zeitkapsel" oder „Dein Sommer-Flashback"). Wenn dein Spotify Konto gelöscht wird, werden Daten dieser Kategorie gelöscht oder anonymisiert.
Daten, die über einen längeren Zeitraum für begrenzte Zwecke gespeichert werden
Nach der Löschung deines Kontos bewahren wir einige Daten für einen längeren Zeitraum auf, allerdings für sehr begrenzte Zwecke. Zum Beispiel können wir gesetzlichen oder vertraglichen Verpflichtungen unterliegen, die dies erfordern. Beispiele sind obligatorische Gesetze zur Datenspeicherung, behördliche Verfügungen zur Verwahrung von relevanten Daten in Zusammenhang mit einer Ermittlung oder die Speicherung von Daten zum Zwecke von Gerichtsverfahren. Wir können auch Daten, die aus dem Spotify Dienst entfernt wurden, für einen begrenzten Zeitraum aufbewahren, ...
um die Sicherheit der Nutzer*innen zu gewährleisten oder
um vor schädlichen Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu schützen.
Dies hilft uns, mögliche Verstöße gegen unsere
Richtlinien für Nutzer*innen
und unsere
Plattformregeln
zu untersuchen. Wenn wir umgekehrt gesetzlich verpflichtet sind, rechtswidrige Inhalte zu entfernen, kommen wir dieser Verpflichtung nach.
7. Übermittlung in andere Länder
Aufgrund des globalen Charakters unserer Geschäftstätigkeit gibt Spotify bei der Durchführung der in dieser Richtlinie beschriebenen Aktivitäten personenbezogene Daten international an Unternehmen der Spotify Gruppe, Unterauftragnehmer und Partner weiter. Diese verarbeiten deine Daten unter Umständen in Ländern, deren Datenschutzgesetze als nicht so streng gelten wie die Gesetze der EU oder in deiner Heimat. So hast du dort möglicherweise nicht dieselben Rechte in Bezug auf deine Daten.
Bei der internationalen Übermittlung deiner personenbezogenen Daten verwenden wir Tools, um
sicherzustellen, dass die Datenübermittlung im Einklang mit dem geltenden Recht steht.
dazu beizutragen, dass deine Daten denselben Schutz genießen wie in der EU.
Wir nutzen die folgenden rechtlichen Mechanismen, um sicherzustellen, dass jede Datenübermittlung mit den geltenden EU-Rechtsvorschriften übereinstimmt:
Standardvertragsklauseln:
Diese Klauseln verlangen von der anderen Partei, deine Daten zu schützen und dir Rechte und Schutz auf EU-Niveau zu gewähren. Zum Beispiel verwenden wir Standardvertragsklauseln, um die in
Abschnitt 3 „Personenbezogene Daten, die wir zu dir erheben"
beschriebenen personenbezogenen Daten an unseren Hostinganbieter zu übertragen, der Server in den USA verwendet. Du kannst deine Rechte gemäß den Standardvertragsklauseln ausüben, indem du uns oder den Drittanbieter, der deine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet,
kontaktierst
.
Angemessenheitsentscheidungen:
Das bedeutet, dass wir personenbezogene Daten in Länder außerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums übermitteln, die über angemessene Gesetze zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten verfügen, wie von der Europäischen Kommission festgelegt. So übermitteln wir beispielsweise die in
Abschnitt 3 „Personenbezogene Daten, die wir zu dir erheben"
beschriebenen personenbezogenen Daten an Anbieter mit Sitz in Japan, Kanada, der Republik Korea, der Schweiz und im Vereinigten Königreich.
Außerdem ermitteln wir für jede Datenübermittlung zusätzliche Schutzmaßnahmen und wenden sie an. Beispiele für solche Maßnahmen:
Technische Schutzmaßnahmen, wie Verschlüsselung und Pseudonymisierung
Richtlinien und Verfahren zur Anfechtung unverhältnismäßiger oder unrechtmäßiger behördlicher Anfragen
8. Schutz deiner personenbezogenen Daten
Wir verpflichten uns, die personenbezogenen Daten unserer Nutzer*innen zu schützen. Wir setzen geeignete technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen ein, um die Sicherheit deiner personenbezogenen Daten bestmöglich zu gewährleisten. Du solltest dir allerdings bewusst sein, dass kein System jemals vollkommen sicher ist.
Wir haben verschiedene Sicherheitsvorkehrungen getroffen, um unbefugten Zugriff und unnötige Speicherung personenbezogener Daten in unseren Systemen zu verhindern. Dazu gehören Richtlinien für Pseudonymisierung, Verschlüsselung, Zugang und Aufbewahrung.
Für den Schutz deines Kontos empfehlen wir dir Folgendes:
Erstelle ein sicheres Passwort, das du
nur
für dein Spotify Konto verwendest.
Gib dein Passwort nie an andere weiter.
Beschränke den Zugriff auf deinen Computer und Browser.
Melde dich ab, nachdem du den Spotify Dienst auf einem gemeinsam genutzten Gerät verwendet hast.
Informiere dich,
wie du dein Konto noch schützen kannst
.
Mit der Funktion „Überall abmelden" auf deiner
Kontoseite
kannst du dich bei mehreren Geräten gleichzeitig von Spotify abmelden.
Wenn andere Personen Zugriff auf dein Spotify Konto haben, können sie auf persönliche Daten, Einstellungen und den mit deinem Konto verfügbaren Spotify Dienst zugreifen. Dies ist beispielsweise der Fall, wenn du jemandem die Erlaubnis erteilt hast, dein Konto auf einem gemeinsam genutzten Gerät zu nutzen.
Erlaube Personen nur dann die Nutzung deines Kontos, wenn du mit der Weitergabe dieser personenbezogenen Daten an sie einverstanden bist. Diese Entscheidung liegt in deiner Verantwortung. Die Nutzung deines Spotify Kontos durch andere Personen kann sich auf deine personalisierten Empfehlungen auswirken und im Download deiner Daten enthalten sein.
9. Kinder
Hinweis: Diese Richtlinie gilt nicht für Spotify Kids, es sei denn, die
Datenschutzrichtlinie von Spotify Kids
weist ausdrücklich darauf hin. Spotify Kids ist eine separate App von Spotify.
Für den Spotify Dienst gilt in jedem Land bzw. jeder Region ein Mindestalter. Der Spotify Dienst ist nicht für Kinder gedacht, die
jünger als 13 Jahre alt sind,
deren Alter die Verarbeitung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten rechtswidrig macht oder
die Zustimmung der Eltern zur Verarbeitung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten erfordert.
Wir erheben und verwenden wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern, die das geltende Mindestalter nicht erreicht haben. Nutze den Spotify Dienst nicht, wenn du das Mindestalter noch nicht erreicht hast, und stelle uns keine personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung. Erstelle stattdessen ein
Spotify Kids
Konto.
Wenn du ein Elternteil eines Kindes unter dem Mindestalter bist und feststellst, dass dein Kind Spotify personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung gestellt hat,
setz dich mit uns in Verbindung
.
Sollten wir erfahren, dass wir die personenbezogenen Daten eines Kindes unter dem geltenden Mindestalter erfasst haben, unternehmen wir angemessene Schritte, um diese personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen. Dies kann erfordern, dass wir das Spotify Konto des Kindes löschen.
Wenn du den Hauptdienst von Spotify auf einem gemeinsam genutzten Gerät verwendest, solltest du vorsichtig sein, wenn du Personen unter 18 Jahren für sie ungeeignete Inhalte vorspielst oder empfiehlst.
10. Änderungen an dieser Richtlinie
Wir können gelegentlich Änderungen an dieser Richtlinie vornehmen.
Wenn wir wesentliche Änderungen an dieser Richtlinie vornehmen, werden wir dich den jeweiligen Umständen entsprechend deutlich darauf hinweisen. Wir können zum Beispiel eine Meldung innerhalb des Spotify Dienstes anzeigen oder dir eine E-Mail oder eine Benachrichtigung an dein Gerät senden.
11. Kontaktaufnahme mit Spotify
Wenn du Fragen oder Bedenken zu dieser Richtlinie hast, kannst du dich auf einem der folgenden Wege an unsere Abteilung für Datenschutz wenden:
E-Mail:
privacy@spotify.com
Postweg: Spotify AB, Regeringsgatan 19, 111 53 Stockholm, Schweden
Spotify AB ist zuständig für die im Rahmen dieser Richtlinie verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten.
© Spotify AB