With your agreement, we and
our 17 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Store and/or access information on a device
, Vivendi Group entities data optimization
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
Disney Speedstorm
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 1, 2023, and was last modified on
May 23, 2024
.
Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. We respect your privacy rights and are committed to protecting the personal information that is collected about you. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes what information Gameloft collects and how we use, disclose, and store it (collectively referred to as "process" or "processing").  It also describes your rights and choices about such collection, use, sharing, and storage. If you do not want Gameloft to process your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to take advantage of all Game features.
Gameloft SE, including its subsidiary companies (“
Gameloft
”), processes your information as a data controller in connection with, and in order to provide and develop, Gameloft’s
Disney Speedstorm
game (“the
Game
”) and Gameloft’s game-related web services.This includes the website available at
disneyspeedstorm.com
and associated domains (“the
Website
”) (together referred to as the “Services”).
All of our Services are governed by this Privacy Policy. This includes:
– the Website
(including a dedicated web page to purchase, install, and access the Game on PC); and
– the Game,
whether used on and/or accessed via PC and/or Console and/or a mobile platform, and/or the Website.
By using the Services, you hereby acknowledge that you have reviewed this Privacy Policy.
Gameloft is a valid licensee, and participating member, of the
Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program
("ESRB Privacy Certified"). To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. All the Services displaying an ESRB Privacy Certified seal have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, we are subject to audits of the Services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or Gameloft's privacy practices, please refer to the “
How to contact us
” section below.
1 – Information we collect
Gameloft collects information from you, including personal information, in multiple ways.  Personal information includes information such as your:
Contact information (such as your email address)
Your username and password
Profile information (such as your player name, player ID, stats, avatar, and motto)
Information that you provide when seeking help from customer service (such as your email address, your general location [country], and/or player ID)
Other information you provide us (such as information used to identify a lost account)
Gameloft collects information from you, including personal information, in multiple ways, including information you provide to us directly, information we collect automatically when you use our Services, and information we obtain from our partners. We describe each type of information collection below.
a – Information you provide to us directly when you:
(a) access the Services and/or create an account
(b) play our Game and/or use the Services, including the Website
(c) make a purchase within our Services (including purchasing the Game on the Website and making in-Game purchases)
(d) sign up for a newsletter on the Website
(e) sign up to promotional offers on the Website
(f) contact Gameloft customer service through the Game and/or the Website (for instance, to take part in technical-support sessions or to exercise your privacy rights as described below)
(g) enter a contest, event or sweepstakes, or participate in a challenge held by Gameloft (either on the Website or in the Game)
(h) signal interest in participating in a playtest
(i) share or contribute to our social media channels and other community websites
b – Information we automatically collect directly from you when you use our Services
Information about your Game progress and activity
Information about your interactions with other players (for instance, when you view another player’s progress on a leaderboard or when you befriend another player)—please note that these features are disabled for users under the age of 13 in the United States or under 16 in the EU/EEA (except where applicable law establishes a different age for a child)
Information about your browsing activities, which we collect using cookies and similar tracking technologies when you use the Website (please note that cookies are only set in the web environment; we do not use them in the Game—you can refer to our
Cookies Policy
to learn more about opting out of such technologies)
IP address and device identifiers (such as your device ID)
Information about your device (such as device name and operating system, browser information, including browser type and the language you prefer)
General location information (country and/or state—not your precise address)
Gameloft player ID
Information for technical performance monitoring, debugging/troubleshooting and Game-level analytics (statistical reporting) purposes (including IP addresses, user and/or device identifiers)
c – Information we obtain from our partners
Information we may receive from your console and/or the platform you access the Game from. This may include console identifiers for providing eligible players with cross-platform features, or information about your country selection to provide relevant language settings.
Information from billing partners (when you purchase the Game on the Website and when you make in-Game purchases)
2 – How we use your information
2.1 – Under normal circumstances, we will only use your personal information when:
we have a legal obligation to use your information (for instance, if there is a valid legal request from law enforcement for us to provide access to, or disclose, information in relation to an investigation)
we have your consent to do so
we need to use the personal information to fulfill a contract with you and provide you with the Services, such as customer support services, bug and service-error detection, and fraud prevention
we need to use the information for our legitimate business purposes (including when we analyze your gaming activities to protect and improve our products and services) except when such use is overridden by your data subject rights, or when we have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you
We primarily use the information to provide you with a better browsing and gaming experience, but we also use your information, both individually and combined, as follows:
2.2 – To operate our business and to enhance your experience, including to:
provide you with the Services
where relevant, adapt the Services to comply with the applicable laws of your country of residence, including laws relating to children and minors (as defined in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy)
provide gaming experiences that you may like and functionalities you have subscribed to, based on your Game progress
track your use of the Services (in accordance with applicable laws, including those relating to children and minors as defined in Section 7) to help us learn more about your browsing and gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies, so that we can personalize your experience, provide you with in-Game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience
facilitate sharing on social networks, where this option is available
register your participation in a contest and contact you in the event of a prize
organize and ensure the proper management of events (e.g. registering your participation in an event, granting access to an event, prize delivery)
offer you the opportunity to take part in playtesting (game tests)
protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons
identify and fix bugs and service errors
use it for administration, analytics, research, and optimization
compile statistics
comply with all regulatory and legal requirements, and answer any requests from data protection or privacy authorities or any law enforcement or regulatory agency
respect security requirements (e.g. performing audits)
2.3 – To provide you with support, communicate with you and respond to any requests or questions you have submitted through our customer support.
2.4 – To personalize our communication with you, including to:
handle your subscription to, and opting-out of, our newsletters
contact you to promote our Services and contests we may offer
send you, with your prior consent, promotions or marketing materials (we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future)
offer in-Game surveys
personalize your content and offers
2.5 – Upon subscription to newsletters from the Website, only users over the age of 13 in the United States and over the age of 16 in the EU/EEA (except where applicable law establishes a different age threshold) may opt in to the sharing of their email address with selected partners for the sole purpose of improving the targeting of Gameloft's advertising campaigns on external sites, including by identifying similar audiences/prospects.
Please refer to the section “Selected Partners – Ads Campaigns on External Sites” of
this page
to view our selected partners.
For some of the purposes described above, Gameloft may use and perform analytics. Analytics information supports business analysis and operations, allows product development, improves products and Services, personalizes content, and makes recommendations.
3 – How we retain your information
Gameloft retains, uses and stores your information as long as you are using our Services, and for up to two (2) additional years, which may be necessary to fulfill all the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, in compliance with the applicable laws of your country of residence.
We want to inform you that a longer retention period could be required to resolve disputes, or respond to requests from law enforcement or regulatory agencies. In such cases, the collected information will be used and stored until the request is closed.
We may also store aggregated, anonymized data.
4 – How we share your information
4.1 – With Gameloft entities
In order to operate the Services, your personal information may be transferred to other Gameloft studios or entities and subsidiaries located worldwide, as described below. (See Section 5 on "International operations and transfers of your information.")
4.2 – With third parties
We use third-party service providers that have limited access to your information for specific purposes, such as administration, analytics, optimization, billing, prize delivery, marketing assistance, customer service, and data analysis. In the mobile version of the Game, these third-party service providers include:
Apple AdServices (on iOS only) – used in relation to marketing / user acquisition campaigns
Backtrace – used for crash report purposes
Helpshift – used to support customer service operations
Singular – used in relation to marketing / user acquisition campaigns
SurveyMonkey – used to carry out in-Game surveys
Snowflake, Looker and JupyterLab – used for analytics purposes (Game usage)
Google Firebase – used for user acquisition purposes
They assist us with our operations. We have agreements with these service providers that permit them to use your information for these purposes only and limit other uses.
While using our Services, whenever you decide to—and where this option is available—you may use social sharing features to third-party social network sites. This may allow the sharing and collection of personal and non-personal information, both to and from such third-party social networks. You should visit the policies of such third parties for more information about their information collection practices.
4.3 – With authorities
We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies certain conduct and activities that we, in good faith, believe to be illegal. We will investigate or take action to counter illegal activity, suspected abuse or unauthorized use of the Services, or to protect the property or safety of others. We may also disclose your information if required by any law or court order worldwide, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct. In that case, we will consider applicable local laws, the nature of the order, as well as the legitimacy and proportionality of your information.
4.4 – In case of sale of our company
In connection with any sale of our company or any line of business (including the assets relating thereto), customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the event of any such sale or disposition of any or all of our business, your information may be transferred to the acquirer.
5 – International operations and transfers of your information
As part of our international operations, we may transfer personal information to our affiliates (which means subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures, and other corporate entities under common ownership of Gameloft SE) from time to time for our legitimate business purposes.
Gameloft is headquartered in France, and we have operations, entities and Services provided in Canada, the United States and throughout the world. We have taken measures to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and lawfully, and that it will receive an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
6 – Security and confidentiality of your personal information
We have implemented security measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the personal information collected through the Services.
We take, and force applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and do not assume any responsibility for the unauthorized use of, or access to, your information that is under our control. When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information or credit card information, we take reasonable steps to ensure that they comply with this Privacy Policy and otherwise protect your personal information (including any credit card information).
If there is a breach of security involving your personal information, including credit card information, from our Services, we will inform you immediately according to your local regulations relating to the notification of information breaches, and take commercially reasonable steps to rectify such breach.
If you believe your personal information is being improperly used by us or any third party, please immediately notify us via email at
DataProtectionSupport@gameloft.com
.
7 – Children
The privacy and safety of children online is paramount to Gameloft. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we define a "child" or an "underage user" as a user under the age of 13 in the United States, and under the age of 16 in the EU/EEA (except where applicable law establishes a different age for a child).
We adhere to the following practices tailored to the method by which children may access the Game and Services:
PC or Console Platforms
: The Game will be accessible to children on PC and/or Console platforms in compliance with applicable law and platform policies.
When accessing the Game on PC and/or Console platforms, parents and/or guardians of children can set age or age categories and establish privacy settings when creating and managing their children’s accounts. Please review the terms and privacy disclosures specific to the platform service provider (e.g., Nintendo Switch™, Microsoft Xbox, etc.) for more details.
Mobile Platforms
: Children may access the game on mobile platforms in compliance with applicable law and the policies of the mobile storefronts. Gameloft implements specific restrictions for children using the Game on mobile applications as follows:
Limits on children's data collection, use and sharing
: Gameloft will not collect, use, or share personal information, as defined by applicable law, from children without obtaining parental consent unless an exception to parental consent applies or applicable law authorizes an alternative method of compliance.
Privacy-protective settings and restrictions
: Gameloft will disable social features to prevent children from disclosing personal information to Gameloft and/or to other players, including but not limited to their real name, and to protect them from unsolicited and/or harmful content or interactions.
Website
: To access the Game via the Website, children must have a Gameloft account. Parents and guardians must establish such accounts for children in accordance with applicable law. Newsletter subscriptions and promotional offer options will not be available to children and minors.
Other protections
:
In addition to these measures, we encourage parents and guardians to teach their children about privacy and how their information may be used online. Children should never disclose their real name, address or phone number, or any other personal information, without their parents' or guardian's prior permission.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child and believe your child has provided us with personal information, please fill out
this form
and we will delete the information from our systems.
Privacy Rights for Children
:
To exercise privacy rights on behalf of children, including access, rectification, erasure of information, or opt-out provisions relating to targeted advertising, please refer to the "Your rights" section of this Privacy Policy.
8 – Your rights
Access, Correction, and Deletion Rights
: You can ask Gameloft at any time to give you access to your information, to correct your information, or to delete some or all of it. Parents and guardians may also make requests on behalf of their children. Please specify your request through this
form
.
Our team will look into your request and answer you within one (1) month, unless your request requires further investigation. We will inform you if that is the case.
We ask that you ensure the information that you provide to us is up to date.  You can correct any information you have provided by contacting us through
this form
. You represent and warrant that all information you provide us is accurate, and relates to you and not to any other person (unless you are a parent or guardian contacting us on behalf of your child or an authorized person as per Section 9 – Additional information for Californian users).
The data deletion process being irreversible, if we delete some or all of your information pursuant to your request, we will no longer use or process the deleted information. Please note that some exclusions may apply, and that some data may be retained in accordance with applicable law or to respond to regulatory or law enforcement requests.
Marketing communications
: If you have previously consented to any direct marketing communication from us or subscribed to our newsletters, you can unsubscribe by clicking on a link available in each communication and newsletter we send you.
Cookies:
If you want to decline, to allow, or to set your preferences regarding the use of cookies or other tracking technologies on the Website, please refer to our
Cookies Policy
. Please note that this Cookies Policy applies to the Website only (not applicable to the Game).
9 – Additional information for Californian users
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has collected, shared with, and/or sold to third parties for a business or commercial purpose during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident, you have the right to know what personal information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, how long we retain it, why we collect and disclose it, and what personal information we disclose, "sell," and "share" about you and to whom.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information, collected directly from you or automatically from you within the course of use of our Services, to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Recipients
Device and user identifiers, such as mobile advertising identifiers
Backtrace (crash reporting)
Singular (marketing / user acquisition operations)
Helpshift (customer service)
Snowflake, Looker, JupyterLab (analytics operations)
General (country/state level) location, which may be derived from IP addresses
Singular (marketing / user acquisition operations)
Google Firebase (user acquisition operations)
Game usage data (such as tutorial completed, events reached, item unlocked, etc.)
Snowflake, Looker, JupyterLab (analytics operations)
Interactions with the Website and cookies related to your use of the Website
Please refer to our
Cookies Policy
We collect and disclose this personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in our main Privacy Policy, including to provide you with customer service, to perform marketing / user acquisition operations (enabling Gameloft to measure the efficiency of its advertising operations pertaining to the Game on external sites and apps), and to perform analytics operations (to understand the performance and usage of our Services). Such uses and disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA. In the previous 12 months, we may have “sold” or “shared” your personal information to the recipients listed in the table above.
We do not sell or share the information of any individual we know to be under 16 years of age. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information.
You have the right to request that we provide access to the personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell (or share), and to request the correction or deletion of your personal information. To exercise your rights, please access
this form
or refer to the “How to contact us” section of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to opt out of any “sales” or “shares” of your personal information, as defined by California law, by using
this form
or referring to the “How to contact us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Authorized persons may exercise the above-mentioned rights on your behalf, using the dedicated section of
this form
.
If you submit a request on behalf of another person, you need to be 18 years old or over, and we may require a proof of authorization and verification of identity directly from this person.
In some instances, we may not be able to honor your request. For example, we will not honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another person. Additionally, we will not honor your request when an exception applies, such as when the disclosure of personal information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another consumer or when the personal information that we maintain about you is subject to an exception under the CCPA.
You have the right to be free from discrimination if you choose to exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
10 – Third-party services
The Services may link to external sites that are beyond our control. This Privacy Policy only covers the way we and our service providers treat personal information and non-personal information we collect on the Services. By accessing any external sites, including third-party platforms or social networks, you agree to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such third parties.
Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third-party services. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions or policies of any external services.
11 – Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be re-posted in the "Privacy" section of our Services with the date the modifications were made indicated at the top of the page. We will also provide you with additional notice of such changes by sending an alert within the Game. However, you should still review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it. Your continued use of the Services after such change(s) constitutes an acknowledgement that you have read and reviewed it/them. If you would like further information about any recent changes made, please send your request to
DataProtectionSupport@gameloft.com
and include "Information about Changes" in the subject line.
12 – Legal disclaimer
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of your country of residence. Any dispute arising from the use of the Services shall be submitted to the competent courts of your country of residence.
13 – How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us:
1. by sending an email to
DataProtectionSupport@gameloft.com
2. by writing to the Gameloft Data Protection Officer, 14 rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France
As previously mentioned, we are a licensee of the ESRB Privacy Certified program. If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you can also contact ESRB Privacy Certified directly at:
https://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact/
or
privacy@esrb.org
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.esrb.org/privacy/:
ESRB Privacy Certified is annual membership consulting
A comprehensive privacy certification and compliance program tailored for video game and toy-related online products and services.
Six Reasons to Join Our Program
Identify risks with comprehensive assessments
Adopt a proactive, cost-efficient approach to privacy and data security compliance with our detailed assessments. We identify risks under federal and state privacy laws and offer guidance on global regulations, platform rules, and self-regulatory standards.
Safeguard kids’ and teen’s privacy
Uphold high standards for youth data and avoid costly investigations, enforcement, and penalties with our respected FTC-COPPA Safe Harbor Program. Our Kids Seal demonstrates COPPA compliance while our Privacy Certified Seal signals adherence with enhanced teen protections.
Maintain compliance with ongoing monitoring
After the initial assessment and certification, we provide members with at least two compliance reports in each subsequent year and conduct spot audits for each certified product, so they can address flagged issues on an ongoing basis.
Tailor solutions with industry-specific input
Leveraging decades of interactive entertainment experience, we conduct testing and analysis to help members avoid privacy pitfalls as they build or enhance their products, while meeting business needs. We work hand in hand with members to provide multiple pathways to address compliance issues.
Tap into our network of expert partnerships
Our members can take advantage of our partnerships with a wide range of privacy tool providers and age assurance and identity verification services. We also collaborate closely with top-tier law firms through our law firm partnership program.
Take advantage of privacy resources
We provide regular updates, webinars, and customized training on legal, regulatory, and technological developments including AI and other emerging technologies. We help members incorporate privacy by design and default into their product development lifecycle and offer checklists and guides to support product teams.
Learn more about our program
Interested in becoming a member?
Contact Us
Featured Blog Post
A Kids’ Privacy Adventure: Exploring the FTC’s Privacy and Lootbox case against Genshin Impact
“Step into a magical world of adventure” proclaims a recent marketing campaign for the massively popular Genshin Impact video game, which offers players seemingly endless chances to interact with characters, complete missions, and battle fantastical creatures. One adventure that likely wasn’t part of any Genshin Impact story quest  – an enforcement action by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Read the Full Story
Sub-policy 1
https://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact/:
Get in Touch
ESRB Privacy Certified welcomes your feedback. Whether you’re interested in becoming a member or as a consumer have questions about the data practices of a product certified by our program, we want to hear from you.
If you are looking for answers to questions about ESRB-assigned age and content ratings, please reach out to
ESRB
. For non-privacy related questions about a specific game and/or device we encourage you to contact its publisher and/or manufacturer.
Name
*
Email Address
*
Subject
*
Please select a subject...
Become a member of Privacy Certified
Request information about the Privacy Certified program
Submit a privacy-related complaint regarding a member’s website or app
Other
Member URL/App Name
*
Message
*
Privacy
*
* I have read and agree to the
Privacy Policy
.
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.