Privacy Policy
Awon Haider Naqvi respect the privacy of its users as the topmost level of importance.
Gaming Privacy Policy :
Your privacy is important to us. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy applies to our products which include different games.
Personal Information:
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products. We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances,
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
ONLINE USE:
Awon Haider Naqvi Productions does not collect any information from its Users. Some information may nonetheless be collected through third party services which are used in Awon Haider Naqvi Games Productions Games such as advertising networks and stored on such Third Parties' servers.
Contact us:
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several way of contacting us:
awonhaidernaqvi@gmail.com
Thank You.
Newer Post
Home
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it