Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
By installing and using Our app, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing.
What information do we collect in our Apps?
Our Apps don't collect any personal data as a default setting. The majority of our applications do not even require an internet connection. The only instances where our apps connect to the internet are for retrieving currency rates or syncing data with iCloud. Any data synchronized with iCloud is securely stored on Apple's servers and is not accessible by me or anyone else to the best of my knowledge.
Personal Information We Collect
We do not collect any personal information from our users. Our app does not require registration, and we do not ask for any personal information such as name, age, or email address.
Non-Personal Information We Collect
We may collect non-personal information such as the type of device used, the device's operating system, and the user's interactions within the app. This information is collected for the purpose of improving the app's functionality and performance.
How We Use Your Information
We do not use any personal information because we don't collect any. We may use non-personal information to improve the app's functionality and performance.
Disclosure of Information
We do not disclose any personal information because we don't collect any. We may disclose non-personal information to third-party service providers to help us improve the app's functionality and performance.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy:
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page, and we encourage our users to review this Privacy Policy periodically.Please contact me if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy. We’ll be happy to help.
Email
:
When you send a message to our email your email address is visible on our email list, We only use it to respond to enquiries and to help solve problems, We never share any information we receive with anyone and never use it to send any marketing emails.
Contact Us:
If you have a concern, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at abdurrehman18087@gmail.com , we will endeavour to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it