Last Updated: May 13, 2023
Fish Puzzle Studio respects the privacy of
our users ("Users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy applies
to Fish Puzzle Studio's games, applications ("Solitaire"), websites,
and related services (together with separate categories of "Services"
or "games," "applications," "websites"), and
explains How we and our affiliated companies ("Fish Puzzle Studio" or
"we", "our", "our") collect, use, disclose and
protect your information when you use our services.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy
Policy at any time and for any reason. We will attempt to alert you of any
changes by updating the "last updated" date of this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for updates. Your
continued use of the App after the date of posting of the revised Privacy
Policy will be deemed to have been aware of, will be subject to, and be deemed
to have accepted any changes to the revised Privacy Policy.
1. Collection of your
information
We may collect information about you in a
variety of ways. The information we may collect through the App depends on the
content and materials you use, including:
Personal
Information or Account Information
When you use our applications or services,
you can log in/register for an account to track and synchronize your game
progress and other activities across devices. To register or log in, you may be
required to provide us with certain personal information, including your name,
email address and password. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your
account information is correct and up to date.
Device
Information
When you use our applications or services,
we may collect your device information, such as the type of device you use,
operating system, application version, your device ID, advertising ID, language,
time zone and IP address, etc.
Use Data
When you use our Apps or Services, we may
automatically collect information about how you interact with the Services and
your activities, such as crash data, location data, in-app purchases, and other
data.
Geolocation
and Other Information
We may request access or permission to
track location-based information of your mobile device on an ongoing basis or
while you are using the application to provide location-based services. If you
want to change our access rights or permissions, you can do so in your device's
settings. While playing our poker games, we may request access to your camera
if you want to use certain features of our service.
Information
We Obtain
From
Third Parties
We may receive information about you from
our third-party service providers who collect this information through our
Services in accordance with their own privacy policies. A list of third parties
operating on our Services can be found in Appendix B below.
Data
From
Social Networks
If you choose to use your Facebook or
Google account to create an account with us, when you log in with your Facebook
or Google account, you authorize Facebook or Google to provide us with your
personal information, such as your name, profile picture, email Address,
language preference, and other information listed in the authorization. This
information may also include contact information for anyone you invite to use
and/or join the Application.
Information
You Provide to Us
We collect any personal information that
you provide to us while using our applications or services. For example, you
may provide other account information such as your language preference. You may
also provide information, such as your contact information, when participating
in surveys, contests, tournaments or events. You are solely responsible for
ensuring that the information you provide to us is correct and up to date.
Cookies
and Similar Technologies (Tracking Technologies)
To provide better personalized advertising,
we and our third-party ad networks and their partners may use cookies and other
similar technologies, such as mobile "SDKs." Some functions performed
by tracking technologies are strictly necessary for us to be able to provide
you with our services, while others provide us with valuable insights into how
we can improve or market our services. If you would like to opt out of such
services, please see the "
Opt
Out of Targeted
Advertising" section below.
2. How we use your personal data
Having accurate information about you
enables us to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience.
Specifically, we may use information collected about you through the App to:
Provide
Our Services
We use your personal information to provide
you with the Application and any other service, purchase or request related to
the service you requested. This may include processing transactions, providing
you with requested features, syncing your data between devices logged into your
account, customer service, etc.
To Maintain
and Protect Our Services
For authentication, customer service,
security protection, fighting spam, malware and malicious activity, fraud
monitoring, archiving and backup while we provide services, to ensure the
security of the products and services we provide to you.
Promote
Our Services
We may contact you through marketing
surveys, help center support, and to understand how you use our services so
that we can continuously improve our products.
Send
You Push Notifications
We may send push notifications about
changes to our Services. You can try out any new features this way. This is to
keep you updated on our services and new features. You can turn off
notifications in your phone settings.
Provide
Personalized Advertising
We intend to use third-party ad networks to
provide personalized advertisements on our Services. However, if you are
located in the European Economic Area, Norway or Switzerland, some of our
third-party ad networks will rely on your consent to process personal data in
order to provide you with personalized advertisements, so you will be asked to
consent to the collection of your mobile device advertisements identifiers and
IP addresses so that they can personalize the advertising experience.
To opt-out or withdraw your consent to
receive personalized advertising, please see the "Opt-Out of Targeted
Advertising" section below.
To respond to legal proceedings and other
obligations or requests in accordance with applicable law.
3. How we store your personal information
We will only retain your personal
information for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy
Policy or to comply with applicable laws. We will retain and use your personal
information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for
example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable law),
resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. We also retain
device information and activity information for internal analysis purposes to
improve the quality of our applications and services.
Your personal information collected through
our applications and services will be deleted when they no longer serve one of
the above purposes, but in any case, your personal information will be deleted
after fourteen months of inactivity on our services delete. Once we have
deleted your personal information, you will not be able to exercise your rights
of access, deletion, rectification and/or data portability.
4. Your Rights and Choices
You have the right to correct your data,
delete your data, object to and/or restrict how your data is used or shared by
us. You also have the right to withdraw your consent if you have previously
consented to the processing of your personal information, for example by
turning off camera access in your mobile device settings. This will not affect
any data processed prior to such withdrawal.
You have the right to opt-out of targeted
advertising.
In order to
provide you with better
customized advertisements within the App/Game, we use third-party advertising
networks and their partners, including those listed in Appendix A. To do this,
they use personal and non-personal information, such as advertising
identifiers, such as the Android Advertising ID and/or Apple's Advertising ID
(IDFA), and/or other tracking technologies to enable and optimize this
advertising program.
You can opt out of a personalized
advertising experience in the following ways.
For iOS devices:
open settings
choose privacy
Select Ads and enable "Limit Ad
Tracking" (iOS 13 and earlier); or select Tracking and turn off
"Allow apps to request tracking" (iOS 14)
For Android devices:
open settings
choose
google
Select Ads and enable "
Opt
Out of Ads Personalization"
By opting out, ad networks will treat this
choice as a withdrawal of consent to a personalized advertising experience, and
they will display contextual, rather than personalized, advertising based on
your interests. NOTE: Regardless of your selections and/or your device
settings, you will continue to see non-customized advertisements and you may
continue to receive from third-party ad networks that we have obtained your
consent for on other applications and/or websites Personalized Ads.
5. How we share your personal information
We may share the above categories of
personal information for certain business purposes, including:
Storage
Users' personal information is stored in
our data servers by third-party service providers located in the United States.
With
Our Service Providers and Partners
Our service providers and partners help us
improve
our services. These service providers and partners
help us with many tasks, including but not limited to hosting and maintenance,
development, analytics, customer support and marketing.
We may also share or otherwise
"sell" the above categories of personal information for the following
purposes. Please note that the "sale" of personal information does
not have the literal meaning of the word "sell" and is defined in the
California Consumer Code: Privacy law is broadly defined (discussed in more
detail below) to include sharing any information with third parties in exchange
for "valuable consideration":
Advertise
We may share or otherwise "sell"
information with advertising partners who distribute advertisements on our
Services.
In addition to the above, we may share your
personal information in the following circumstances or for the following
purposes:
Branches
We are a multinational organization with
cross-border legal entities and management structures. We may share your
personal information within our corporate organization to facilitate the
Services; however, we will require that your personal information is still
processed as described here.
When
Required by Law
We may also share information if we are
also obligated to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal
obligation, or to protect our business, the rights, property or safety of our customers
or others.
Mergers,
Acquisitions or Other Business Transactions
We may disclose and transfer your personal
information to subsequent owners, co-owners or operators of our applications or
services, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, merger, reorganization
or sale of substantially
all of
our interests and/or
assets (i.e. bankruptcy proceedings). We will require subsequent owners,
co-owners or operators of your personal information to continue to abide by
this Privacy Policy; otherwise, we will require them to obtain your necessary
consent.
With
Your Consent or At Your Request
After obtaining your consent, we may
transfer your personal information for other reasons.
Legal
Obligations and Security
We may disclose your personal information if
it is reasonably necessary to:
To comply with valid legal process (such as
subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, etc.); to comply with valid requests
or investigations by public authorities; to comply with applicable laws or
regulations; to enforce our policies, agreements and terms, whether in
litigation, other disputes or In other respects; to protect our legitimate
rights and interests, including legitimate interests; to protect the security
or integrity of the Services; to protect the rights, property or safety of you,
other users, employees, partners and affiliates or other natural persons.
6. Children
Our Services are not intended for use by
children under the age of sixteen (16). We do not knowingly collect personal
information directly from children under the age of sixteen (16) without
parental consent. If you are under the age of sixteen (16), please do not
provide us with information of any kind.
7. Links to other third-party websites
Our Privacy Policy may contain links to
other third-party websites that are not operated by us. If you click on such a
link, you will be directed to that third-party website. Please try to review
the Privacy Policy before visiting. We have no control over any content on such
sites.
8. Your California Privacy Rights
We do not sell personal information as
these terms are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act. In addition to
the consumer choice mechanisms described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy,
California consumers may use the Digital Advertising Alliance's tools to send
requests pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA")
requiring web browsers to opt-out of the sale of personal information within
the Framework Some or all of the participating companies can opt out by
accessing the DAA's tool here: https://www.privacyrights.info/, or by
downloading the DAA's
AppChoices
mobile app here:
https://www.privacyrights.info /apply option.
The
AppChoices
app is not limited to opting out for CCPA purposes, and anyone can use it to
limit the collection of cross-app data by participating DAA member companies
for interest-based advertising purposes.
If you live in California, you may request
from us a list of third parties with whom we have shared your personal
information for marketing purposes.
California law permits California residents
to request notice from us identifying the categories of personal information we
share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes and to
provide contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy
Policy at any time and for any reason. We will attempt to alert you of any
changes by updating the "last updated" date of this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for updates. Your
continued use of the App after the date of posting of the revised Privacy
Policy will be deemed to have been aware of, will be subject to, and be deemed
to have accepted any changes to the revised Privacy Policy.