Terms and Conditions
Last updated: Sep 3rd, 2023
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Commercial Purpose
means any website, project, or other activity that generates or would be expected to generate revenue, and/or is affiliated with an entity that generates or would be expected to generate revenue
Country
refers to: California,  United States
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Localhost LLC, 9450 SW Gemini Dr, PMB 64097, Beaverton OR 97008.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Service
refers to the Website.
Terms and Conditions
(also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.
Website
refers to Seats.aero, accessible from
https://seats.aero
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company is not affiliated with any airlines or mileage programs.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.
Reliability of Data
The Service uses data periodically retrieved and then interpreted from various airlines or mileage programs. The Service only displays cached data, which may be outdated at the time of You viewing it. The Service may inadvertently misinterpret or omit availability.
You must not rely on the Service as your sole source of information before making a decison to transfer or purchase points, make travel bookings, or perform any other action. The Service also cannot prevent or detect "phantom" availability, which is availability that may not exist even if both the Service and the respective airline or mileage program claim it is available.
You must not depend on the Service's alerting features as your sole source of information. The alerting features may experience interruptions, downtime, or temporarily become unable to obtain new availability from certain airlines or mileage programs. The alerting features use the same data as the Website displays and are subject to the same potential issues with phantom availability.
Usage of Data
In a non-automated fashion, You may access the Service for either non-commercial or a Commercial Purpose without cost (unless you choose to subscribe to a paid plan). You do not need permission to use the Service or Website in a non-automated fashion for a Commercial Purpose.
The Website also offers application programming interfaces (APIs), which are consumed in an automated fashion. You must not use the APIs or their associated data for a Commercial Purpose without the Company's written permission. For personal purposes that are not a Commercial Purpose, you may use the APIs without cost or explicit permission so long as your use is not a Commercial Purpose and you attribute the data as required below.
All users of the application programming interfaces (APIs) must reasonably and visibly attribute any reproduced data to Seats.aero.
Prohibited Uses
We do not permit resellers of frequent flyer points or miles (such as, but not limited to, "mileage brokers") to use the Service. We may prevent you from using the Service or terminate your account to the Service without any refund or prior notice if, in our sole discretion, we suspect that you are involved in being renumerated for the redemption or transfer of miles or points. We may also terminate your account if we suspect that you are violating or involved in violating the terms of an airline or mileage program, if we suspect you are abusing airlines or mileage program(s) in any other way we determine, or for any other reason permitted by these Terms.
Personally-Identifiable Information (PII)
We will only use or share your personally-identifiable information (PII) to provide you this Service and to operate our Company as deemed reasonably necessary by the Company. For example, we may share your email address with an email delivery service to send you an alert.
In the normal use of our Website, we and our vendors may collect usage and product analytics (via Google Analytics and also via other solutions), and retain server logs to help troubleshoot and run the Service. We may send you product updates and other relevant news about the Service over email.
Pro Subscription
If you choose to purchase it, Seats.aero offers a Pro subscription for $9.99 USD per month or $99.99 USD per year, processed and handled by Stripe. Pro subscription users are able to access certain features such as searching extended availability using the search tool, which is collected for up to 365 days in advance on supported routes. Alerts may also be created by Pro users to search extended availability. All Pro features are subject to change. The Company may grandfather existing users into older pricing structures at its discretion.
The Pro subscription may be cancelled at any time but is not refundable. Extended availability intrinsically updates much slower than the normal availability displayed for free on the site. Extended availability routes may change at any time. Pro features are delivered on a best-effort basis, and may experience interruptions as explained in Reliability of Data.
Pro subscriptions may be used for commercial use but may not be shared or used in an automated fashion. We may suspend or terminate accounts that violate this without any refund.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By email: support@seats.aero