Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Effective as of
August 11, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use or share personal information about the users of our apps and services. Personal Information that we may collect from our users is used to provide and improve the service. We do not sell or share any of your Personal Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information we may collect and use
For using our apps and services, we might need to collect and use some of your information, included but not limited to
Device Identifier
Advertisement Data
Performance Data
Product Interaction Data
Crash Data
Other Diagnostic Data
Some of our app or services might need access to your
Photo Library
,
Calendar
,
Contacts
,
Reminders
,
Camera
etc. Information or data requested is used only for providing certain services like finding duplicate photos, merging duplicate contacs, deleting expired reminders etc. We do not store or share any of these information with anyone.
Information collected by Third party services
Our apps and services use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the Privacy Policy of third-party service providers used by our apps and services are given below
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Security of your Information
We
value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it