NOTMAGIC.AI
WELCOME
TO THE FUTURE
GET OUR APPS
Submit
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 01, 2023
Here are some important definitions to help you understand our terms and this Privacy Policy:
NotMagic Limited, Inc. and our relevant affiliates are referred to as “NotMagic Limited,” “we”, “us”, and “our.”
Our mobile application MAGIC
⋆
AI Avatar Maker is referred to as “MAGIC” or “application”
Users are referred to as “users”, “you” or “your”, as applicable.
Your use of the applications (including downloading, installing, registering with, accessing, or otherwise using it) is referred to as “Use”.
To the extent information is: (i) associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and (ii) protected as personal data under applicable data protection laws, such information is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”.
A note on how the AI Avatar Maker feature works and how we use uploaded Face Data
MAGIC uses a Neural Network Model
Stable Diffusion
that allows users to generate personalized AI Avatars (“Avatars”).
Users upload 10 to 20 photos of their face and select their gender.
Using this face data, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is retrained to personalize the model
After the model copy is retrained, it generates the Avatars
After the Avatars are generated, the copy of the model, along with uploaded photos, are deleted permanently from our servers
We do not use your Personal Data to generally train and/or create our separate artificial intelligence/products.
We do our best to moderate the parameters of the Stable Diffusion model, however, it is still possible that you may encounter content that you may see as inappropriate for you.
We also encourage you to get acquainted with our
Terms of Use
to understand how we provide services to you.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains what we do with your Personal Data (as defined below) and allows you to manage your Personal Data effectively.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our privacy practices. The purpose of our Privacy Policy is to explain what data we collect, how it is used and shared, and how you can control it. If you do not want us to process your Personal Data as it is described in this Privacy Policy, please do not Use MAGIC.
By Using MAGIC, you understand and agree that we are providing you with tools for editing and adjusting photos and videos that you upload, and, if you so request, for generating or creating new content from them, for example with our AI Avatars feature.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or MAGIC, please contact us at
privacy@notmagic.ai
(for additional contact information, please, see Section 13 of this Privacy Policy “How to Contact Us”).
This Privacy Policy DOES NOT apply to the information that:
We collect offline or on any of our other apps or websites, including websites you may access to through MAGIC.
You provide to or that is collected by any third party (e.g., any third-party application or website, even if the link to it is accessible through MAGIC).
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We may collect several types of information, including but not limited to Personal Data, from and about you:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically when you Use MAGIC. Information collected automatically may include Usage details and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses.
From third parties, for example, our Service Providers (as defined below).
2. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US DIRECTLY
When you Use MAGIC, you usually provide to us certain information, including your Personal Data:
Photos and (or) videos that you upload to MAGIC, for example to use the AI Avatars feature. Please note that we always delete all metadata that may be associated with your photos and (or) videos by default (including, for example, geotags) before temporarily storing them to our systems.
We can access your photos and videos only after you grant us permission to access your camera or your devices’ photo library. You provide such a permission through the request that appears on your mobile device (it may differ depending on your device operating system). You may revoke permission to access your camera or photo library through the settings on your mobile device, and here’s how to do it.
If you use an iOS device:
On your iPhone or iPad open the Settings app.
Scroll down and tap “Privacy”.
Tap “Camera” or “Photos”.
Next to MAGIC, toggle the permissions switching on or off.
Information about your gender:
When you use our AI Avatars feature, we ask you about your gender. This information is used by the AI model solely to generate the Avatars in accordance with the indicated gender: for example, if you choose to identify your gender as a female, then you will receive conventionally more feminine-like Avatars.
Your email:
When you create an account with Lensa, we ask you to provide your email that will be further used for your sign-in process.
If you contact us,
records, copies of your correspondence with us and contact details that you have provided us while making your inquiries
(such as your name, postal addresses, email addresses and phone numbers or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline), in order to investigate your concerns, respond to your inquiries and to monitor and improve our responses to your and other ssers inquiries in relation to Lensa.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
When you Use MAGIC, we may automatically collect certain data about you. This data is needed for operation of MAGIC and, among others, may be used for in-app analytics or marketing purposes. The data we collect automatically includes:
Device information: Information about your mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, the device’s unique device identifier, operating system, and mobile network information.
Usage details: Details of your Use of MAGIC, including frequency of Use, areas and features of the application that you access and engagement with particular features. This information is used for in-app event analytics and, upon your consent, for marketing purposes.
(If you have provided your consent) IDFA or Android Advertising ID, whichever is applicable to your device. If you want to disable the collection of IDFA and/or Android Advertising ID by MAGIC, please follow the instructions below.
If you use an iOS device:
Go to Privacy settings to see a list of apps that request to track your activity. On iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking.
Tap to turn off or turn on permission to track for MAGIC.
Details about your in-app purchases. This data is used to provide you with the Services and for our in-app analytics.
Such automatically collected data helps us operate MAGIC and improve it to deliver better service, including but not limited to enabling us to estimate our audience size, and understand how you use MAGIC and what you like and dislike the most.
The technologies we use for automatic data collection may include:
We use third-party analytics tools, such as Google Firebase, Meta, AppsFlyer and Amplitude, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for MAGIC. These tools collect information via third-party analytics software development kits incorporated into MAGIC, which includes your pseudonymised user ID and the information about MAGIC web pages you visit when following the links available to you on MAGIC, your actions in MAGIC application and basic information about the type of subscription you have. We collect and use this analytics information in an aggregated manner with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular user.
4. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PHOTOS
We care about your privacy. With this in mind, most processing activities occur on your device only. There are, however, one exception to it: when you generate Avatars, since these functions require sophisticated computing resources to be performed.
AI Avatars. In order to generate AI Avatars, you have to upload 10-20 photos to MAGIC. At this point, your photos are stored on our servers (provided by Amazon Web Services (USA)). Then, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is created to be retrained with your photos to personalize the model and to create your Avatars. Immediately after the successful generation of Avatars, your original photos are deleted from our servers. Your purchased Avatars are stored on our servers so that they remain accessible to you in MAGIC at any time and from any device until you decide to delete them.
You can also always request us to delete your photos or Avatars by contacting us at
privacy@notmagic.ai
.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
We do not use photos, videos or Avatars to identify any individual user.
We do not use your photos, videos or Avatars for authentication, advertising, or marketing purposes, or to otherwise target a user in a similar manner.
We do not use your photos, videos or Avatars to build a user profile, or otherwise attempt, facilitate, or encourage third parties to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on your photos, videos or Avatars.
We do not transfer, share, sell, or otherwise provide your photos, videos or Avatars to advertising platforms, analytics providers, data brokers, information resellers or other such parties.
Effective date: January 01, 2023
5. THE PURPOSES AND OUR LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use your information other than photos and videos for the following purposes:
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us in relation to MAGIC (e.g., the Terms of Use).
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries. If you share your Personal Data (including your name and contact information) to ask a question about MAGIC, we will use that Personal Data to investigate your concerns, respond to your inquiries and to monitor and improve our responses to your and other users inquiries in relation to MAGIC. It is our legitimate interest to provide you with high-quality support.
To notify you about changes to MAGIC or any products or services we offer or provide through MAGIC, including by sending you technical notices, notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, which we may send through an in-app or a push notification (you may opt-out of push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device). It is our legitimate interest to keep you updated on your use of MAGIC.
To present to you and others with MAGIC and its contents and any other information, products or services that you request from us. We do so to provide you with the services according to our contractual obligation.
To monitor aggregated metrics such as total number of users, traffic, and demographic patterns (including via Service Providers as specified in Section 7). It is our legitimate interest to make aggregated analytics of our audience as it helps us understand our business metrics and improve our product.
To provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of MAGIC in an aggregated manner. It is our legitimate interest to make analytics of our audience as it helps us understand our product and business metrics.
When you choose to use the AI Avatars feature, you provide your gender identification, which is used to retrain the separate copy of the Stable Diffusion model to generate Avatars based on your particular photos. It is our contractual obligation to ensure that we provide you with the requested service. This data is deleted immediately after the Avatars are successfully generated.
In order to apply Art Styles, for you to use them faster and more conveniently, we store your original photo for 24 hours. After 24 hours your original photo will be deleted.
To provide personalized content and information to you in relation to MAGIC, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing (including via email). We do so upon your explicit consent.
Upon users’ consent, for marketing purposes in order to find audiences similar to our users. For this processing we share, among others, users’ Use details, device information, and in-app purchase details with our third-party advertising partners.
In any other way, as described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not process your Personal Data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or authorized by you in accordance with this Section 5 or collect any Personal Data that is not required for the mentioned purposes (“purpose limitation principle”).
For any new purpose of processing that is not compatible with any of the purposes mentioned above, we will ask for your separate explicit consent.
To the extent necessary for any of the processing purposes, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current. We also undertake to collect only such amount and types of your Personal Data that are strictly required for the purposes mentioned in this Section 5 (“data minimization principle”).
6. YOUR RIGHTS
Access, modification, correction and erasure. You can send us an email at
privacy@notmagic.ai
to request access to, modification, correction, update, erasure or portability of any Personal Data that you have provided to us and that we have about you. You can also request deletion of your account inside the app, both for iOS and Android users. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
EEA/UK residents. Individuals residing in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK“) have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Data including under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“EEA GDPR“) and the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020 (SI 2020/1586), as may be amended from time to time (“UK GDPR“) (collectively, the “GDPR“), including the rights specified below. You can exercise these rights by contacting us (for contact information, please, see How to Contact Us Section).
Access to your Personal Data: You have a right to request information about whether we have any Personal Data about you, to access your Personal Data (including in a structured and portable form) that you have provided to us, when Using MAGIC and that we have about you. You can do this by contacting us.
Rectification of your Personal Data: You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your Personal Data that you provide to us. Inaccurate information may affect your experience when Using MAGIC features and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy. If you believe that your Personal Data is incomplete or inaccurate, you have a right to contact us and ask us to correct such Personal Data.
Restriction of processing: You also have the right to demand restriction of processing of your Personal Data, for example, if you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data which inaccuracy is verified by us.
Erasure of your Personal Data: If you believe that your Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed, or in cases where you have withdrawn your consent, or object to the processing of your Personal Data, or where the processing of your Personal Data does not otherwise comply with the GDPR, or if your Personal Data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation under EU or EU member state law, you have the right to contact us and ask us to erase such Personal Data. Please be aware that erasing some Personal Data may affect your ability to Use MAGIC.
Right to portability of your Personal Data: If we process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent, or if this is necessary for the performance of our contract, you have the right to request us to receive any Personal Data you provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may further ask us to give that Personal Data to another party.
Right to object processing or otherwise using your Personal Data: Where we are processing your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest, you may object to the processing or otherwise using your Personal Data. You can do this by contacting us. Please be aware that our inability to process or otherwise use some of your Personal Data may affect your ability to Use MAGIC. If you have opted in to receiving marketing communications, you have the right to opt out of those at ay time.
Right to withdraw your consent at any time: Where you may have provided your consent to the processing of your Personal Data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: Subject to the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a local data protection authority in the country of your residence, where you work or where an alleged infringement of the applicable data protection law took place. Please see a list of EU member states’ supervisory authority
here
, and the UK’s supervisory authority (ICO)
here
.
Residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut may have statutory rights under state comprehensive privacy law including the rights specified below. You can exercise these rights by contacting us (for contact information, please, see How to Contact Us Section).
Right to request the categories of Personal Information collected about you. MAGIC will provide, where relevant and required by law, the types of data we collect.
Right to request the categories of sources from which your Personal Information is collected. MAGIC will provide, where relevant and required by law, the types of tools and organizations we use to collect data.
Right to request the business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information. MAGIC will provide, where relevant and required by law, the purposes to collect data.
Right to request the categories of third parties to whom Personal Information is disclosed, and the categories of Personal Information disclosed. MAGIC will provide, where relevant and required by law, information regarding the other organizations that may receive your Personal Information.
Right to request the specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you. MAGIC will provide, where relevant and required by law, your Personal Information.
Right to request that Personal Information collected about you be deleted. We may keep Personal Information for legal reasons but will accommodate deletion requests when required. Please be aware that erasing some Personal Data may affect your ability to Use MAGIC.
Request that your inaccurate Personal Information be corrected. If you believe your Personal Information is not correct you may provide Personal Information to replace the erroneous data.
Request that MAGIC does not sell or share your Personal Information. Each state may interpret a “sale” of Personal Information differently, however, if you are a resident of the states above or Nevada and request that your Personal Information not be sold MAGIC will honor that request. Individuals in California may request their information not be shared with any third party.
Please keep in mind that in case of a vague request to exercise any of the aforementioned right we may engage with you in a dialogue to ask for more details if so needed to complete your request. In case this is impossible, we reserve the right to refuse granting your request.
Following the provisions of the applicable law, we might also ask you to prove your identity (for example, by requesting your user or some other proof of your identity) in order for you to invoke the mentioned rights. This is made to ensure that no right of third parties is violated by your request, and the mentioned rights are exercised by an actual Personal Data subject or an authorized person.
Please note that we will process your request within 1 month after receiving it. We may extend this period by two months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. If we extend the response period, we will let you know within one month from your request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the law.
Opting Out of Promotional Emails
IF REQUIRED BY LAW, WE WILL ASK FOR YOUR CONSENT TO SEND YOU PROMOTIONAL AND MARKETING EMAILS. IF YOU WISH TO OPT-OUT OF OUR PROMOTIONAL AND MARKETING EMAILS, YOU CAN OPT-OUT FROM OUR PROMOTIONAL AND MARKETING EMAIL LIST BY USING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING METHODS:
by following the opt-out links in any marketing email sent to you; or through MAGIC settings on your mobile device; or
by contacting us at any time using the contact details in How to Contact Us Section.
7. SHARING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We do not rent or sell your Personal Data, including photos and videos, to any third parties outside the Company or its Affiliates (as defined below).
Parties with whom we may share your Personal Data.
We also may share your Personal Data, and other collected information with third-party organizations such as contractors and service providers that we use to support our business and who are bound by confidentiality and data protection terms (consistent with this Privacy Policy) to keep your Personal Data confidential and use it only based on our instructions (“Service Providers”).
Such Service Providers include:
cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services, which we use when you choose to upload your photos or videos to MAGIC,
third-party analytics, as specified in this Privacy Policy,
email delivery services, and
For the avoidance of doubt, we do not share or transfer your photos, videos and Avatars to third parties (except temporarily storing your photos, videos and Avatars to our cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services to provide online processing function, and thereafter deleting such photos, v
Effective date: January 01, 2023
7. SHARING OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We do not rent or sell your Personal Data, including photos and videos, to any third parties outside the Company or its Affiliates (as defined below).
Parties with whom we may share your Personal Data.
We also may share your Personal Data, and other collected information with third-party organizations such as contractors and service providers that we use to support our business and who are bound by confidentiality and data protection terms (consistent with this Privacy Policy) to keep your Personal Data confidential and use it only based on our instructions (“Service Providers”).
Such Service Providers include:
cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services, which we use when you choose to upload your photos or videos to MAGIC,
third-party analytics, as specified in this Privacy Policy,
email delivery services, and
For the avoidance of doubt, we do not share or transfer your photos, videos and Avatars to third parties (except temporarily storing your photos, videos and Avatars to our cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services to provide online processing function, and thereafter deleting such photos, videos and Avatars as described in this Privacy Policy). We use only secure places of storage, such as Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services. Google LLC and Amazon Web Services, Inc. are located in the United States of America.
What happens in the event of a change of control. If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of the Company or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your Personal Data and any other collected information may be among the items sold or transferred.
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm. We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena), government or regulatory request if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal, government or regulatory requests from jurisdictions where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: (i) detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; (ii) protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and (iii) prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
8. DATA SECURITY
We use reasonable and appropriate information security safeguards to help keep the collected information secure and to secure it from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your collected information, we cannot guarantee the security of the collected information transmitted to or through MAGIC or an absolute guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Any transmission of your collected information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the circumvention of security measures contained in MAGIC. Please understand that there is no ideal technology or measure to maintain 100% security. Among others, we utilize the following information security measures:
Encryption of your Personal Data in transit and in rest.
All collected information is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
Organizational and legal measures. For example, our employees and employees of our subsidiaries have different levels of access to your Personal Data and only those in charge of data management get access to your Personal Data and only for limited purposes required for the operation of MAGIC. We impose strict liability on such employees for any disclosures, unauthorized accesses, alterations, destructions and misuse of your Personal Data.
Conducting periodical data protection impact assessments in order to ensure that the Company fully adheres to the principles of “privacy by design”, “privacy by default” and others. We also commit to undertake a privacy audit in case of the Company's merger or takeover.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the social media services, through which you may share your photos and videos. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
Security breaches: If we learn of a security systems breach, we may either post a notice, or attempt to notify you by email (if it was provided) and will take reasonable steps to remedy the breach as specified in applicable law and this Privacy Policy. If we learn of a potential Personal Data breach, together with other actions referred to in the Privacy Policy, we will also undertake particular actions to remedy the breach as appropriate under the circumstances, which may include, logging you out from all the devices, resetting a password (sending a temporary password for you to apply) and performing other reasonably necessary activities and actions.
If you want to report a security incident related to MAGIC, please contact us at
privacy@notmagic.ai
.
Contacting us: You can provide your feedback or report a technical issue by using the ”Send Feedback“ button in MAGIC settings. The email will be sent from your email to
contact@notmagic.ai
, and the message will contain the following diagnostics information that will help us to resolve your issue/address your request:
Phone model
Device OS and version
App version
User device ID
Language
Remaining space
This information is used to assess your feedback and/or identify the problem if you are reporting one and is NOT USED to identify users individually.
Contacting you: If you are using MAGIC you may receive electronic communications from us (e.g., by posting in-app notices in MAGIC, push notifications or emails). These communications may include notices about MAGIC or its in-app subscriptions: e.g., changes/updates to features of MAGIC and their scope, prices of in-app subscriptions, technical and security notices, as well as updates to this Privacy Policy and MAGIC Terms of Use. Upon your consent, we will also share with you our marketing materials about new products, features or offers from MAGIC and its affiliates.
9. DATA RETENTION
Your Personal Data, other than photos, videos and Avatars. Normally, the retention term would be the term of your account existence. It means that we will retain your Personal Data, other than your photos, videos or Avatars, until you delete your account or request us to delete your data (by contacting us at
privacy@notmagic.ai
). Please note that deletion of MAGIC application does not imply the deletion of your account and your data!
Your original photos and videos that you upload for editing are processed on your device only and are not stored with our servers unless you choose to apply Art Styles to your photos. In case of applying Art Styles, your original photo is stored on our server for 24 hours. We need it to allow you edit photos more smoothly, so that you do not have to re-upload your original photo multiple times to apply different Art Styles. Moreover, such an approach helps you spend less Internet traffic and makes the processing of Art Styled photos faster.
Your original photos that you upload to generate Avatars are deleted immediately after successful Avatars generation. At the same time, your Avatars are stored on our servers (provided by Google Cloud Platform (Ireland and USA) and Amazon Web Services (USA)) to be available to you at any time from any device until you decide to delete them (e.g., within the app or via a request you send us at
privacy@notmagic.ai
).
We may retain your Personal data in connection with your privacy-related requests and communications with us, if any, as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your Personal Data, we may continue to retain and use anonymized data previously collected that can no longer be used for personal identification.
10. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
The Company is incorporated in the United States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred to and stored in the United States or in other countries.
Where required under the EEA GDPR, in case of transfers of personal data from the EEA to countries outside the EEA, where we cannot rely on adequacy decisions adopted by the European Commission (for more information, please see
here
) we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to guarantee the continued protection of your personal data, particularly by signing the Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Commission (article 46(2)(c) GDPR). For more information on these Standard Contractual Clauses, please see
here
.
Where required under the UK GDPR, in case of transfers of personal data to countries outside the United Kingdom, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to guarantee the continued protection of your personal data, particularly by signing the UK Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, whichever is more appropriate in the given situation. For more information on UK Addendum and the UK International Data Transfer Agreement please see
here
. We may also guarantee the protection of your personal data by relying on adequacy decisions adopted or approved by the authorities in the United Kingdom.
As to the location of our servers, we use AWS servers located in the USA for MAGIC operation, while our analytics operations are processed both on the servers provided by AWS (located in the USA) and by Google LLC (located in the Republic of Ireland).
For further information please contact
privacy@notmagic.ai
11. CHILDREN
General age limitation. MAGIC is not intended for or directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to Use MAGIC. If you are under 13, do not: (i) Use or provide any information in MAGIC or through any of its features, or (ii) provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected or received any Personal Data from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us (for contact information, please, see How to Contact Us Section).
Age limitation for EEA residents. Due to requirements of the GDPR, you shall be at least 16 years old in order to Use MAGIC. To the extent prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow Use of MAGIC by the EEA residents younger than 16 years old. If you are aware of anyone younger than 16 Using MAGIC, please contact us (for contact information, please, see “How to Contact Us” Section), and we will take the required steps to delete the information provided by such persons.
12. OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from MAGIC, including the information or content contained within them. Where we have a link to a website or service, linked to or from MAGIC, we encourage you to read the privacy policy stated on that website or service before providing information on or through it.
13. HOW TO CONTACT US, EEA/UK REPRESENTATIVE, AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
General contact details. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or MAGIC, please contact us via email at
privacy@notmagic.ai
or our mailing address:
NotMagic
Effective date: January 01, 2023
13. HOW TO CONTACT US, EEA/UK REPRESENTATIVE, AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
General contact details. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or MAGIC, please contact us via email at
privacy@notmagic.ai
or our mailing address:
NotMagic Limited
Suite D2028 440 N Wolfe Rd Sunnyvale, CA 94085.
Appointed EEA/UK representative. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK and you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or MAGIC, please contact us via email at
privacy@notmagic.ai
or at our EEA/UK representative mailing address:
NotMagic Limited
Suite D2028 440 N Wolfe Rd Sunnyvale, CA 94085.
Data protection officer. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK and you wish to exercise your rights under Section 6, or you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or MAGIC, you can contact our data protection officer via email at
privacy@notmagic.ai
.
14. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is indicated at the top of the page. The Company may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Some changes do not require your consent: for example, when we add a new purpose of processing that is compatible with the existing purposes, or the new processing activity that falls under the users’ reasonable expectation. However, if the changes made may pose risk to your rights and freedoms (e.g., by including a new purpose of the processing that is not compatible with the existing purposes of processing, a new legal basis, a new category of personal data to be collected or a new data subject, all of which are not reasonably expected by the users, we will ask for your consent to those changes separately from this Policy. If you did not receive a request for your consent to the changes or refused to give consent, those changes will not apply to you. That fact can negatively affect some of MAGIC services provided to you in case those services inevitably include consent to the changes.
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: January 16, 2023
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Country
refers to: California, United States
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to NotMagic Limited, 1 Cupertino, CA 95014.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Service
refers to the Website.
Terms and Conditions
(also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service. This Terms and Conditions agreement has been created with the help of the
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
.
Third-party Social Media Service
means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.
Website
refers to NotMagic AI, accessible from
https://notmagic.ai/
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
For European Union (EU) Users
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident in.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service. You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By email: terms@notmagic.ai
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/live/ac6fb73e-04da-47ee-bc2c-fd6ce98b8482:
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 16, 2023
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the
Free Privacy Policy Generator
.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to NotMagic Limited, 1 Cupertino, CA 95014.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country
refers to: California,  United States
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service
refers to the Website.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website
refers to NotMagic AI, accessible from
https://notmagic.ai/
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies on the
Free Privacy Policy website
article.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service,  to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.
Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.
You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: privacy@notmagic.ai