Privacy Policy
Locals Game Studio is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users ("users" or"user"). This Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") has been crafted to inform users as to the ways Locals Game Studio collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any Locals Game Studio game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from Locals Game Studio through the use of the Service.
By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Locals Game Studio may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and Locals Game Studio encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Information Collected and Used
Locals Game Studio' primary objective in collecting users' information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service. When users install any of the Locals Game Studio games or applications, Locals Game Studio may collect and record the information users provide voluntarily through the site where the games users install are released.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activities. This "personal information" is defined as information about users that can be used to contact or identify users. Personal information may include:
(1)
Information about the users' profile, including without limitation the user names and social networking site profile ID and icon;
(2) Email address;
(3) Credit or debit card information, or other payment details, depending on users' form of payment.
Additionally, Locals Game Studio may acquire information from users through:
(1) Users' access and participation in message boards on the Service;
(2) Users' email to our customer support;
(3) Users' purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, Locals Game Studio does not have access to users' payment details and billing information.
Locals Game Studio may also invite users to share non-personal information about themselves which may include but is not limited to:
(1)
Information about the hardware users may own;
(2) Users' favorite websites, friend information and fan pages;
(3) Users' game play information such as their highest scores or game session duration (collectively referred to as "
non-personal information
").
If non-personal information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, Locals Game Studio may combine the users' non-personal information with their personal information in an attempt to provide the users with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.
In addition to information collected as described above, users may choose to share additional information about themselves throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any actions users perform with other players are considered public, and are at users' sole discretion. Any information users provide to Locals Game Studio, and any information users choose to share about themselves as part of the use of any service, will be stored as entered.
Finally, any time users access the Service, Locals Game Studio may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. Locals Game Studio uses this information to better tailor the Service to users' interests, to provide users more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information users provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties except to provide products or services users have requested, when Locals Game Studio has users' permission, or under the following circumstances:
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that Locals Game Studio transfers to users' computer's hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as the user's preferences or a user's name and password. The Service sends cookies to users' computers when users access or view content of an Locals Game Studio game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users' personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users' interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Locals Game Studio endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. Locals Game Studio is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which users choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
Changing or Deleting Users' Information
Users may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in users' profile page. If users completely delete all this information, users' account may become deactivated. If users would like Locals Game Studio to delete their records in Locals Game Studio' system, please contact Locals Game Studio and Locals Game Studio will attempt to accommodate users' request if Locals Game Studio is not legally obligated to retain the record.
Security
Locals Game Studio has put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure users' personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, Locals Game Studio cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use users' personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Locals Game Studio discourages users from sending Locals Game Studio personal information through these mediums.
Policy Regarding Children
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and Locals Game Studio does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If users are under 13, they may use and access Locals Game Studio' game only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Locals Game Studio, he or she can contact us through e-mail listed below. If Locals Game Studio learns that a child under 13 has provided Locals Game Studio with personal information Locals Game Studio will delete such information from its files as quickly as possible. Locals Game Studio recognizes the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourages parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
Contacting Us
If users have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact
：
Covetgirlgame@outlook.com