Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2023/04/24
PromptGuru, operated by Laf Dijital Tasarim Reklam
        Organizasyon Danismanlik Ticaret LLC ("us", "we", or "our"), values your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains
        how we collect, use, and protect your personal information when you use our web-app, PromptGuru (the "Service").
By
        using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
1.
        Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain
        personally identifiable information, which may include, but is not limited to, your email address. We collect
        this information to provide you with a personalized user experience, including the ability to view your query
        history.
We also collect anonymous usage data, such as the number of visitors to the Service, the pages
        they visit, and the time spent on the Service. This information helps us improve the Service and provide a
        better user experience.
2. Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever
        you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet
        Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and
        date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
3. Cookies
Cookies
        are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to
        your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies"
        to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is
        being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
4.
        Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of
        transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use
        commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute
        security.
5. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to
        time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to
        review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they
        are posted on this page.
6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
        please contact us at
info@lafagency.com
Contact Us
Generate
Profile