Privacy Policy
We value your ("User," "You," or "Your") privacy and recognize the sensitivity of your personal information. We are committed to protecting your personal information and using it only as appropriate to provide you with the best possible service, products, and opportunities, as described in this Privacy Policy.
We think it is important
to explain what information We collect, what We do with it and to describe the rights you will have with respect to your personal data processed by us. We strictly comply with the applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Please note that when using the Application, this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Use. By accessing the Application, you acknowledge that the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use govern your use of the Application.
I. What Information We Collect and How It Is Used
We may collect and hold personal information related to you that is necessary for the purpose of conducting our business, including (without limitation) to deliver products, services or information, improve our services to offer better experience, and to fulfill our regulatory obligations. We will tell you when we ask for your personal information whether it is a statutory or contractual requirement to give us the information and the consequences of not providing the information.
To undertake above goals, we may collect the following personal information related to our users:
User profile
:
If you are a user of the Application, creating a user profile is optional. If you register for a user account with the Application, we may collect certain information such as your e-mail address, username and password. You can also use your social media login (such as sign in with Apple) to register with us. Note, however, that we do not collect information from your social media account.
User content
:
We will collect any user content you create, share, or post to the Application, which may include information contained in your user account, as well as photos or other image files and associated metadata. Please note that other users of the Application may be able to download and extract any images shared publicly on the Application.
We may also collect information that you submit when you contact the customer support, or otherwise submit information to the Company, including email address, and other information submitted during your use of the Application.
Device and Internet Usage
:
If you download the Application, we may collect information from your device, including identifiers to help us identify your device’s hardware and operating system. Device information may be accessed using industry standard identifiers such as those approved by your device operating system manufacturer.
Cookies
:
Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. We and our service providers use cookies to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which pages you click on and how you use the application, enhance your experience using the application, and improve our services. Cookies may include information such as your login or registration identification, user preferences, time spent on a website and pages visited. By using the Application, you consent to our use of Cookies.
II. Data Retention
We retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary and relevant for our business. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
(i) how long the personal information is needed to provide the services and operate the business;
(ii) the type of personal information collected;
III. Data Rights
You have the right (subject to certain limitations) to:
(i) request access to personal information we hold about you;
(ii) the correction of your personal information when incorrect, out of date or incomplete;
(iii) request that we delete your personal information;
(iv) opt-out of any marketing communications that we may send to you and to object to us using / holding your personal information if we have no legitimate reason to do so;
(v) the portability of personal information i.e., ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to you, or a third party, in a digital format.
Where we are relying on your consent to handle your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to this use at any time. We do not sell personal information to third parties for their own business/commercial uses.
IV. Security
We maintain security standards and procedures designed to prevent unauthorized access to your data by anyone, including our staff. We use commercially reasonable means such as (but not limited to) data encryption, firewalls and server authentication to protect the security of your personal information. The Company and our staff and any third parties hired to provide support services will be required to observe our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance. However, no information security defenses are impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our applications, servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
V. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16, and in the event that we learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided information on the Application, we will delete that information as soon as possible.
VI. Changes
This Privacy Policy sets out our current policies and demonstrates our commitment to your privacy. We may change the content or services found on the Application at any time, and consequently our Privacy Policy may change at any time in the future and will be updated from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this Privacy Policy that are important for you to know about, we will post the updated Privacy Policy at this link.
VII. Contact us :
Our email : manager@ai-stones.com
Our website:  ai-stones.com