Privacy Policy
Last updated Nov 21, 2024
RenoVPN is committed to protecting your privacy. Our guiding principle toward data collection is to collect
            only the minimal data required to operate a world-class VPN service at scale. We want you to understand what
            information we collect, what we don't collect, and how we collect, use, and store information. We do not
            collect logs of your activity, including no logging of browsing history, traffic destination, data content,
            or DNS queries. We also never store connection logs, i.e., no logs of your IP address, your outgoing VPN IP
            address, connection timestamp, or session duration. We designed our systems not to have sensitive data about
            you; even when compelled, we cannot provide data that we do not possess.
This Privacy Policy describes how Reno Launch Technology Limited and its affiliates ("RenoVPN,"
            "we," "our" or "us") collect, use, and share information in connection with
            your use of our websites (including renovpn.com), services, and applications (collectively, the
            "Services"). This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") does not apply to information
            you may process when using our Services.
1. (USER-CONTROLLED OPTION): PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our VPN APP is a non-obligatory log network. RenoVPN does not collect personal information of users,
            including but not limited to names (subscriber names, user names and screen names), addresses (including
            mailing addresses, residential address, business addresses) and telephones, unless the data you provide
            depending on the context of your interactions with us and the choices you make, including your privacy
            settings, and the products and features you use for the purpose of administering your subscription and for
            the purpose to enjoy our VPN services. Except for the limited exceptions, we don't automatically collect
            any Personal Information from you.
When you open the APP seeking for our VPN services, the APP assigns a unique identifier to you for the
            service (such unique identifier just binds up with your device identification code, but does not tie to any
            other personal information of users). When you use the VPN services, we will check your account information
            through this unique identifier to determine the level of service you have signed up for before establishing
            your VPN connection.
We do not know any means or source of user's detailed payment for VPN services (including any credit card
            or bank account number) or any billing records either.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address,
            phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you
            may choose to provide. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
RenoVPN uses your email address (if any depending on your choice) for the following reasons:
To communicate with you about your VPN services or respond to your communications.
To send you updates and announcements.
To send marketing information, such as RenoVPN offers, surveys, invitations, and content about other
                matters in connection with RenoVPN ("Marketing emails"). You may choose to not receive
                Marketing emails by following the opt-out procedure described in these emails.
RenoVPN uses your personal information only for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, and we don't
            sell your personal information to third parties without your prior consent.
2. SERVICE INFORMATION RELATED TO YOUR VPN USAGE
Subject to applicable laws and for the avoidance to infringe any internet service provider, any browsing
            information, traffic destination, data content, IP addresses, DNS queries or other similar information
            relating to your online activities transmitted by you to our servers is encrypted and cleared after the VPN
            "session" is closed. That said, we don't collect any information regarding the websites you
            visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your
            device may transmit through the VPN network. More specifically, RenoVPN has NO documents/information below
            under the situations of the limited connecting with your personal information and the non-collection of the
            websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device:
We do not know which user ever accessed a particular website or service.
We do not know which user was connected to the VPN at a specific time.
We do not know the set of original IP addresses of a user's computer or the temporarily assigned
                network addresses.
If anyone would like to access to or try to compel RenoVPN to release user information based on any of the
            above, we cannot supply this information because the data don't exist.
For the purpose to fulfill our contractual obligations in good faith and to make you enjoy excellent VPN
            services, we collect the following information related to your VPN usage:
Information related to Apps and Apps versions
We collect information related to which Apps and Apps version(s) you have activated. It makes our Support
            Team efficiently find out and eliminate technical issues for you.
Information related to Connection
We collect information about whether a VPN connection is successful on a particular day (but not a specific
            time of the day), to which VPN location (but not your assigned outgoing IP address), and from which
            country/ISP (but not your source IP address). The minimal information allows us to provide efficient
            technical support to you, such as identifying connection problems, providing country-specific advice about
            how to use our VPN services, and to enable our engineers to identify and fix network issues.
The Size (in MB) of Data transferred (but not any websites you visit or any data transmitted from
                your device)
We collect information regarding the total sum of data transferred by a given user. It is one of our service
            principles to provide unlimited data transfer, however if we notice that a user occupies more traffic than
            thousands of others combined, what influence other users to enjoy high-quality service, we may seek for the
            reason with the user.
Anonymous Data for Network Diagnostics, Study and Analysis
When you become one of our users for the VPN services, with your permission, we collect minimal usage
            statistics and anonymized analytics data used for network diagnostics in our network operations tools, for
            the purpose to optimize network speeds and to let us identify problems related to specific apps, VPN
            servers, or ISPs. Learning and analyzing the statistics allows us to improve the quality of the services and
            the products. We ensure the information we receive is fully anonymized and cannot be tied back to individual
            users (i.e., we do not store which user sent which data, and we do not store IP addresses).
We will collect the following information:
Diagnostic information about if and how a VPN connection attempt failed.
Speed test data.
Crash reports, also without any personally identifiable information. These are handled in an anonymized
                form by third parties, dependent on the platform you are using.
On iOS, Apple's crash reporting can be turned off in iOS settings.
Conclusion
We collect minimal usage statistics to maintain our quality of service. Although we provide service to users
            improving the network speed, we can't uniquely identify any specific behavior of any user, because
            thousands of users share one same location simultaneously to enjoy surfing the internet and the usage
            pattern overlaps with thousands of other customers who also connected to the same location on the same day.
Regarding to the sensitive data, we've engineered our systems to categorically eliminate the storage of
            sensitive data. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service.
We stand by our firm commitment to our customers' privacy by not possessing any data related to a
            user's online activities.
3. THE USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
How we use information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our Services;
Improve, personalize, and expand our Services;
Understand and analyze how you use our Services;
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to
                provide you with updates and other information relating to the Service, and for marketing and
                promotional purposes;
Process your transactions;
Send you text messages and push notifications;
Find and prevent fraud; and
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service, or other legal rights, or as may be
                required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
How we share information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers. We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers
                that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or
                marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements,
                software updates, special offers, or other information.
Aggregate Information. Where legally permissible, we may use and share information about users with our
                partners in aggregated or de-identified form that can't reasonably be used to identify you.
Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral. If you sign up for our Services through a
                referral from a friend, we may share information with your referrer to let them know that you used their
                referral to sign up for our Services.
Analytics. We collect minimal usage statistics and anonymized analytics data used for network
                diagnostics in our network operations tools. Please see more information in Section 2 of this Privacy
                Policy.
Business Transfers. Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer,
                successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or
                similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is
                transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures. We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable
                law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms
                of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise
                address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights,
                property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies
                and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
With Your Consent. We may share information with your consent.
4. ADVERTISING
We do not server any ads for the VIP subscription of our services. As well, we are proud to offer free,
            advertising-supported VPN services to the customers. We work with third-party advertising partners to show
            ads to the customers who choose free VPN services.
We ensure that we do not target any personal information based on these ads. Although you opt in to use the
            free, advertising-supported VPN services, we won't share the advertisers any your personal information
            or any usage information without your prior consent.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, these advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags,
            and similar technologies on our services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about
            you which they may collect over time and across different online services.
To learn more about these programs, please visit:
AdMob: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Unity AD: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle: https://vungle.com/privacy
5. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
Keeping your information private is our core mission. RenoVPN is registered and operates under the laws of
            Australia, which has comprehensive data protection legislation.
We are committed to complying with all applicable local laws and regulations regarding the protection of
            personal information. Any disclosure of personal data will be carried out in accordance with this Privacy
            Policy and as required by Australian law.
RenoVPN will only disclose user information in response to valid legal processes, such as a subpoena, court
            order, or warrant, issued by a court or authority with proper jurisdiction. We will notify affected users
            about any requests for their account information, unless legally prohibited from doing so by law or court
            order. Importantly, due to our strict no-logs policy, RenoVPN does not collect any IP addresses, browsing
            history, traffic data, or DNS queries that could be used to identify any specific user.
Requests from foreign law enforcement agencies will be carefully reviewed to ensure they are compliant with
            Australian law and international legal agreements. We are dedicated to protecting our users' privacy and
            will only comply with such requests when legally obligated to do so.
6. DATA RETENTION
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so
            (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or
            accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete
            or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored
            in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
            processing until deletion is possible.
We keep records of any correspondence, questions, complaints, or compliments you submit to us, along with our
            response. Depending on how you contact us, we may collect your email address and any additional information
            you provide to us. Having full correspondence records enables us to provide the best possible customer
            support experience.
We use emails for support correspondence:
support@renovpn.com
.
When you correspond with us using these emails, your correspondence records, including your name and email
            address, are stored in their systems
7. SECURITY MEASURES
RenoVPN is committed to protecting your information. We use best-in-class physical, procedural, and technical
            security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse,
            unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of information. Access to user information is restricted to
            staff who require such access to perform their job functions.
While we believe these systems are robust, it is important to understand that no data security measures in
            the world can offer 100% protection.
Servers are housed in data centers with strong security practices. None of these data centers require us to
            collect or store any traffic data or personal information related to your use of VPN services. If any data
            center were to ask us to log such data, we would immediately cease operations with said data center and find
            alternative options.
Even if a government were to physically seize one of our VPN servers and manage to break its disk encryption,
            there would be no logs or information that would tie any individual user to a particular event, website, or
            behavior.
8. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
You may access other third-party services while using the VPN services, for example by clicking on links to
            those third-party services from within the Services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or
            practices of these third-party services, and we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We feel under a particular obligation to protect information obtained from young children. We would strongly
            urge parents to instruct their children never to disclose their real name, their address or their telephone
            number while they are on-line without prior permission. RenoVPN does not knowingly collect information from
            children under the age of 16, and children under 16 years old are prohibited from using our services. If you
            learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can
            alert us at
support@renovpn.com
.
10. ACCESS
When you become one of our users for the VPN services, you may access certain information associated with you
            by emailing
support@renovpn.com
. If you decide not to use our VPN
            services any more, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers
            and may remain accessible to the public.
To protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
            updating or removing your information. The information you provide us may be archived or stored periodically
            by us according to backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery
            purposes. Your ability to access and correct your information may be temporarily limited where access and
            correction could: inhibit our ability to comply with a legal obligation; inhibit our ability to investigate,
            make or defend legal claims; result in disclosure of personal information about a third party; or result in
            breach of a contract or disclosure of trade secrets or other proprietary business information belonging to
            us or a third party.
11. GDPR
RenoVPN is committed to user privacy globally, and personal information under users' control and minimal
            collection of data are our existing practices. According to the requirements of the General Data Protection
            Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we collect and process the data in a specific manner of users
            in EU outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
i) For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the VPN services and Apps they have requested.
Managing user subscriptions and processing payments.
Providing customer support.
ii) For a legitimate interest associated with the operation of our business, including:
            * Enhancing the quality, reliability, and effectiveness of our VPN Services, and Apps.
            * Communicating with customers to provide information and seek feedback related to our VPN services and
            Apps.
You can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
            processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal
            information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
            As well, you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise
            this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we
            send you.
You can exercise your rights under the GDPR to access, transfer, correct, delete, or object to the processing
            of your personal information by contacting us at
support@renovpn.com
.
12. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
RenoVPN is a global business. We may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in
            which the data was originally collected. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the
            country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your personal information to other
            countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
For the purpose to consist with applicable privacy laws and principles, this Privacy Policy may be modified
            from time to time without prior notice to you, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of our VPN
            services constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on
            our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously
            collected from you through our VPN services, we will notify you through our APP, email, or other
            communication.
14. Contacts
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
support@renovpn.com
.
隐私政策
最后更新于 2024 年 11 月 21 日
RenoVPN 致力于保护您的隐私。我们在数据收集方面的指导原则是仅收集运营世界级 VPN
            服务所需的最少数据。我们希望您了解我们收集了哪些信息，我们不收集哪些信息，以及我们如何收集、使用和存储信息。我们不收集您的活动日志，包括不记录浏览历史、流量目的地、数据内容或 DNS
            查询。我们也从不存储连接日志，即没有您的 IP 地址、您的 VPN 出口 IP 地址、连接时间戳或会话持续时间的日志。我们设计的系统不会拥有关于您的敏感数据；即使被迫，我们也无法提供我们不存在的数据。
本隐私政策描述了 Reno Launch Technology Limited 及其附属公司（“RenoVPN”、“我们”或“我们的”）如何在您使用我们的网站（包括
            renovpn.com）、服务和应用程序（统称为“服务”）时收集、使用和分享信息。本隐私政策（“隐私政策”）不适用于您在使用我们的服务时可能处理的信息。
1.（用户可控选项）：个人信息
我们的 VPN 应用程序是一个非强制性日志网络。RenoVPN
            不收集用户的个人信息，包括但不限于姓名（订阅者姓名、用户名和显示名称）、地址（包括邮寄地址、居住地址、商业地址）和电话，除非您根据与我们的互动上下文和您所做的选择（包括您的隐私设置）以及您使用的产品和功能提供数据，以便管理您的订阅并享受我们的
            VPN 服务。除有限的例外情况外，我们不会自动从您那里收集任何个人信息。
当您打开应用程序寻求我们的 VPN 服务时，应用程序会为您分配一个用于服务的唯一标识符（该唯一标识符仅与您的设备识别码绑定，但不与用户的任何其他个人信息关联）。当您使用 VPN
            服务时，我们将通过此唯一标识符检查您的账户信息，以确定您已注册的服务级别，然后再建立您的 VPN 连接。
我们不知道用户用于 VPN 服务的任何详细付款方式或来源（包括任何信用卡或银行账户号码）或任何账单记录。
如果您直接联系我们，我们可能会收到关于您的其他信息，例如您的姓名、电子邮件地址、电话号码、您发送给我们的消息内容和/或附件，以及您可能选择提供的任何其他信息。当您打开我们发送的电子邮件时，我们也可能收到确认信息。
RenoVPN 使用您的电子邮件地址（如果有，取决于您的选择）出于以下原因：
与您沟通您的 VPN 服务或回复您的沟通。
向您发送更新和公告。
发送营销信息，例如 RenoVPN 优惠、调查、邀请以及与 RenoVPN 相关的其他内容（“营销邮件”）。您可以按照这些邮件中描述的退出程序选择不接收营销邮件。
RenoVPN 仅将您的个人信息用于本隐私政策中列出的目的，未经您的事先同意，我们不会将您的个人信息出售给第三方。
2. 与您 VPN 使用相关的服务信息
在适用法律的前提下，并避免侵犯任何互联网服务提供商，您传输到我们服务器的任何浏览信息、流量目的地、数据内容、IP 地址、DNS 查询或与您的在线活动相关的其他类似信息都会在 VPN
            “会话”关闭后被加密并清除。也就是说，我们不收集任何关于您访问的网站或存储在您设备上或从您设备传输的任何数据的信息，包括您设备上的应用程序可能通过 VPN 网络传输的任何数据。更具体地说，RenoVPN
            在以下情况下没有与您的个人信息有限关联且不收集您访问的网站或存储在您设备上或从您设备传输的任何数据的文件/信息：
我们不知道哪个用户曾经访问过特定的网站或服务。
我们不知道哪个用户在特定时间连接到 VPN。
我们不知道用户计算机的原始 IP 地址集合或临时分配的网络地址。
如果有人想根据上述任何内容访问或试图强迫 RenoVPN 发布用户信息，我们无法提供这些信息，因为数据不存在。
为了善意履行我们的合同义务并使您享受卓越的 VPN 服务，我们收集与您 VPN 使用相关的以下信息：
与应用程序和应用程序版本相关的信息
我们收集您已激活的应用程序和应用程序版本相关的信息。这使我们的支持团队能够高效地为您发现并消除技术问题。
与连接相关的信息
我们收集关于 VPN 连接在特定日期（但不是特定时间）是否成功、连接到哪个 VPN 位置（但不是您分配的出口 IP 地址）以及来自哪个国家/互联网服务提供商（但不是您的源 IP
            地址）的信息。此最少的信息使我们能够为您提供高效的技术支持，例如识别连接问题、提供关于如何使用我们 VPN 服务的特定国家建议，并使我们的工程师能够识别和修复网络问题。
传输的数据大小（以 MB 为单位）（但不是您访问的任何网站或从您的设备传输的任何数据）
我们收集关于特定用户传输的数据总量的信息。提供无限制的数据传输是我们的服务原则之一，但是如果我们注意到某个用户占用了比数千其他用户更多的流量，影响到其他用户享受高质量的服务，我们可能会与该用户寻求原因。
用于网络诊断、研究和分析的匿名数据
当您成为我们 VPN 服务的用户时，在您的许可下，我们收集用于网络诊断的最少使用统计数据和匿名分析数据，用于优化网络速度并让我们识别与特定应用程序、VPN
            服务器或互联网服务提供商相关的问题。学习和分析这些统计数据使我们能够提高服务和产品的质量。我们确保收到的信息是完全匿名的，无法追溯到个人用户（即，我们不存储哪个用户发送了哪些数据，我们也不存储 IP 地址）。
我们将收集以下信息：
关于 VPN 连接尝试是否以及如何失败的诊断信息。
速度测试数据。
崩溃报告，也不包含任何个人身份信息。这些由第三方以匿名形式处理，具体取决于您使用的平台。
在 iOS 上，可以在 iOS 设置中关闭 Apple 的崩溃报告。
结论
我们收集最少的使用统计数据以维持我们的服务质量。尽管我们为用户提供提高网络速度的服务，但我们无法唯一识别任何用户的特定行为，因为数千名用户同时共享同一个位置享受上网，使用模式与同一天也连接到同一位置的数千名其他客户重叠。
关于敏感数据，我们已经设计了我们的系统，彻底消除敏感数据的存储。我们从不知道他们如何使用我们的服务。
我们坚持对客户隐私的坚定承诺，不拥有与用户在线活动相关的任何数据。
3. 信息的使用和共享
我们如何使用信息
我们以多种方式使用我们收集的信息，包括：
提供、运营和维护我们的服务；
改进、个性化和扩展我们的服务；
理解和分析您如何使用我们的服务；
开发新产品、服务、功能和功能；
与您沟通，无论是直接还是通过我们的合作伙伴，包括提供客户服务，向您提供与服务相关的更新和其他信息，以及用于营销和促销目的；
处理您的交易；
向您发送短信和推送通知；
发现和防止欺诈；以及
出于合规目的，包括执行我们的服务条款或其他法律权利，或根据适用的法律法规或任何司法程序或政府机构的要求。
我们如何分享信息
我们可能以多种方式分享我们收集的信息，包括：
供应商和服务提供商。我们可能与代表我们提供服务的第三方供应商和服务提供商分享信息，例如帮助提供我们的服务、用于促销和/或营销目的，以及向您提供与您相关的信息，如产品公告、软件更新、特别优惠或其他信息。
汇总信息。在法律允许的情况下，我们可能以无法合理用于识别您的汇总或去标识形式使用和分享关于用户的信息与我们的合作伙伴。
当您通过推荐注册时我们分享的信息。如果您通过朋友的推荐注册我们的服务，我们可能会与您的推荐人分享信息，让他们知道您使用了他们的推荐注册了我们的服务。
分析。我们收集最少的使用统计数据和用于网络诊断的匿名分析数据。请参阅本隐私政策第 2 部分以获取更多信息。
业务转移。信息可能会被披露并转移给任何潜在的收购者、继任者或受让人，作为任何拟议的合并、收购、债务融资、资产出售或类似交易的一部分，或者在破产、破产或接管的情况下，信息将作为我们的商业资产之一转移给一个或多个第三方。
根据法律要求和类似披露。我们还可能共享信息以：（i）满足任何适用的法律、法规、法律程序或政府要求；（ii）执行本隐私政策和我们的服务条款，包括调查潜在的违反行为；（iii）检测、预防或以其他方式处理欺诈、安全或技术问题；（iv）回应您的请求；或（v）保护我们的权利、财产或安全，我们的用户和公众。这包括与其他公司和组织交换信息以进行欺诈保护和垃圾邮件/恶意软件预防。
经您同意。我们可能在您同意的情况下分享信息。
4. 广告
对于我们服务的 VIP 订阅，我们不提供任何广告。同样，我们自豪地为客户提供免费的、支持广告的 VPN 服务。我们与第三方广告合作伙伴合作，向选择免费 VPN 服务的客户展示广告。
我们确保不针对这些广告收集任何个人信息。尽管您选择使用免费的、支持广告的 VPN 服务，我们不会在未经您事先同意的情况下与广告商分享您的任何个人信息或任何使用信息。
尽管有上述规定，这些广告合作伙伴可能会在我们的服务上设置并访问他们自己的 Cookie、像素标签和类似技术，他们可能会收集或访问关于您的信息，这些信息可能会随着时间的推移在不同的在线服务中收集。
要了解更多关于这些程序的信息，请访问：
AdMob：https://policies.google.com/privacy
Unity Ads：https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle：https://vungle.com/privacy
5. 司法管辖权和适用法律
保护您的信息隐私是我们的核心使命。RenoVPN 在澳大利亚注册并按照澳大利亚法律运营，澳大利亚拥有全面的数据保护立法。
我们致力于遵守所有适用的当地法律和法规，涉及个人信息的保护。任何个人数据的披露都将按照本隐私政策并根据澳大利亚法律的要求进行。
RenoVPN
            只会在具有适当司法管辖权的法院或机构签发的有效法律程序（如传票、法院命令或授权）下披露用户信息。除非法律或法院命令依法禁止，否则我们将通知受影响的用户其账户信息的任何请求。重要的是，由于我们严格的无日志政策，RenoVPN
            不会收集任何可用于识别特定用户的 IP 地址、浏览历史、流量数据或 DNS 查询。
来自外国执法机构的请求将被仔细审查，以确保它们符合澳大利亚法律和国际法律协议。我们致力于保护用户的隐私，只有在法律义务要求的情况下才会遵守此类请求。
6. 数据保留
在我们有持续的合法业务需求的情况下，我们会保留从您那里收集的个人信息（例如，向您提供您请求的服务或遵守适用的法律、税务或会计要求）。
当我们没有持续的合法业务需求处理您的个人信息时，我们将删除或匿名化它，或者如果这不可能（例如，因为您的个人信息已存储在备份档案中），那么我们将安全地存储您的个人信息并将其与任何进一步的处理隔离，直到可以删除为止。
我们会保留您提交给我们的任何通信、问题、投诉或赞美的记录，以及我们的回复。根据您如何联系我们，我们可能会收集您的电子邮件地址和您提供给我们的任何其他信息。拥有完整的通信记录使我们能够为您提供最佳的客户支持体验。
我们使用电子邮件进行支持通信：
support@renovpn.com
。
当您使用这些电子邮件与我们通信时，您的通信记录，包括您的姓名和电子邮件地址，都会存储在他们的系统中。
7. 安全措施
RenoVPN
            致力于保护您的信息。我们在办公室和信息存储设施方面采用最先进的物理、程序和技术安全措施，以防止任何信息的丢失、滥用、未经授权的访问、披露或修改。用户信息的访问权限仅限于需要此类访问来履行其工作职能的员工。
虽然我们相信这些系统是强大的，但重要的是要了解，世界上没有任何数据安全措施可以提供 100% 的保护。
服务器存放在具有强大安全措施的数据中心。这些数据中心都不要求我们收集或存储与您使用 VPN 服务相关的任何流量数据或个人信息。如果任何数据中心要求我们记录此类数据，我们将立即停止与该数据中心的合作并寻找替代方案。
即使政府设法实际查封我们的 VPN 服务器之一并设法破解其磁盘加密，也不会有任何日志或信息将任何个人用户与特定事件、网站或行为联系起来。
8. 第三方服务
您在使用 VPN 服务时可能会访问其他第三方服务，例如通过点击服务内的链接访问这些第三方服务。我们不对这些第三方服务的隐私政策和/或实践负责，我们鼓励您仔细查看他们的隐私政策。
9. 儿童隐私
我们觉得有义务保护从幼儿那里获得的信息。我们强烈敦促父母指导他们的孩子在未经事先许可的情况下，永远不要在网上透露他们的真实姓名、地址或电话号码。RenoVPN 不会有意收集 16 岁以下儿童的信息，16
            岁以下的儿童被禁止使用我们的服务。如果您了解到有儿童违反本隐私政策向我们提供了个人信息，您可以通过
support@renovpn.com
向我们提出警示。
10. 访问
当您成为我们 VPN 服务的用户时，您可以通过发送电子邮件至
support@renovpn.com
来访问与您相关的某些信息。如果您决定不再使用我们的 VPN 服务，您账户上的任何公开活动可能会在删除前保留在我们的服务器上，并可能继续向公众开放。
为了保护您的隐私和安全，我们也可能采取合理的步骤在更新或删除您的信息之前验证您的身份。您提供给我们的信息可能会根据业务正常进行的备份流程定期由我们归档或存储，用于灾难恢复目的。您访问和更正您的信息的能力可能会受到临时限制，例如访问和更正可能会：阻碍我们遵守法律义务；阻碍我们调查、提出或辩护法律索赔；导致披露有关第三方的个人信息；或导致违反合同或披露属于我们或第三方的商业秘密或其他专有商业信息。
11. GDPR
RenoVPN
            致力于全球用户的隐私，用户控制下的个人信息和最小的数据收集是我们现有的实践。根据欧盟（EU）《通用数据保护条例》（GDPR）的要求，我们按照本隐私政策中概述的特定方式收集和处理欧盟用户的数据，基于以下其中一个基础，具体取决于情况：
i） 为了履行我们对用户的合同义务，包括：
向用户提供他们请求的 VPN 服务和应用程序。
管理用户订阅和处理付款。
提供客户支持。
ii） 与我们业务运营相关的合法利益，包括：
增强我们 VPN 服务和应用程序的质量、可靠性和有效性。
与客户沟通，提供与我们的 VPN 服务和应用程序相关的信息并寻求反馈。
您可以随时撤回您的同意。撤回您的同意将不会影响我们在您撤回之前进行的任何处理的合法性，也不会影响我们基于合法处理理由而非同意的情况下对您的个人信息进行的处理。
            此外，您有权随时选择不接收我们发送的营销通信。您可以通过点击我们发送的营销电子邮件中的“取消订阅”或“选择退出”链接来行使此权利。
您可以通过联系我们
support@renovpn.com
来行使您根据 GDPR
            对您的个人信息的访问、转移、纠正、删除或反对处理的权利。
12. 国际数据传输
RenoVPN
            是一家全球性企业。我们可能会将个人信息转移到最初收集数据的国家之外的国家。这些国家可能没有与您最初提供信息的国家相同的数据保护法律。当我们将您的个人信息转移到其他国家时，我们将按照本隐私政策所述保护该信息。
13. 本隐私政策的更改
为了符合适用的隐私法律和原则，本隐私政策可能会不时修改，恕不另行通知，因此请经常查看。您继续使用我们的 VPN
            服务即表示您接受我们的隐私政策。对本隐私政策的更改将发布在我们的网站上。如果我们实质性地改变了我们使用或共享通过我们的 VPN
            服务从您那里收集的个人信息的方式，我们将通过我们的应用程序、电子邮件或其他通信方式通知您。
14. 联系方式
如果您对本隐私政策有任何疑问或担忧，请随时通过
support@renovpn.com
与我们联系。