Privacy Policy
Last Revised:
January 23
, 2025
Crazy Labs Ltd. with its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
Crazy Labs
”, “
Company
” “
we
” or “
us
”) respects the privacy of the visitors and/or users (“User” or “you”) of its primary website at:
https://crazylabs.com/
(including its subdomains) and any other websites, web applications or landing pages operated by us (collectively, the “
Site
”) and is committed to protecting its Users’ information. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you visit and/or use our Site.
We strongly urge you read this Policy and make sure you fully understand our practices in relation to Personal Information before you access or use any of our Site. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not use the Site. By accessing and using the Site, you agree to this Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us at:
privacy@crazylabs.com
.
If you are an app publisher and have included any Personal Information on your app store listing or your sites, this Privacy Policy also describes how we may process your Personal Information.
Capitalized terms which are not defined in this Privacy Policy, shall have the meanings given to them in our Terms of Use at:
https://crazylabs.com/tous
(“
TOU
”).
1.
Which information may be collected?
We may process two types of data and information about our users:
a. Non-identifiable and anonymous information (“
Non-personal Information
”). We are not aware of the identity of the User from whom Non-personal Information has been collected. Non-personal Information is any unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available while such User is entering into and/or using the Site. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioral information and aggregated information (e.g. the activity of the User on the Site, User’s ‘click-stream’ or searches on the Site, type and version of browser, etc.).
b. Personally identifiable information (“
Personal Information
”). This is information from which an individual or a specific device can be identified.
For example, we may passively collect persistent identifiers from Users (e.g. IP address and advertising identifiers), mainly for enhancing the User’s experience, learning about geo-location, providing the Site and services, and security purposes as further detailed below.
In addition, Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and voluntarily by the User: Personal Information may be collected from the details the Users provide on the Site, which may include the User’s e-mail address, full name, company, phone number, resume file, and any text, information or documentation the User wishes to submit through the Careers’ page and/or Publishing page on the Site, or through Company’s suppliers portal.
If you engage with us through social media (e.g. Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter or YouTube), we may collect Personal Information you voluntarily provide, such as when you submit an application through the Careers’ page. If you upload content, including your Personal Information, to a social network and then tag our Site, your submission will be subject to that social network’s terms of use and privacy notice, even where you post on an official Crazy Labs page on the social network. We do not have control over these terms of use and privacy policies and have not reviewed their adequacy. You should therefore review these before submitting any Personal Information.
If you are an app publisher and have included Personal Information in your app store listing or your site/s e.g. your name, e-mail address, we may also process this Personal Information for the purposes described below.
For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
2. How is Information being processed
through your entry and use of the Site
. In other words, when you are using the Site we are aware of it and may process, gather, collect and/or store the information relating to such usage, either independently or through the help of third party service providers.
when you decide to provide us with your information voluntarily.
For example, we collect Personal Information which you voluntarily provide when you submit an application via the careers’ page, submit a game to us, participate in any campaign, provide us with your information on the careers page or transmit communication to any of our e-mail addresses available on the Site. We may gather, collect and store the Personal Information either independently or through the help of our authorized Third Parties.
For app publishers we may also collect limited Personal Information which you post on your app store listing, either directly from your listing or from third parties which collect and aggregate this information, or on your site/s.
3. What are the Purposes of the Processing of Information?
Non-personal Information is processed for:
statistical and research purposes,
customization and improvement of our Site and services, and
safeguarding the Site.
Personal Information is processed to:
reply to the User’s questions, requests and/or concerns sent by the Users via or in connection with the Site and/or its services.
contact Users for the purpose of providing them with technical assistance and support
contact Users who are interested in applying for jobs at Crazy Labs.
contact Users for the purpose of providing updates on any programs or promotions they are taking a part in, and/or future program or promotions.
safeguard our Site and Users.
provide the Site and services to you.
facilitate and support our engagement with you (including, in respect of our suppliers, for processing payments).
improve the services, enhance and customize content, and provide a  consistent and efficient User experience.
be used for marketing purposes.
We may use such Personal Information for the above purposes via any applicable communication channel, including e-mail, SMS, etc.
For app publishers we use the Personal Information referred to above to contact you for business purposes.
4. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share Personal Information in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
(b) to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the TOU, including investigation of potential violations;
(c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
(d) to respond to a User’s support requests;
(e) to respond to claims that any content available on the Site violates the rights of third-parties;
(f) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment;
(g) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users, or the general public;
(h) when the Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets;
(i) with third party service providers (including our affiliates) who we engage in connection with our provision of the Site and services, or to facilitate and support our engagement with suppliers through our suppliers portal, and who are required to protect your Personal Information and only use it per our agreements with them;
(j) to store or process your Personal Information through our affiliated companies, which may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and which we require to process your Personal Information in compliance with this Policy;
(k) pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure; or
(l) to cooperate with third parties for the purpose of enhancing the User’s experience. For avoidance of doubt, we may transfer and disclose Non-personal Information to third parties at our discretion.
Please see section 11 for more information on international transfers of Personal Information.
5. Deletion, Modification and Retention of Personal Information
If for any reason you wish to delete or modify your Personal Information please send us an e-mail with adequate detail of your request to:
privacy@crazylabs.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws. Note that unless you instruct us otherwise we may retain your Personal Information for as long as reasonably required for the purposes for which such Personal Information was collected, including without limitation, for future analytics and analysis, in order to comply with our legal or business requirements or obligations and to resolve disputes or to enforce our Terms, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws.
Non-personal Information including aggregated and/or anonymous information derived from your use of the Site may remain on our servers indefinitely.
Users in the EEA have additional rights in relation to their Personal Information which are explained in section 14. Users who are residents in California have certain rights with respect to their Personal Information which are explained in section 15.
6. Minors
The Site is not intended for Users who are children, therefore, the Company does not intend and does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the Site. If we learn that we collected Personal Information from children we will delete that information as quickly as possible. Please contact us at
privacy@crazylabs.com
if you have reasons to suspect that the Company has collected Personal Information from children and we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
7. Security
We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our Site and User information and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use of your Personal Information will never occur.
8. Links to Third Party Websites
Certain links provided on our Site permit our Users to leave the Site and enter third party sites or services (including but not limited to Facebook’s “Share” button available in our Site, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. The Company is not responsible or liable for such linked sites and services’ privacy practices and/or any other practices. Your access to, use of and reliance upon any such sites, services and content and your dealings with such third parties are at your sole risk and expense. Those linked sites and services are provided solely as a convenience to you. Most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use of those sites. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, so that you understand what kind of information they are collecting.
9. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
When you access or use the Site, we or our Third Parties may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” or other similar technologies which store certain information on your computer or device (“
Cookies
“), which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features and make your experience much more convenient and effortless. We or our authorized Third Parties may use both session cookies (which expire once you close the Site) and persistent cookies (which stay on your system until you delete them). Your browser may make it easy to disable or delete Cookies. Most browsers will allow you to erase Cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. However, if you disable or erase Cookies, your online experience may be limited or impaired. Cookies usually store only Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc. Except for strictly necessary cookies, all cookies will expire after the period detailed in the tables below.
Some of the Cookies are managed by third parties who have their own policies regarding how they collect and store information. Such practices are not covered by our Privacy Policy and we do not have any control over them.
The following Cookies are placed and used on our Site:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
:  Strictly necessary cookies are essential to providing the Site and services to you and are used to provide necessary security settings or help you use our Site’s features as expected; these cookies are used to identify malicious visitors to our Site, assist with web-traffic filtration and to reduce the chance of blocking legitimate users. These cookies cannot be turned off. To learn more about these cookies you can refer to the policy of the Third Parties who place the cookies linked to below.
Cookie Name
Purpose
Placed by
Link to Provider’s policy
incap_ses_*
Preserves visitor’s   usage of the Site
Comeet
https://help.comeet.com/en/collections/1808450-terms-policies
visid_incap_*
Preserves visitor’s usage of the Site
Comeet
https://help.comeet.com/en/collections/1808450-terms-policies
cf_clearance
Cookie serves as proof that a visitor has passed Cloudflare’s security checks, facilitating smoother access to protected websites.
Cloud Flare
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
https://www.cloudflare.com/cookie-policy/
nlbi_*
Improves security
Comeet
https://help.comeet.com/en/collections/1808450-terms-policies
Performance, Functional and Analytics Cookies
:  These cookies help us assess how you and other web users use our Site. These are used to help us to continuously improve our Site’s functionality, performance and design. These cookies provide us with aggregated anonymous statistical information such as number of page visits, page load speeds, session length and the type of browsers or devices used to access the Site. The following are the performance, functional or analytics cookies used in the Site:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Placed by
Link to Provider’s policy
Expiry Date
Referr32_00e
Collects data on
where a candidate
came from before
applying to an
open position (if
referred by a
Crazy Labs
employee)
Comeet
https://help.comeet.com/en/collections/1808450-terms-policies
1 month
_ga
Google Analytics
sets this cookie to
calculate visitor,
session and
campaign data and
track site usage for
the site's analytics
report
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=None
1 year, 1 month, 4 days
_ga_*
Google Analytics
sets this cookie to
store and count
page views.
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=None
1 year, 1 month, 4 days
_gid
Google Analytics
sets this cookie to
store information
on how visitors
use a website
while also creating
an analytics report
of the website's
performance.
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=None
1 day
_gat_UA-*
Google Analytics
sets this cookie for
analytics purposes.
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gao
1 minute
cookieconsent
_status
Cookie consent
status
CrazyLabs
1 year
filter
CrazyLabs
Never expires
Elementor
The elementor
cookie is used by
WordPress
websites with the
Elementor plugin
to enable real-time. This cookie is used to enable real-time content updates.
WordPress
https://automattic.com/privacy/
Never expires
wpEmojiSetti
ngsSupports
WordPress sets
this cookie when a
user interacts with
emojis on a
WordPress site.
WordPress
https://automattic.com/privacy/
Each
browser
session
Targeting Cookies:
These cookies are used by Third Parties who place them to track visitors across our
Site and other nonaffiliated sites over time. To learn more about these cookies you can refer to the policy
of the Third Parties who place the cookies linked to below.
Cookie Name
Purpose
Placed by
Link to provider’s policy
Expiry Date
IDE
The IDE cookie
delivers targeted
ads, measuring ad
performance.
Google
Analytics
(Doubleclick)
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=None
13 months
10. Direct Marketing
Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your email address to keep you informed about our Apps, products and services (including competitions we may hold) and to send you other marketing material which may be of interest.  If applicable law requires your consent for us to use your email address for direct marketing, we will only send you marketing where you have provided such consent.   In all cases, you may withdraw your consent by sending a written notice to Crazy Labs by email to the following address:
privacy@crazylabs.com
or alternatively following the instructions for removing yourself from the mailing list which are available in the e-mail transmitted to you.
11. International Data Transfer
We may transfer information collected about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities, or to other third party service providers across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world (all solely for legitimate business purposes). Please note that we may transfer such information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. We will take steps reasonably necessary to ensure the protection of your Personal Information (such as making transfers subject to contractual terms or engaging with host providers which offer an equivalent level of protection). Where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we will carefully validate these requests before Personal Information is disclosed. If you are an individual based in the EEA, you can ask for more details of the steps we take by contacting us as set out in the “Got Any Questions” section below. We will centralize all privacy-related decisions in (and the Personal Information may be accessed from) countries that are declared as offering an adequate level of protection of personal data by the European Commission.
12. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy govern use of the Site and any information collected via the Site. The Company may change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this policy on the homepage of the Site. Such substantial changes will take effect five (5) days after such notice was provided on our Site. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date and your continued use of the Site after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event that the Terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by law and without any prior notice.
13. Legal bases for processing Personal Information
We will only collect, use or share your Personal Information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy where we are satisfied that:
(a) our use of your Personal Information is necessary for communicating with you, for answering your request or question, for managing your job application or for giving you access to the Site;
(b) our use of your Personal Information is necessary to support legitimate interests that we have as a business to provide our Site, services and interactive applications for mobile devices to our customers, provided it is conducted, at all times, in a way that is proportionate, and that respects your privacy rights;
(c) our use of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have. (for example, to maintain appropriate business records, to comply with lawful requests by public authorities and to comply with applicable laws and regulations or as otherwise required by law); or
(d) you have provided your consent to us using your Personal Information for that purpose.
Where the basis of processing is your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
14. Additional Information for individuals in the EEA and UK
For individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA“) Crazy Labs Ltd. is the controller of your Personal Information. Our representative in the EEA is Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd. and can be contacted at:
CrazyLabs@LionheartSquared.eu
For individuals in the United Kingdom (“UK”) Crazy Labs Ltd. is the controller of your Personal Information. Our representative is Lionheart Squared Limited  and can be contacted at:
CrazyLabs@LionheartSquared.uk
Individuals in the EEA and/or the UK have the following additional rights (please note that these are subject to certain exemptions and in some cases dependent on the processing being undertaken):
● Right to access Personal Information
You have a right to request that  we provide you with a copy of your Personal Information that we hold and you have the right to be informed of; (a) the source of your Personal Information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your Personal Information  may be transferred.
● Right to rectify or erase Personal Information
You have a right to request that we rectify inaccurate Personal Information. We may seek to verify the accuracy of the Personal Information before rectifying it.
You can also request that we erase your Personal Information in limited circumstances where:
● it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected; or
● you have withdrawn your consent (where the data processing was based on consent); or
● following a successful right to object (see right to object); or
● it has been processed unlawfully; or
● necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which Crazy Labs is subject.
We are not required to comply with your request to erase Personal Information if the processing of your Personal Information is necessary:
● for compliance with a legal obligation; or
● for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
● Right to restrict the processing of your Personal Information
You can ask us to restrict your Personal Information, but only where:
● its accuracy is contested, to allow us to verify its accuracy; or
● the processing is unlawful, but you do not want it erased; or
● it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but we still need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
● you have exercised the right to object, and verification of overriding grounds is pending.
We can continue to use your Personal Information following a request for restriction, where:
● we have your consent; or
● to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
● to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
● Right to transfer your Personal Information
You can ask us to provide your Personal Information to you in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller, but in each case only where:
● the processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you; and
● the processing is carried out by automated means.
● Right to object to the processing of your Personal Information
You can object to any processing of your Personal Information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests.
If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
● Right to object to how we use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes
You can request that we change the manner in which we contact you for marketing purposes.
You can request that we do not transfer your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties for the purposes of direct marketing or any other purposes.
● Right to obtain a copy of Personal Information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction
You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your Personal Information  is transferred outside of the EEA.
We may redact data transfer agreements to protect commercial terms.
● Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority
You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you have concerns about how we are processing your Personal Information.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
You can exercise any of your rights by contacting us on the email address below.
15. California Privacy Rights
This section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act
(“
CCPA
”) and applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.
Personal Information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose, and Sell.
In the
preceding 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information about California
consumers.
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed for business purposes to
the following categories of third
parties:
Sold to the following
categories of third parties:
Personal and online identifiers (such as
first and last name, email address,
phone number, or unique online
identifiers)
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Affiliates that are not under
common branding
Advertising/marketing
companies;
Advertising networks;
Data analytics providers; and
Social networks
Characteristics of protected
classifications under California or
federal law (such as age or gender)
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Affiliates that are not under
common branding;
Data analytics providers; and
Social networks
Other information about you that is
linked to the personal information
above
Categories of Sources
. We collect personal information from the following categories of
sources:
Consumers; and
Service Providers.
Why We Collect, Use, and Share California Information.
We use and
disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further
described in this Privacy Policy.  These commercial and business purposes include, without limitation:
Our commercial purposes, including marketing and advertising.
Our business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include:
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us) such as customer service and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information.
California residents have
certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses. If you are a California
resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain
exceptions and limitations:
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces
of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources
from which we collected personal information about you, our purposes for collecting or selling
personal information about you, the categories of personal information about you that we have either
sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have
shared personal information.
The
right to request that we delete
the personal
information we have collected from you.
The right to
opt out of our sale(s)
of your personal
information. Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide
you with the services that rely on such sales. Note that we do not have actual knowledge that we
sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
The
right not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information: By email
to:
privacy@crazylabs.com
and/or Online by
this webform
.
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand
the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a
request or have it fulfilled. You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your
behalf by completing
this
form
and providing it to us.
16. Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcome to send us an email to the following address:
privacy@crazylabs.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Get 1.1.1.1
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 1
https://automattic.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);
Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and
Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on
Controllers and Responsible Companies
.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike License
We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on
GitHub
. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account.
Public profile information:
If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information:
There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a
custom domain
, some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, and WooPayments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use
WooPay
to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like
WordAds
, you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you.
Business Profile:
Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features.
Content information:
You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload).
Credentials:
Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly.
Communications with us (hi there!):
You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Job applicant information:
If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles).  You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com.
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like
WooPay
) to buy something from a third party.
Usage information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our
WooCommerce Usage Tracker
also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our
Admin Bar
and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention.
Location information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Stored information:
We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Interactions with other users’ sites:
We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example,
recommend posts
we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile.
Information from cookies & other technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. For example:
Third Party Login:
If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address)
Social Sharing Services:
If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our
Publicize feature
, we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.
Financial Account Info
:
If you use WooPayments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe.
Google Account Information:
When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site.
The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available.
Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services.
For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information.
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services.
For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use.
To place and manage ads in our advertising program.
For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance.
To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public.
For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To fix problems with our Services.
For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience.
For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you.
For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
To recruit and hire new Automatticians.
For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms.  If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information.  This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
:
Subsidiaries and independent contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them.
Third-party vendors:
We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooPayments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on woocommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our
Cookie Policy
).
Legal and regulatory requirements:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our
Legal Guidelines
. Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our
Domain Registrations and Privacy support document
for more details.
To protect rights, property, and others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we
may disclose information related to the emergency without delay
.
Business transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With your consent:
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature.
Aggregated or de-identified information:
We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Site owners:
If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the
Payments feature
) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner.
Published support requests:
If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views!
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your
G
lobally
R
ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website.
We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for
WordPress.com
and
Jetpack
sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter. To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like
Two Step Authentication
.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process.
Limit access to information on your mobile device:
Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs.
Opt out of marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies:
At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can
usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt out of our internal analytics program:
You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close your account:
While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. (
Here
are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site);
Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); and
Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition).
If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected:
Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application.
You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the
Information We Collect section
above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How and Why We Use Information section
. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing Information section
. We retain this information for the length of time described in our
How Long We Keep Information section
.
In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to:
Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;
Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; and
Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in
our Privacy Report
.
Right to Opt Out
We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).
We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of.
You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states.
Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again.
We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.
We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16.
Your Information & Personalized Advertising
Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to
Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program
.
Contacting Us About These Rights
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “
How to Reach Us
” to, well, find out how to reach us.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.
In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing.  Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants.
If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services.
Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide.
The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI).
Automattic Services (except Woo)
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
Automattic Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Woo Services
Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products and services available at woocommerce.com.
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce, Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc.
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the
Your Rights section
above, please contact us through our
web form
or via
email
. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049.
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
How and Why We Use Information section
above.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooPayments (powered by Stripe), Woo extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our
Privacy Notice
.
Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the
WordPress.com Blog,
or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Other Information and Resources
Jetpack Privacy Center
Woo and the GDPR
Translation
Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example:
French:
https://automattic.com/fr/privacy
Spanish:
https://automattic.com/es/privacy
German:
https://automattic.com/de/privacy
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change log
April 22, 2024:
Removed the outdated list of specific US states covered by the US Privacy Laws section
October 31, 2023:
Changed instances of “WooCommerce” to “Woo.”
July 12, 2023:
Added new example of information shared with site owners.
March 17, 2023:
Removed references to WPVIP.
December 30, 2022:
Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states.
October 18, 2022
: Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.
April 26, 2022:
Included information regarding WooPay.
November 22, 2021:
Included information for WPScan.
October 8, 2021:
Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples.
January 1, 2021
: Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
December 7, 2020:
Included information for MailPoet.
October 12, 2020
: Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax.
August 1, 2020
: Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
February 21, 2020:
Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.”
December 31, 2019
: Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout.
October 2, 2019:
A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program.
May 31, 2019:
Included information for the Recurring Payments feature.
April 1, 2019:
Included information for Happy Tools.
March 13, 2019:
Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us.
February 1, 2019:
Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts.
November 6, 2018:
Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal.
September 24, 2018:
Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search.
May 25, 2018:
Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
January 3, 2018:
Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices.
August 22, 2017:
Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section.
November 2, 2016
: Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance.
February 18, 2015:
Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
September 18, 2013:
Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
February 1, 2011:
Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph.
January 3, 2011:
Added court order and subpoena clarification.
July 1, 2010:
Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators.
October 29, 2009:
Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy.
March 10, 2009:
Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies.
Sections
▼
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Creative Commons Sharealike License
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Other Sources
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
Information Shared Publicly
How Long We Keep Information
Security
Choices
Your Rights
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
US Privacy Laws
Contacting Us About These Rights
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
Controllers and Responsible Companies
How to Reach Us
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Third-Party Software and Services
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
Privacy Policy Changes
Other Information and Resources
Translation
Change log
Subscribe
Subscribed
Automattic
Join 10,683 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Automattic
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
As an open source company, we take your privacy seriously and want to be as transparent as possible. So: We use cookies to collect some personal data from you (like your browsing data, IP addresses, and other unique identifiers). Some of these cookies we absolutely need in order to make things work, and others you can choose in order to optimize your experience while using our site and services.
Customize
Accept all
Your privacy is critically important to us. We and our partners use, store, and process your personal data to optimize: our
website
such as by improving security or conducting analytics,
marketing activities
to help deliver relevant marketing or content, and your
user experience
such as by remembering your account name, language settings, or cart information, where applicable. You can customize your cookie settings below. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
Required
These cookies are essential for our websites and services to perform basic functions and are necessary for us to operate certain features, like allowing registered users to authenticate and perform account-related functions, storing preferences set by users (like account name, language, and location), and ensuring our services operate properly.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to optimize performance by collecting information on how users interact with our websites.
Advertising
We and our advertising partners set these cookies to provide you with relevant content and to understand that content’s effectiveness.
Accept selection