< Go Back
Privacy Protection - Apps
1. Data Protection at a Glance
General information
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy, to provide a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you using Cron Guru, Cuco, VSCode Keys, or Blender Keys. Personal information is any information that personally identifies you. For detailed information on the subject of data protection, please refer to our data protection declaration listed below this text.
Data Collection in the App
How do we collect your data?
Currently we don't collect any user data when you use our app. All the information you enter in the app e.g. favorites and notes are only saved internally on your device.
Analysis Tools and Third-Party Tools
If you are using the free version of our Apps (Cron Guru, Cuco, VSCode Keys, or Blender Keys) and it contains advertisement, we collect, share and use personal information as a result of your use of AdMob. To find out more about how Google collects and uses your data you can read their
Privacy Policy
.
2. General Information and Mandatory Information
Data Protection
The operator of the app take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and according to the legal data protection regulations as well as this Privacy policy.
Reference to the Responsible Entity
The responsible body for data processing on this website is:
BarracudaByte UG (Haftungsbeschränkt)
Bgm.-Leibold Str. 44, 82380 Peißenberg, Germany
Telephone:
Not yet availible
E-mail: info@barracudabyte.de
Responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
3. Data Collection in our App
Data
If you are using the free version of our Apps (Cron Guru, Cuco, VSCode Keys, or Blender Keys) and it contains advertisement, we collect, share and use personal information as a result of your use of AdMob. To find out more about how Google collects and uses your data you can read their
Privacy Policy
Inquiry by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request including all personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass on this data without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b DSGVO if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO), as we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of the enquiries addressed to us.
The data you send us via contact requests will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.