Privacy Policy
It is important to us to provide the best possible user experience on our website. Therefore, we use cookies and the personal information that you give us consent to store. We are always completely open and transparent regarding how we handle the information that we collect about the visitors on our website.
The legal basis for our processing of your personal data is legitimate interest
and in some cases consent from you as a visitor to our website. If consent is needed we will ask for your active consent. This policy contains information about the kind of information we process as well as how and why we process your personal data and cookies collected on our site. Our policy gives you a clear picture of your rights and our obligations to you as a visitor.
Responsibility for your personal data
We at Humly are responsible for processing your personal data on our website. Being responsible for personal data means that we must ensure that you as a visitor:
Are aware about the fact that we collect your personal data, how we collect it and why.
Actively can approve or deny the processing and storage of your personal data. We do not process your personal information without your consent.
Have the opportunity to update your information easy.
Can use the right to be forgotten. This means that we must delete all information that can be linked to you as a person from all our systems, if requested.
May request to receive all personal data we have stored about you.
Can trust that we take good care of your personal data and that we do not disclose it to third parties without you being informed prior and explicitly approving it.
What personal data does Humly store?
All information that identifies you as a person is regarded as personal data. This includes, among other things; your name, address, e-mail, phone number, etc. In addition to this information, cookies are placed in your browser to personalize and enhance your user experience on our website. The purpose of these cookies is to gather information about how you use our site in order to provide you with more relevant content.
When do we store your personal data and cookies?
We collect personal information when you fill out a form to get research material, an article, or when you subscribe to our newsletter or give us your information in other ways on our website. This includes, but is not limited to, registering for training, events, seminars, webinars, via the contact form, etc.
By entering your e-mail on any form on the website, the cookies will be linked to your email address. If you have given your consent that we may store cookies and manage your personal data, we then may send you suggestions for further reading in the area of your interest, e.g. other relevant blog posts, articles etc.
Why do we need your personal data?
We always want to deliver a great user experience and provide you with relevant and valuable information on our website. Cookies and personal information provided by you help us personalize your experience on our website and to deliver the right kind of content and offers to you in the future.
What cookies do we use?
In order to give you a great experience in your digital journey on our website, we use HubSpot – a Marketing Automation system for Inbound Marketing. Cookies are part of this type of marketing.
Cookies are small files that are saved in your computer’s browser when you visit a website and that can be retrieved from the browser for different types of applications at later visits. Our site uses cookies for the following applications:
Analysis of how the site is used by you as a visitor
Adapting the site’s content based on how you as a visitor use the site.
Adaptation of advertising on different media channels based on how the site’s visitor uses it
Read more about the cookies we use:
HubSpot Cookies.
How long do we store personal data and cookies?
We store your personal data and cookies as long as we have your consent to it and the information is needed for the purpose of providing a great user experience on our website.
How to delete cookies in your browser
If you do not want cookies to be saved you can remove your consent and also delete stored cookies at any time. To do this, you can search for information about how to delete cookies on the specific browsers you use. The procedure differs for every browser. We will help by providing links to the most common browsers. Here is how to delete cookies in these browsers (click for external link):
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Your consent is needed!
We process your personal data and cookies after you have approved it. You can prevent further storage of cookies and delete already stored cookies via your browser at any time, for more information, please see above.
To receive our research and articles on the website, you need to confirm that we may store your personal data, for example your e-mail address and name. The purpose is to be able to send you the content you want as well as provide suggestions for further reading in the area of interest. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on a link in the email you will receive. You can also update your subscription settings through the link in the same mail.
If you unsubscribe from further e-mails, your personal data will be removed from our HubSpot marketing system. You can also email us at
info@humly.com.
Would you like to update your information?
Email us at
info@humly.com
to update your personal information.
The right to be forgotten
You can at any time get your information deleted from our systems. If you want to be forgotten in our systems, please report this to us at
info@humly.com
.
To find out what personal data we have stored about you, please email us at the above address. We will then send you all the information we have stored as soon as possible.
Third Party Information
Your personal data is safe with us. We do not sell, exchange or transfer your personal data to external parties.
Contact us
If you have any questions about how and why we handle your personal data, including cookies, you are welcome to contact us directly at
info@humly.com
.