iOS Application Privacy Policy
Overview
Hi-Rez Inc. built the Valence 3D app as a commercial application (the “App”). This App is provided by Hi-Rez Inc. and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our App. If you choose to use our App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the App. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
      The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our iOS Application Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at www.valence3d.app/terms unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our application, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to email. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Submitting Feedback
We want to inform you that whenever you submit feedback via the App's Submit Feedback feature we collect your email and the email's content (feedback information). This feedback information may include information such as your device model type, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our application, the context of how the app was used, and other information willingly supplied by yourself. We collect this feedback to help us make the App better.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.  Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new iOS Application Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2024-03-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our iOS Application Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at inquiries@hi-rez.io.
Website Privacy Policy
Overview
This privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit http://www.valence3d.app (the “Website”).
Personal Information Collected
When you visit the Website, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Website, and information about how you interact with the Website. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
Device Information
We collect Device Information using the following technologies: “Log files” track actions occurring on the Website, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Website. Additionally when you subscribe to our newsletter through the Website, we collect your email address. We refer to this information as “Personal Information.” When we talk about “Personal Information” in this privacy policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Personal Information.
Personal Information Usage
We use the Personal Information that we collect generally to communicate with you about product updates and news. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us improve and optimize our Website (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our viewers use the Website. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Mailchimp Newsletter
If you sign up for our newsletter, that uses Mailchimp. You can read more about how Mailchimp uses your Personal Information here:  https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
Lawful Requests
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Website’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information (email) from children. We encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Website. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Website without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Website and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Website Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2024-03-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Website Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at inquiries@hi-rez.io.