Privacy Policy
Show all
Privacy Policy
1.
Who is the data controller?
2.
How to contact us about your data?
3.
The information we collect about you
4.
How do we use your data?
5.
Who do we share your data with?
6.
What are your rights?
7.
How long do we retain your personal data?
8.
Security
9.
Cookies
1. Privacy Policy
This Policy explains when, why, and how 1XBET.IE (from now on referred to as the “operator”) collects, uses, stores, and shares your personal data. It also provides essential information about your data protection rights. This Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contracts with us or any rights you may have under data protection laws.
This privacy policy should be read in conjunction with our cookies policy and terms and conditions.
1. Who is the data controller?
The data controller for your personal information is TERMINUS PLATFORM IRELAND LIMITED, a company registered in Ireland with registration number 719563 and registered office at Mespil House, Sussex Road, Dublin 4. Terminus Platform Ireland Limited is licensed by the Irish Revenue Commissioners under Remote Bookmaker's license 1019276.
The current legislation for Data Protection in Ireland is the Data Protection Acts 1988 - 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR). In accordance with the GDPR as given further effect in the Data Protection Act 2018, Terminus Platform Ireland Limited is a ‘Data Controller’ and, as such, has significant responsibilities for ensuring the rights of data subjects and the protection of personal data processed.
2. How to contact us about your data?
If you have any queries about the information in this notice, please send your inquiry to our customer services department, who will be able to assist you. Data Protection Officer can be reached at gdpr@1xbet.ie.
3. The information we collect about you
We collect information that helps us identify you, manage your accounts and your participation in promotions, and improve the quality of the service we provide.
We also collect information required to carry out money laundering and other checks and comply with our legal obligations. You are responsible for informing us when your details change so that we can keep our records accurate and up-to-date.
This information may include, but is not limited to:
Your name, Date of birth, Postal address, E-mail address, Phone number, and other details provided during the registration process
Your professional title and occupation
Credit/debit card details, bank account details, or online e-wallet information.
Information on the source of funds
Details such as traffic information, location data, and other communication data (including IP address and browser type)
All information required to complete Know Your Customer (KYC) checks
All necessary information to meet Responsible Gambling obligations
Your telephone or Live Chat conversations
Your betting and gaming activity and other account transactions
Information from third parties databases to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
4. How do we use your data?
We use the personal information that you provide to us to:
Deliver our Services
Provide customer support, answer your questions or address your concerns
Ensure the necessary security for identity verification and other checks
Discharge our legal and regulatory obligations and duties which include (but are not limited to) the Gambling Act and Responsible Gambling obligations, Anti-money Laundering, Anti-fraud & Anti-terrorism laws
Process any of your online transactions
Assist your participation in promotions, surveys, or competitions. Participation in these surveys or competitions is entirely voluntary, and you can choose whether or not to disclose your personal information.
For any other purposes related to our gaming Services or our legal obligations.
5. Who do we share your data with?
Your personal information will not be transferred or disclosed to any company, unless subject to appropriate agreement, to third parties, for processing that personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy and any other appropriate confidentially and security measures.
These other parties include only:
Regulators, law enforcement agencies as well as our legal advisers
Third-party electronic payment providers
Suppliers and sub-contractors concerning the service provided to you
6. What are your rights?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights:
Rights to be informed about how we use your personal data
Rights to access the information we hold about you
Rights to rectify any inaccurate information we hold about you
Rights to erase certain information about you
Rights to data portability: under certain circumstances, you may request us to share your personal data with another data controller in a format that makes it easier to reuse your information
Right to restrict the processing of your personal data, including marketing processes. Where we suspend our data processing, we will still be permitted to store your personal information for legal reasons, but any other processing will require your consent. Note that you can withdraw your consent for receiving commercial communications within your personal profile on our website.
You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your personal data where this processing is carried out in connection with tasks: public interest, under official authority, or in our legitimate interests. However, we may continue to process your personal information, despite your objection, where there are compelling legitimate grounds to do so, or we need to process your personal data in connection with any legal claims.
7. How long do we retain your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to provide you with services. Also, your personal data shall be retained for the period legally established under Ireland laws following the closure of your account or during any retention period required by law.
Where it is no longer necessary to process your personal data, we will delete it. Please note, however, that we may be subject to legal and regulatory requirements to keep personal data for extended periods, which can affect your right to erasure.
8. Security
We understand the importance of providing security and the methods needed to secure the confidentiality, integrity, and accessibility of information. We store all personal information we receive directly from you in an encrypted and password-protected database stored within our secure network behind active, up-to-date firewall software.
We also ensure that our subsidiaries, agents, partners, affiliates, and suppliers employ adequate security measures. However, sending information via the internet is usually not completely secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose using your internet connection. You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet, and we will accept no liability for any direct, consequential, incidental, indirect, or punitive losses or damages arising out of such an occurrence.
9. Cookies
We use cookies for various purposes, including making your experience of our website better. Please see our Cookies policy for more information on our use of cookies.