PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on February 17, 2022.
USER CONSENT
When you use this App, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Statistical Information
I may collect and aggregate non-identifying information regarding your use of our Service, including, inter alia, username, UID and App's sent and received Statistical Information. In addition, I may also collect information about the device you’re using the App on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether I collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. To learn more about what information your device makes available to me, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Personal Information
I only ask your personal information when making inquiries.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Statistical Information
Statistical Information shall be used to ensure the adequate operation, improve, modify, cancel, enrich or adjust the Service, in general or to your area of interest. I reserve the right to use and disclose Statistical Information (in the form collected) to third parties, including, inter alia, potential and actual advertisers, sponsors, business partners, investors, affiliates and consultants, at our sole discretion.
Personal Information
Your Personal Information shall be used by us solely in order to allow and enable the proper and enjoyable use of the services offered through the feature and in accordance with any applicable law. I will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party, unless:
required under law, regulation, court order or equivalent.
to report or prevent suspected criminal activity.
in case of a suspected emergency that may threaten any person or the general public.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Note that although I take measures to secure the information and reduce the risk of unwanted disclosure, I cannot guarantee the information will not be exposed as a result of unauthorized penetration to our servers.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
I may at any time make changes to this Privacy Policy. I shall notify you of any changes by posting notice of such changes on this page.
CONTACT ADDRESS
If you have any questions about this Policy or about this App, please contact us from
this link
.
OTHERS
Amazon のアソシエイトとして、本アプリは適格販売により収入を得ています。
Supported by Rakuten Developers
2022年2月17日
2024年12月7日