App Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how App (the “App” or “we”) collects, uses, and discloses your Personal Information when you use the app.
Sharing Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with service providers to help us provide our services and fulfill our contracts with you, as described above. For example:
We may share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
MINORS
The App is not intended for individuals under the age of
18
. We do not intentionally collect Personal Information from children. If you are the parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at the address below to request deletion.
LAWFUL BASIS
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), if you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we process your personal information under the following lawful bases:
Your consent;
The performance of the contract between you and the Site;
Compliance with our legal obligations;
To protect your vital interests;
To perform a task carried out in the public interest;
For our legitimate interests, which do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Your Rights
CCPA
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you (also known as the ‘Right to Know’), to port it to a new service, and to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, updated, or erased. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us through the contact information below.
If you would like to designate an authorized agent to submit these requests on your behalf, please contact us at the address below.
Changes
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
support@faconx.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
10250 Constellation Boulevard, Suite 100, Los Angeles CA 90067, United States
Last updated:
11/10/2022
If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection authority.