Draw Trace : Draw Trace Sketch App Privacy Policy:
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Information WE Collect
Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal identification information about installed applications, application usage information and device information.
The information you give us, for example, when you give us your opinions to our application and services via our feedback channel, such as your email address, and names.
Generally. We may collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include: Social network's personal information and device's gallery pictures.
How WE use Collected Information
We may use your information only for serving you better as below:
To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services;
To personalize user experience;
We may collect your non-personal information and use them for market and promotion purpose, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Apps, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of our apps, technical and security notices).
How your Information may be Disclosed
Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
Information we get from your use of our services
Unique application numbers - Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number)
Device information - Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version.
Anonymous identifiers - we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others.
Third Party Sites
In general, the Applications, the Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us
Advertisement in Application
We use advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
Users with whom you share your Information
We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
Security
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Contacting Us / Report any Violations
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at Mail Id:ketankumarapple015
@gmail.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
Copyright Content
Contents we used are created by our in-house team and some that are aggregated through public user forums and other public online communities. We take copyright violation very seriously and we seek to protect the rights of the copyright owners. In case you identify some copyrighted work on our apps, please notify us immediately so that we can take action
Communications
We do not contact you to send any type of information through this product. As previously reported, we have no information about you.
For any copyright material issues please feel free to contact us at Mail Id :
ketankumarapple015@gmail.com
Contact US :
For the full Terms and Conditions, Please Contact
Us: ketankumarapple015@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments