About
Producers
Reviews
Work With Us
Contact
Who we are
Banquist Ltd trading as Winedrops of 2 Tower House, Tower Centre, Hoddesdon, Herts, EN11 8UR.
Who this privacy notice is for
This privacy notice has been created for our website visitors, members, shop customers and competition entrants.
Our promises
We will only use your data to improve our website’s look and feel, the way you interact with the website (for example making it easier to find the products you are looking for through adjusting our search facilities according to how we analyse members using our website), to present you with relevant offers, products, services and news, to ask for your opinions on our products and services, and for use in our own internal analytics so that we can evolve our offerings further such as analysing preferred subscription choices. We’ll protect your data like it’s our own. We promise to always use clear, plain English, and to always give you the ability to decide what you hear from us and how. And if we no longer need your information, we’ll delete it.
Protecting your privacy
We care about our customers, members, visitors and newsletter subscribers - so the privacy of everyone we interact with, whether you’re a member, just browsing or receiving our newsletters, is hugely important to us. If you have any questions about how we process, use, store and protect your data, please don’t hesitate to contact us by email using the following address: jonny@winedrops.co.uk.
How we use your information
If you subscribe to Winedrops and/or place an order through our website or sign up to marketing information or respond to a contest, competition, survey or other promotional feature, we will collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. This information may include your contact details including name, delivery address, email, telephone number, payment card details (processed through a third party payment gateway provider) and, where you provide it, some categories of other personal information. We do not collect any personal information about you unless it is voluntarily provided by you or collected by tracking technologies (aka cookies) which you may voluntarily choose to opt into when you visit our site, or collected for advertising platforms that were part of your journey to our website. We use your information in several different ways, and how we use it depends on the information. We’ve laid this out below for you.
We may have obtained your data through a third party, for example, when you enter a competition with one of our partners. We will always give you the option to opt out of the marketing communications that you will have consented to in order for your personal data to be shared with us.
1 Your name and contact details
1.1 Most importantly, we use these to deliver your box to you. We will send you emails and app push notifications that enable you to get the most out of the service, from our daily deal notifications, to the weekly shop update notification. These can be opted out of in the app, by tapping menu top right, then 'Notifications'. We will also send you emails and app push notifications to notify you of upcoming sales and promotional events so you're kept up to date. We also send you service messages by email, so you know when your wine has been dispatched, or when store credit has been added to your account.
1.2 We use this to keep you up to date with our latest news and information about winemakers and all things wine via post, phone or email. You can choose to opt out of any marketing communication from us at any time by emailing jonny@winedrops.co.uk.
1.3 We want to keep you (and ourselves) safe from fraud, so we may use your name and contact details to make sure we’re doing everything we can to prevent any fraudulent activity.
1.4 To provide you with the best service. We want you to enjoy every box you receive and every post you read on our blog. To do that, we need to be able to find out exactly what you like, and occasionally we may call you, invite you to complete a questionnaire or submit a review of the products and services you have received from us. These submissions may be used on our website, social media and marketing channels and shared with our wider family of winemakers and suppliers.  We will always take care not to share any personal data you may have shared with us as part of these submissions and will ask your permission if we do wish to share any such submissions containing personal data first.
1.5 Showing you Winedrops adverts when you browse the internet (for example on social media sites and internet search providers). This is to make sure you are kept in the loop if you are a member, or to always know what our best deals are if you’ve yet to join us.
1.6 As part of a joint competition or promotion with an external company, we may share your name and contact details with that third party organisation.  We’ll always be clear when you enter a competition or sign up for a joint promotion who that external company is, what data is to be shared and how you can contact them to manage your data held by them.
2 Your date of birth information
As a reseller of alcohol-based products, we may ask you to provide evidence of your date of birth to ensure legal age requirements to purchase such products are being met.  We may also ask you to voluntarily provide your date of birth for promotional activities such as birthday rewards or discounts.  We will use this data to understand our customer demographic in order to help tailor our services.
3 Your payment information
If you’re a member, this means the long 16 digit card number, the expiry date on your payment card as well as the address this is registered to. We need this in order to process your payment and get your wine to you. It also means we can refund you if required. All archived credit card information is maintained in a secure and safe environment.
4 Your customer service contact history with us
To is to ensure we give you the very best level of customer service and support we can provide, and in order to fulfil our contract with you, we do keep a record of our customer service communications with you (which includes but is not limited to emails, instant messages, social postings, customer reviews, telephone recordings, SMS messages and letters). We also use this information to train our staff, so that our high level of customer service and support continues - no matter who you speak to.  We also use this information to improve our products and services.
5 Purchase history
This is used so we can provide customer service and support- we need to know what boxes you’ve received in case there is ever a problem. It also helps us keep track of what you, and other customers, like. This helps us ensure you have the best possible experience.
6 Information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our website
This helps us improve our website and your experience as a customer. It also helps us protect against fraud, and meet our legal obligations as caretaker of your data. With your consent (through opting into tracking cookies) we take a note of your device type/make/model, operating system, web browser, IP address and geographical location.  This not only helps us to ensure we tailor our website experience to the geographical areas that we service but also helps us to understand what types of devices and software our visitors use so that we can produce the best looking and engaging site for the most common devices and software used by the majority of our visitors.
7 Your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
7.1 We need your responses to competitions and promotions in order to be able to run them, otherwise, we can’t choose a winner or carry out the terms of the promotion. We use information from surveys to let our partners know what products you liked, and improve your customer experience such as our web and printed tailoring content, evolving our services, helping us craft our marketing messages and targeting, and developing/discovering products that resonate in better ways with our customers. Of course,  you may submit survey responses, competition and promotional entries without providing us with your consent to receive marketing from us and we do not discriminate against entrants who do not wish to receive marketing, however, our ability to communicate our offers and promotions to you in the future will be limited and you may not find out about our future offers without consenting to receive our marketing messages.
7.2 We also use your data for other purposes including research, anonymous profiling of website visitors and online purchases, site improvements, testing our systems and developing new products. Don’t worry though, because we will always anonymise your data so you cannot be identified.
8 Sharing your information
8.1 We never sell any personal data, including name, address, email or payment information. But we do share data with some companies in order to fulfil our obligation to you and provide our service. These companies are professional services such as marketing agencies and web hosts, or companies that help get your box to you, such as delivery companies.
9 Marketing messages
9.1 For members we will only send these by email, post and may call you to discuss any new products or offers that we feel would be advantageous to you as either a current customer or a previous one. We will only contact you if you have not opted out of receiving marketing messages. With your consent, we use email, SMS, telephone and other messaging channels to send you updates, including members’ newsletters, surveys, exclusive members’ offers, selected partner offers and more.
9.2 You can unsubscribe from these marketing messages at anytime. Simply click the ‘unsubscribe’ link on any email/text or contact jonny@winedrops.co.uk, and we’ll update your preferences. This will not stop any service communications such as dispatch emails.
10 Seeing adverts online for Winedrops
10.1 We use online advertising to keep you up to date withour latest news, or to make sure you get the best deal when you join. We do this using a variety of methods such as pixels, ad tags, beacons, cookies and services offered by social networks and marketing providers such as Facebook’s Custom Audience.
10.2 We tailor our site to you based on information we hold about you and your use of our site to make sure you only receive relevant messages.
10.3 Our website may contain links to other websites.  Other websites may also reference or link to our website.  These other websites are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personally identifiable information.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. Visiting these other websites is at your own risk.
11 Keeping your information
11.1 We keep your information in order to provide our service to you and comply with our legal obligations, and we may also keep it as long as necessary for reporting and training purposes.
11.2 If reasonably required we may hold onto your data for legal or regulatory requirements.
11.3 We will not delete your data unless you ask us to, or if we no longer require its usage.
12 Your rights
12.1  Depending on our lawful basis for processing your data, you have the right: To be informed about our use of your personal information; To access any personal information we hold about you; To request the correction of any inaccurate personal information held; To request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances; You always have the right to stop direct marketing messages, which can be done by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email or contacting jonny@winedrops.co.uk; To request that we transfer your data to you or another service provider; The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
‍
12.2 If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact jonny@winedrops.co.uk.
13 Changes to how we Protect Your Privacy
We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data.
14 Cookies
We use cookies on our website. We may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, duration and frequency of visits, and other data, and may aggregate any information collected in a manner that does not identify any individual.
15 Data Security
15.1 We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or access in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We ensure that our employees and agents and contractors are aware of their privacy and data security obligations.
15.2 Transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your electronic information transmitted to us and any transmission is at your own risk.  We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
15.3 We do not transfer the information you give us to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), except where the international transfer of data is necessary to facilitate the services we are providing to you. Safeguards are in place to transfer your data in a safe and secure way via both legal and physical security.  If you are outside the EEA, your information may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with our services.  By submitting your personal information to us in this way you agree to the transfer and processing of your information outside the EEA.
16 How to contact us
16.1 We always welcome any feedback from our members or site users, either positive or negative. Please don’t hesitate to contact our Memberships team, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
16.2 We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee compliance with this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at: jonny@winedrops.co.uk
16.3 You can contact us by email at jonny@Winedrops.co.uk,or you can write to us at Banquist Ltd trading as Winedrops: 2 Tower House, Tower Centre, Hoddesdon, Herts, EN11 8UR