Kubeterm
Twitter
GitHub
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Kubeterm (“the App”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses your personal information.
If you choose to use this service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that We collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Kubeterm unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may collect information from or about you or your devices from various sources. The types of Personal Data we may process depend on the business context and the purposes for which it was collected. It may include:
User Account. If you create an account, you provide us with your account registration and profile information (name, email address, company, and similar information). We may track certain information about your use of the Services, partner programs, or communities.
Device Information. We may receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, and operating system version, device identifiers.
Usage Information. To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we may receive information about your interactions with our Services like the pages you view, referrer URL, number of log-ins, actions taken through the Services, error reports and the dates and times of your visits.
Cookies. This Service does not use cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users that these third parties may have access to their Personal Information. We may share some of your information with third-party applications, to perform above tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. And we will not share any sensitive Persional Information to third parties.
The App’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-11-15
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
contact@kubeterm.com
.