Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Radwi Software Apps Studio We recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to your use of All Applications on all platforms. Radwi Software Apps Studio has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used, and disclosed with respect to the Applications, the Services, and the Site.By using Application, the Services, or the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.This Policy covers our collection, use, and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services, and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use, or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products, or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.
A.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT a. Personal Information. We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device, and other information you transmit or receive using an Application that identifies you or another person. b. Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone and technical information about the User’s means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of the phone model and other similar information.
1 Session and Usage Data.
“Session and Usage Data” is information about your use of an Application and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication, and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, date, time, and location of the bump. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of an Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar appointments, etc.).
2 Log Data.
When you interact with us or use an Application our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number and the dates and times of your use (“Log Data”).
3 Aggregate Information.
“Aggregate Information” is data we collect about a group or category of services or Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Applications may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Applications, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users’ needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Applications.
B.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION a. Personal Information- since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your personal information in any way. b. Non-Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:
1.     To personalize user experience- We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;
2.     To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications and develop new services;
3.     To further develop Radwi Software Apps Studio business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.
C.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
a)     Personal Information. In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications, the Services, and the Site. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
b)     Non-Personal Information: We may disclose Non-Personal Information to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
c)     THIRD-PARTY SITES: In general, the Application’s third-party information (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, you may leave the Application. We do not collect your information on and through and This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third-party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third-party Websites by us.
d)     USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION: We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third-party circumvention of our security measures.
e)     SECURITY: Radwi Softwares Apps Studio is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information, which is impenetrable.
f)      INTERNATIONAL USERS: Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using an Application you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use any Application and immediately delete all Applications from your User Devices.
g)     CALIFORNIA RESIDENTSCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as “California Disclosure Information.”
h)    SENSITIVE INFORMATION: We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background, or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application or otherwise to us.
i)       CONTACTING the US / REPORTING VIOLATIONSIf you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us at ahmadameen614@gmail.com
j)       CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services, and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services, or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies. What face data is our app collecting? This application is only using face data in real-time in order to apply masks on them. At no point during the flow of our app are we saving user’s face data either online or offline For what purpose are we collecting face data? Post Covid-19 days have been hard and tough for the majority of the general audience. We want to provide them a source of amusement and advertisement through this app by giving superheroes fans the opportunity to apply superhero masks on top of their faces. Hence the only reason we are detecting users’ faces is for refreshment and leisure. Will the data be shared with any third parties? We have a very strict and rigid policy regarding our user’s personal information in all our applications. We have no connections with any 3rd parties. We thoroughly respect our users’ private face data and have no intentions of illegally sharing this information with any 3rd parties. “-This app collects face data from users in order to apply superheroes masks on faces. -The only usage of collecting face data is to apply masks on them. -This app also ensures that user’s personal information is kept confidential and not shared with any 3rd parties. -Once the masks have been applied, this app doesn’t retain or store this face data anywhere in the app.” Does our app include third-party analytics? We have not included any 3rd party analytics at any point during the flow of our application. Does our app include third-party advertising? There are no ads included in our application. We have no connections or involvement with any 3rd parties for advertisement purposes. Will the data be shared with any third parties? We have a firm policy regarding the privacy of user’s personal information. As mentioned earlier, we have no connections with any 3rd party and have no intentions whatsoever of sharing user’s private face data with any 3rd parties or saving that data online or offline. Is your app collecting any user or device data for purposes beyond third-party analytics or third-party advertising? The only data we are collecting in this application is the face data of users to apply masks on them. We are not collecting or storing any other data from users either explicitly or implicitly.
4 TrueDepth.
The app uses TrueDepth in order to create an augmented reality experience. The app doesn't collect any information from the TrueDepth API. As a consequence, we don't share any data from the TrueDepth API with third parties and we don't store any data from the TrueDepth API.
5 Face Data.
We collect and process specific facial data on the server when you use effects involving face manipulation. This data includes:
Face Detection: Identifying a face within your photo.
Facial Key Points Identification: Detecting key facial landmarks necessary for the effect (the points may vary based on the effect applied).
Effect Application: Applying the effect based on the detected facial key points. These key points are temporarily stored in the server's RAM and are deleted shortly after the effect is applied.
For certain effects, we may also collect additional information:
Silhouette Detection: Identifying the figure’s outline.
Head Position Analysis: Determining head orientation.
Facial Zone Segmentation: Detecting specific facial zones for precise effect application.
Skeleton Key Points Detection: Identifying key body parts such as the neck, shoulders, and wrists.
Depth Map Generation: Creating an image depth map for better effect accuracy.
This data is stored temporarily for a short period of time and is deleted after the effect is applied. We do not share this data with any third parties.
Our Support website address is
ameenahmad614@gmail.com
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps