Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MetaSol Technologies
Privacy Policy
Metasol Technologies has built this app as an Ad Supported app. This Service is provided by Metasol Technologies at no cost and is intended for use as is. we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website, users of all our mobile applications, and the services available through our Site and our App (collectively, the "services").
If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Metasol Technologies unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use:
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to the following permissions.
Location Permission:
We need location permission in order to locate and share user's own location. We need this permission to search nearby places and current location.The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way. The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share information you have provided in order to enable our partners to attach other available information about you for analysis or advertising-related use.
Read your contacts
We do not save or upload your contacts to our servers. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in the search bar on the basis of country code information.
Crash Report
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
24/7 customer support
if you need assistance or have any inquiries, please do not hesitate to reach out to us by email. We are committed to providing timely and effective support to our valued customers, and we will do our best to respond to your message as quickly as possible.
Additional Subscription Information
The auto-renewal feature of the subscription will continue to charge the user's account unless it is manually disabled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current billing cycle.
After purchasing a subscription, users have the ability to manage it, including disabling the auto-renewal feature. This can be done by accessing the user's Account Settings.
If a user purchases a subscription after a free trial period, any unused portion of the trial will be lost and cannot be redeemed.
Upon confirmation of purchase, the payment will be charged to the user's iTunes Account.
The user's account will be charged for the renewal of the subscription within 24 hours of the end of the current billing cycle. The cost of the renewal will depend on the specific plan that the user has selected.
Please Check our privacy policy and terms of use:
Privacy Policy
:
https://sites.google.com/metasoltechnologies.com/metasol-technologies-privacy/home
End User License Agreement (EULA)
:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
Security
Your information is protected and secure, all the good practices are followed to make sure that no one can access your private information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you need assistance or have a suggestion, Email us at support@metasoltechnologies.com
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it