Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
La presente Política de Privacidad establece los términos en que usa y protege la información que es proporcionada por sus usuarios.
Política de Privacidad:
Esta página se utiliza para informar a los visitantes sobre nuestras políticas con la recopilación, uso y divulgación de Información Personal si alguien decide usar nuestro Servicio.
Si elige utilizar nuestro juego, entonces acepta la recopilación y el uso de información en relación con esta política.
Recopilación y uso de información:
La información que solicite será retenida en su dispositivo y no es recopilada por nosotros de ninguna manera.
Nuestro juego no recoge información personal, pero si utiliza servicios de terceros que pueden recopilar información utilizada para identificarlo.
Enlaces a las políticas de privacidad de terceros proveedores de servicios utilizados por la aplicación:
Servicios de Google Play:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Unity ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Proveedores de servicios:
Quiero informar a los usuarios que estos servicios mencionados anteriormente tienen acceso a su Información Personal. Sin embargo, están obligados a no divulgar ni utilizar la información para ningún otro propósito.
Enlaces a otros sitios:
Este Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios que pudieran ser de su interés. Si hace clic en un enlace de terceros, se le dirigirá a ese sitio. Una vez que usted de clic en estos enlaces y abandone nuestra página, ya no tenemos control sobre al sitio al que es redirigido y por lo tanto no somos responsables de los términos o privacidad ni de la protección de sus datos en esos otros sitios terceros. Dichos sitios están sujetos a sus propias políticas de privacidad por lo cual es recomendable que los consulte para confirmar que usted está de acuerdo con estas. No tengo control ni asumo ninguna responsabilidad por el contenido, las políticas de privacidad o las prácticas de los sitios o servicios de terceros.
Contáctenos:
Si tienes cualquier duda o sugerencia sobre mi Política de Privacidad, no dudes en ponerte en contacto a través de nuestro correo.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools