Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Effective date: May 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how personal information is collected, used, and protected for users of the Ereasy App. By using this App you agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this policy.
We may update this Privacy Policy according to new legislative or jurisprudential requirements and/or business needs, among others reasons. The new version of this Privacy Policy will be applicable from the moment of its publication on the App. Therefore, the User is recommended to review this Privacy Policy regularly. This Privacy Policy will always be available on the App so that the data subjects can consult it at all times.
Who is the personal data controller?
MAETCH EXPANSION, S.L.
(hereinafter, the “
Company
”, “
We
”, “
Us
” and the like) is the controller of the User’s personal data mentioned above. We are firmly committed to regulatory compliance and the privacy and protection of personal data. Accordingly, in the present Privacy Policy, the User (hereinafter “the
User
”, “
you
”, “
your
”) of
Ereasy
(hereinafter, “
the/our App
”) will find all the relevant information to better understand what We do with their personal data. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not access and use our App.
What does this Policy apply to?
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that We collect and process from you as a User of our App as well as the services offered within it. Please bear in mind that this App is for adults in accordance with the laws and regulations of their birth or residence country.
What does personal data mean and which data do We collect and process?
For the purposes of this Policy, "personal data" refers to all data that identifies you or that could be used to identify you, such as:
Your User ID by using RevenueCat. For further information, please consult
RevenueCat’s privacy policy;
E-mail addresses, when you contact us directly.
Debit/credit card associated with the Apple/Google Play user account and Apple/Google Play gift cards.
Information about your IOS/Android device when you have provided your consent to these platforms to communicate this data to third party partners who develop apps offered through the platforms.
The App may use your personal information to enable you to access and use the App as well as to enhance the quality and functionality of the App. For this purpose, the App may collect information about how you navigate in the App, in order to improve the Users’ experience.
Likewise, the User will be prompted with a pop-up requesting your consent to access your camera roll, in accordance with Apple/Google Play policies, to save the edited image to the User’s device, if applicable. The permit may be a one-time permit or a permanent permit. It is your responsibility to allow or refuse our temporary access to this data while using the App. If you choose to grant access, please note that you can revoke this consent at any time by going to the "Settings" on your device.
In all cases, We only process personal data which is strictly necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes described above. That is, if you provide Us with more information than the one expressly required, you consent to its processing for Us for the informed purpose(s).
In view of the foregoing, the Company shall not be liable if:
The User is not of legal age according to the laws and regulations of their country of birth or residence. In this regard, it is the sole responsibility of parents and/or legal guardians to exercise appropriate control over the online activity of their minor children and prevent their access to apps whose content is not suitable or recommended for minors.
The Company has received personal data and/or private information from an adult to provide the services offered on the App by a third party who has not requested the adult's consent to communicate their personal data to us. In such a case, the Company reserves the right to inform the data subject of how their personal data and/or private information has been collected and, where appropriate, we will request the natural person who has provided the personal data to the Company to confirm that they have requested the consent of the data subject and/or to amend this circumstance, as well as, if appropriate, suspend the services and/or the User account.
For circumstances beyond our reasonable control, such as receiving erroneous, incomplete and/or fraudulent information from the User. You will be solely responsible for the inaccuracy or untruthfulness of the information provided. In this sense, the Company will not be responsible for the impossibility or error in the use of the App.
What do We use your personal data for?
Please be informed that you only are required to provide personal data and information that is strictly necessary to fulfill the purposes explained below. In this regard, if you provide Us with more information than is expressly required, you consent to its processing for the purpose(s) for which it was granted.
Having said that, We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To personalize your experience and improve the services.
To collect the fees of the subscription plans to the Services offered through the App and process transactions;
To manage your information queries regarding our App and/or the Service offered through it;
To comply with our legal obligations, legal requirements, laws, and regulations and/or to respond to judicial, police or the corresponding authorities’ requirements;
To protect, investigate, and deter fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity on/through our App;
When applicable, to improve our App’s functionalities and the Service offered by analyzing disaggregated data not associated with a particular User’s personal information.
To send periodic push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this App.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
We only process your personal data when there is a legal basis for doing so. The legal basis will depend on the reason(s) why We collect and process your personal data. In almost all cases the legal basis will be:
The consent that you provided Us with for the processing of your personal data in order to be able to provide you with the services offered through the App and other purposes informed at the time of collection of your data. As well as for the purpose of tracking your activity when the User enables such an option voluntarily.
The consent you have provided Apple/Google Play to install similar technologies on your device(s) for the purpose of tracking your activity in these platforms, for example, what applications you have installed or which information you share with third party partners about your browser or device for advertising purposes.
To comply with our legal obligations and/or to attend administrative, judicial, police, or the corresponding authorities’ official requirements.
Our legitimate interests in (i) offering an enhanced user experience when you access and use the app and operating it efficiently, (ii) monitoring fraudulent activity in order to preserve the security and integrity of our app; (iii) providing advertisements to users according to their interests; (iv) defending and addressing our rights in the event that a claim regarding our app and/or Service may arise.
Regarding cookies and/or similar technologies used by Apple/Google Play to collect and store the information on your device that is later shared with the partners of the services offered by these platforms, we recommend that you consult the Privacy and Cookie Policies of these platforms for information on how to revoke the consent that you have given for the installation of similar technologies.
How long do We keep your personal data for?
We will keep your personal data only for as long as you are subscripted to the Service and, beyond that, your personal data will be retained, and securely blocked, for the necessary retention period to fulfill our legal obligations and/or for our legitimate reasons (i.e to address claims in connection with the services offered through the app; to finish the investigation of detected fraudulent or illicit activity.)
Once the necessary retention period has ended, your personal data will be securely deleted from our information systems.
Who do We share the User’s personal data with?
We will not share your personal information with third parties without your consent. Nonetheless, in order to provide the Service and comply with a legal obligation, protect our legal rights, or respond to a valid legal request, we may communicate your personal data to the following third parties, including but not limited to:
(i) our main service providers, such as Apple/Google Play, where appropriate;
(ii) other providers such as RevenueCat, Google Inc, Amplitude, Firebase, Dezgo, among others;
(iii) administrative, police or judicial authorities as long as the data is required in accordance with the applicable law and regulations;
(iv) law firms to respond to claims regarding our App or services offered through it;
The third parties mentioned above may have their headquarters outside the European Economic Area (EEA), therefore, your personal data will be the object of international transfers. In any event, if a personal data international transfer is deemed appropriate, We inform you that We will only transfer personal data to recipients located in countries that ensure an adequate level of data protection or, failing that, offer the appropriate safeguards required by the current applicable law and regulations on the protection of personal data, in order to ensure that your personal data is properly protected and that your individual rights and freedoms are guaranteed. In this regard, please be informed that the third parties mentioned above are committed with standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission certification in case of transfers to the USA.
How do We protect your personal data?
Your trust is very important to Us. For this reason, your personal data is stored confidentially and securely in our information systems. We have established the appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard and protect your personal data against illegal or unauthorized access, loss or accidental destruction, damage, use, and illegal or unauthorized disclosure.
What rights do you have and how can you exercise them?
We inform you that the Users can withdraw their consent to processing their personal data at any time. Users may also exercise the following rights: access, verify and seek rectification, have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed, restrict the processing of their data, object to processing of their data, as well as the right to have the Personal Data transferred to another controller (portability), with a written request, addressed to us, via the following e-mail:
info@ereasy.app.
We also inform you of your right to lodge a complaint to the Supervisory Authority.
As a general rule, We will respond to data protection rights requests within one (1) month. Occasionally, this period may be extended by two (2) further months where necessary, taking into account whether your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, We will notify you of this event and explain the reasons for the delay to you.
Finally, We inform you that should you consider it appropriate, you have the right to lodge a complaint before the corresponding Supervisory Authority, especially if you consider that your data protection rights have not been adequately addressed.
We remain at your disposal for any doubts or questions you may have about this Policy, please contact Us by email at
info@ereasy.app.
What are cookies and what are they used for?
For the purposes of this Policy, the single term ‘cookies’ refers to cookies and similar technologies that track information about accessing and interaction with our app, for different purposes such as facilitating information about the user’s device, the user’s your navigation through our app, remembering your browsing preferences, customizing the services offered on this app, the user’s purchase and cancellation history, to generate aggregate statistics based on user interaction, among others.
The memorized data recorded by cookies takes up a small space on a device’s memory and does not harm the device in any way.
When are cookies installed?
Interacting with our app and purchasing the paid services offered in it implies the installation of cookies, which may belong to us or be from third parties.
The use of third-party cookies is subject to the Cookies and Privacy Policies of these third parties. Therefore, We will not be responsible for the content or the veracity of the mentioned policies of said third parties. Please consult the website(s) and/or app(s) of said third parties to obtain more information or in the event that you want to change your preferences for setting these cookies.
What type of cookies are installed?
Cookies that can be installed include the following:
Session cookies:
these are used to identify the User during the session, prevent the User from having to repeat processes in the app and are automatically deleted when the browser on the User’s device is closed.
Persistent cookies:
these are used to identify the User during the session, prevent the User from having to repeat processes in the app and remain installed for a certain time in the browser of the User’s device.
Owned cookies
: these are sent to the User's device from our app and/or computer equipment, managed by Us, and their information is collected for our own purposes.
Third-party cookies
: these are sent to the User's device from computer equipment and/or website and/or app managed by another company (partners and/or service providers) and their information can be collected for our own purposes (i.e to know the geographical location of the User) and/or to manage or improve the services that these third-party companies offer (i.e to manage the payment of the app’s services).
Technical cookies
: these allow the management and operation of this app and enable its functions and services, for example, to carry out the purchase process and manage payment, etc.
Analytical cookies:
these allow Us to analyze the use of this app and recognize which functionalities interest users the most, in order to improve the quality and functionalities of our services (i.e the app’s look and feel, messages’ design for usability, etc.) This information is obtained from disaggregated data which is not associated with a particular User or his/her personal information.
To install cookies in your device's browser, We need your express consent, although there are other cookies that are exempt from such consent. The exempt cookies are user authentication or identification cookies (session cookies only).
We have enabled adequate mechanisms to obtain your consent for the installation of cookies that require it. However, please be informed that, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, (i) it will be understood that your consent has been given if you modify the configuration of the browser by disabling the restrictions that prevent the installation of cookies and that, (ii) when the installation of cookies is necessary to provide you with the services that you have expressly requested, your consent will not be necessary.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍