Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy tells you as to
      how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from),
      register an account with us, buy our products, and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects
      you.
This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Our website is not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Terminology we use
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing
      our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make
      sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we
      process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where
      our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or
      permitted to by law).
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the
      performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a
      contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is
      necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Controller
MyFlowers is the data controller and is responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as
      "MyFlowers", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to
      this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise
      your legal rights, please contact the DPO, Marcela Giurgiu, by writing on
marcela@myflowers.co.uk
.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be
      identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped
      together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, date of birth and gender
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers
Financial Data
method of payment used
Transaction Data
includes details about payments from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from
          us
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and
          location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the
          devices you use to access our website
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey
          responses
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication
          preferences
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or
      demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered
      personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may
      aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if
      we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify
      you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this
      includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation,
      political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data).
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail
      to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter
      into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a
      product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
Direct interactions:
you may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by
      buying our products, filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This
      includes personal data you provide when you apply for our products or services; create an account on our
      website; subscribe to our service or publications; request marketing to be sent to you; enter a competition,
      promotion or survey; or give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions:
as you interact with our website, we will
      automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this
      personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in
      the following circumstances:
where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and
        fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get
      your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You
      have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and
      which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where
      appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose
      for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground, we are
      relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
manage payments, fees and charges;
collect and recover money owed to us.
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy;
asking you to leave a review or take a survey.
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our
            products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing / Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them
            and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing,
          system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT
            services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group
            restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of
          the advertising we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them,
          to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website products/services, marketing, customer relationships and
          experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep
          our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and
      advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may
      want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may
      be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods
      or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will not share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at any time. Where you opt
      out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a
      product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider
      that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish
      to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose,
      please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal
      basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the
      above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets.
      Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business,
      then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost,
      used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal
      data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will
      only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any
      applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected
      it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting
      requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we
      reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity
      of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the
      purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means,
      and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Your legal rights
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access
      request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are
      lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you
      to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy
      of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or
      remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to
      ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to
      processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to
      erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with
      your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of
      your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate
      interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want
      to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also
      have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some
      cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override
      your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask
      us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
if you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it;
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or
        defend legal claims;
you have objected to our use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds
        to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will
      provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used,
      machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided
      consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your
      personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw
      your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
      We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However,
      we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we
      could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to
      access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
      personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you
      for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month
      if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you
      and keep you updated.
Complaints
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK
      regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with
      your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.