Privacy Policy
Fashmode Ltd T/A EGO Privacy Policy
Our contact details
Name: Fashmode Ltd T/A EGO
Address: Unit A1, Longford Trading Estate, Stretford, Manchester M32 0JT
E-mail:
help@ego.co.uk
The Type of personal information we collect
We currently collect and process the following information/data categories:
Identity
includes information such as: first name, last name, title, date of birth (optional)
Contact
includes information such as: email address, billing address, delivery address, location, country, telephone number
Financial
includes information such as: Billing addresses and masked card data. Please note we do not store payment methods data.
Transaction
includes information such as: details of your purchases and the fulfilment of your orders (such as basket number, order number, subtotal, title, currency, discounts, shipping, number of items, product number, single item price, category, tax etc.); payments to and from you and details of other products and services you have obtained from us, correspondence or communications with you in respect of your orders
Technical
includes information such as: details of the device(s) you use to access our services, your internet protocol (IP) address, login data, your username and password, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Usage
includes information such as: how and when you use our website/app, how you moved around it, what you searched for; website/app performance statistics, traffic, location, weblogs and other communication data
Marketing and Communications
includes information such as: your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
How we get the personal information and why we have it
Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you for one of the following reasons:
To process and deliver your order, and manage after-sale processes
To manage website personalisation and provide the best on-site experience
To improve our website performance and debug issues by analysing and testing user behaviour
To deliver the most relevant content for you
For further details on uses of data collection, please visit our Cookie Policy page at
https://ego.co.uk/cookies
Under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing this information are:
Your consent. You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting
help@ego.co.uk
, or visiting https://ego.co.uk/cookies to change or withdraw your consent.
We have a contractual obligation.
We have a legal obligation.
We have a vital interest.
We need it to perform a public task.
We have a legitimate interest.
How we store your personal information
Your information is securely stored in our CRM and Order Management Systems, as well as in our cloud-based infrastructure. We keep your personal information for 2 years.
We will then dispose your information by securely deleting all data.
For full technical details regarding the length of storage for various data, please visit our detailed Cookie Policy page at
https://ego.co.uk/cookies
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access
- You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
- You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
- You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
Please contact us at
help@ego.co.uk
if you wish to make a request.
How to complain
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us at
help@ego.co.uk
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website:
https://www.ico.org.uk