We attach great importance to the protection of users'
                personal information. We will protect your personal information and privacy in accordance with the
                provisions of laws and regulations and with reference to the industry's mature security standards. We
                have formulated this Privacy Policy and specifically note that we hope you will read and understand this
                Privacy Policy carefully before using the relevant services, so that you can make an appropriate choice.
                If you do not agree with any of the contents of this Privacy Policy, we will not be able to provide you
                with products and/or services, and you should immediately stop using our products and/or services. By
                using our products and/or services, you signify that you have fully understood and agreed to this
                Policy.
This Privacy Policy is closely related to your use of the
                services provided by the Software. Please be sure to carefully read and thoroughly understand this
                Privacy Policy (especially the contents in bold) and make sure that you understand our rules for
                handling your personal information and other information, and use the relevant services of the Software
                after you have fully understood and agreed. If you do not agree with any content of this Privacy Policy,
                please click "Disagree and exit" to immediately stop using the services provided by the software. If you
                agree to all contents of this Privacy Policy, please click "Agree", which means that you have fully
                understood and agreed to all terms of this Policy.
This privacy policy will help you understand the
                following
. How do we collect and use personal information
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal
                information
How we store personal information.
How do we keep our personal information safe
Manage your personal information
How do we protect minors
Privacy policy review and revision
Contact us
How do we collect and use personal information
When you use the software related services, we will
                collect information according to the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity
(I) Ensure the normal operation of relevant services of
                the Software
In order to ensure your normal use of the software related
                services, we will collect your device model, hardware serial number, MAC address, operating system
                version, unique device identifier (IMEI, AndroidID, IDFA, IDFV, OAID, SIM card IMSI information).
UUID and required mobile application list. Please
                understand that this information is the basic information we must collect to provide services and ensure
                the normal operation of products.
(2) User feedback
When you contact us through user feedback, we may save
                your communication and call records and content or the contact information you left, so that we can
                contact you or help you solve problems, or record the solution and results of related problems.
(3) Ensuring the safety of products, services and
                users
1. In order to help us better understand the operation of
                services related to the software and ensure the safety of operation and service provision, we may record
                network log information, as well as the frequency of using the software and related services, crash
                data, overall installation, usage, performance data and other information.
2. In order to save your traffic usage, the App needs to
                read your network status information when using, including your current WiFi connection SSID, BSSID, and
                wifi information obtained through GetConnectionInfo.
(4) Special instructions
You can choose whether to authorize or not. If you do not
                allow relevant authorization, we will not obtain your relevant information. You can normally use the
                software, but you may not be able to enjoy the specific services related to the permission provided by
                the software. After obtaining your authorization, we will reasonably and properly use the relevant
                information for the services of the software.
Information that cannot be identified individually or in
                combination with other information is not personal information under the law. When your information can
                be identified by you alone or in combination with other information, or when we use data that has no
                connection with any specific individual in combination with your personal information, we will treat and
                protect it as your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Second, our use of cookies and similar technologies
We do not use cookies and related technologies.
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose
                personal information
(1) The total
We promise to keep your information confidential in
                accordance with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory provisions. In order to provide you with
                various services of the software, you agree and authorize us to share your personal information with our
                affiliated parties and cooperative organizations.
We will not share your personal information with any
                company, organization or individual, except under one or more of the following circumstances:
1. We have obtained your authorization in advance.
2. Requests made by you or your guardian
3. Necessary sharing with partners:
You understand and acknowledge that in order to provide
                you with more perfect and high-quality products and services, we will authorize our partners to provide
                you with some services. In this case, we may share some of your personal information with partners or
                access third party SDKS to provide better customer service and user experience.