Founded in 2016, based in New Jersey and having presence across globe. Life is too short to make bad apps and web portals. In the supply of ho-hum projects, we don’t settle for good.
info@kitlabs.us
+1-510-854-8872 OR +1-5108-KITUSA
Events
Book Us
Request a Quote
Support Plans
KIT Support
Privacy Policy
General
We at
Krescent IT Labs
. are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We do collect your personal information and process your personal information and data in accordance with the IT Act, 2000 and other national and states laws that relate to the processing of personal data. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practice regarding your personal data.
We collect your personal information to provide and continually improve our services.
Our Privacy policy is subject to change at any time. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy timely.
All partner firms and any third-party working or for us, and who have access to personal information, will be expected to read and comply with           this policy.
Information we Collect
a)
The specific personal information you provide while using our site includes: First name, last name, and job title, email address, mobile number,               postcode, preferences, and interests.
b)
We automatically collect information using “Cookies”. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive the websites. Among other things,                 cookies help us improve our site, our marketing activities, and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to         count visits to our site.
c)
By using this website, you agree that We may advertise your feedback on the Website and marketing materials.
How we use this information:
a)
We require this information to enhance our products and services,  and in particular to personalize the webpage in line with your needs.
b)
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you to carry out market research. We can get in touch with you via e-mail, phone, or fax.
c)
We use the information we collect primarily to provide, maintain, protect, and improve our current products and services.
d)
We use the information collected through this website as described in this policy and we may use your information to improve our services, site, and how we operate our business.
Cookies:
a)
To optimize our web presence, we use cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer’s main memory. This allows us to improve your access to our site.
b)
Approved third parties also may set cookies when you interact with Our services.
c)
Third parties include search engines, providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, and advertising companies.
Changes to this Policy:
We may change this policy from time to time. You agree that your continued use of our services after such changes have been published to our services will constitute your acceptance of such revised policy. If you have any concerns about privacy or grievances with us, please contact us with a thorough description.
We're offline
Leave a message