Privacy POLICY
Last Updated: January 07, 2024
At DreamDiscover, we take your privacy seriously and are committed to
						protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect,
						how we use and share it, and the choices you have associated with it.
By using this Application, or any products, services, sites, features, or
						functionality associated in addition to that (collectively, the
						“Application”), you agree to be bound by this DreamDiscover Company.
						Mobile Privacy Policy (“Mobile Privacy Policy”) in addition to other
						DreamDiscover Company privacy policies or terms of use made available to
						you in connection with the Application or any web-based version of the
						Application. Certain features of the Application may require you to be a
						registered member or provide personal information.
This Mobile Privacy Policy describes how the Application collects, uses,
						shares, and manages your information.
I.  Data Collection and Use.
We may collect and store some or all of the following information you make
						available to us:
Information you provide when you contact us for help
In addition, the Application may collect and store additional information
						automatically, such as:
Anonymous usage data, such as which affirmations you view and how
							long you spend using the app, through Firebase analytics.
Anonymous login data, such as your unique Firebase ID, through
							Firebase anonymous login.
Anonymous purchase data, such as the affirmation packs you buy and
							the price you paid, through RevenueCat.
Information about how you use the Application (for example, how many
							times you use the Application each day)
Our service providers and we may use this information to operate and improve
						the Application, our other sites, applications, products, and services
						or to contact you from time to time to provide you with important
						information, notices, and marketing promotions. The Application may
						allow third parties to collect any of the information described above to
						give parts of our services as well as to provide analytical data about
						your use of the Application back to us.
Advertising.
The Application is supported via advertising
						and collects data to help the Application serve and display ads. We may
						work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application
						is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with
						advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who need to know how
						you interact with the Application and your device, which helps us keep
						the cost of the Application low or free. Advertisers and advertising
						networks may access and use the information made available by you or
						collected by the Application, including the unique device or advertising
						identifier associated with your device and your precise location
						information, in order to help analyze and serve targeted advertising on
						the Application and elsewhere (including third-party sites and
						applications). We encourage you to review your device and Application
						settings to ensure they are consistent with your preferences, including
						concerning the collection and use of such information. We may also share
						encrypted versions of information we have collected in order to enable
						our partners to append other available information about you for
						analysis or advertising-related use (on or off the Application,
						including third-party sites and applications). You may stop the further
						collection of certain information by the Application by updating your
						applicable device or Application settings, or you may uninstall the
						Application.
Third-party and social services.
The Application may utilize
						social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to
						third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by DreamDiscover
						Company. DreamDiscover Company has no control over and assumes no
						responsibility for any share functionality, content, privacy policies,
						or practices of any third-party site. You are subject to the policies of
						those third parties when and where applicable. By using the Application,
						you expressly relieve DreamDiscover Company from any and all liability
						arising from using any share functionality or third-party site accessed
						from the Application.
Children.
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit
						data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or
						guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
						information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
						support@dreamdiscover.ai
II.  Sharing Information.
We may share the information
						you provide or that we collect:
with advertisers, third-party advertising networks, and analytics
							companies as described above;
to improve your experience with our Applications, products, and
							services;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to
							protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
							investigate fraud or other security issues, or respond to a
							government request, a subpoena, or similar legal process;
with our service providers who work on our behalf and do not have an
							independent right to use the information we disclose to them;
							for example, they may handle credit card processing, data
							management, feature administration, email distribution, market
							research, information analysis, and promotions management
if we or the Application are involved in a merger, acquisition, or
							sale of all or a portion of applicable stock or assets.
III. Managing Your Information.
We retain information for as
						long as required, allowed, or we believe it helps, but we do not
						undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of information at our
						discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically
						requires the handling or retaining of information. You must keep your
						own separate backup records. Please note that some or all of the data
						you provided may be required in order for the Application to function
						properly or may be retained in backup storage. If you reside outside the
						U.S., your information will be transferred to the U.S. and processed and
						stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application, you
						consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the U.S. We are
						concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We
						provide industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural
						safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For
						example, we take reasonable measures to limit access to this information
						to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that
						information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.
						Please be aware that although we endeavor to provide reasonable security
						for the information we process and maintain, no security system can
						prevent all potential security breaches.
IV. Updates and Contact.
This Mobile Privacy Policy may be
						updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any
						changes to this Mobile Privacy Policy by posting the new version in or
						via the Application. Please consult this Mobile Privacy Policy regularly
						for any changes. For questions about this Mobile Privacy Policy, please
						get in touch with us at support@dreamdiscover.ai. We will do our best to
						respond promptly and professionally to answer your questions and resolve
						your concerns. In the unfortunate and unlikely event that we cannot
						resolve your problems, please get in touch with
support@dreamdiscover.ai
‍