Read this in other languages:
English
,
日本語
*
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines how Masaya Nagaoka ("us", "we", or "our") collects, uses, and protects information in
        relation to our mobile application.
1. Information Collection and Use
We collect various types of information for different purposes to provide and improve our application.
Personal Data
We may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you
        ("Personal Data"). This may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
2. Information Use
We use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our application
To notify you about changes to our application
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our application when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our application
To monitor the usage of our application
To detect, prevent, and address technical issues
3. Data Sharing
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. However, we may share aggregated demographic
        information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business
        partners and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above.
4. Your Rights
You have the right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal data. You also have the right to
        object to processing of your personal data, request restriction of processing your personal data or request
        portability of your personal data.
5. Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
6. Policy Updates
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
        Policy on this page.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Address：If there is an inquiry by e-mail, etc., we will disclose it without delay.
Developer name：Masaya Nagaoka
E-mail：creativival@gmail.com