Privacy Policy
This website is owned and run by Think Shape Ltd. The term “our online services” refers to
www.think-shape.com
website, our desktop, mobile and tablet applications, our pages on third party social media platforms such as Instagram and Facebook and any other websites or apps we own or run from time to time. The term “our services” refers to our online services and any of our other products and services, such events, offered from time to time. If you use any of our services, we will refer to you using the terms “user”, “visitor”, “you”, “your”, “yours” in this policy.
We respect the privacy rights of our visitors and customers and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about them. This privacy policy is about how we collect, store, and use the personal information that you provide to us.
If you are under 16, you must inform a parent or guardian about our privacy policy to obtain their agreement to the privacy policy before registering, subscribing or placing an order with us.
What personal data we collect from you and why
Personal data is collected from you when you create a customer account, place an order or subscribe for one of our services, buy a gift voucher, use our online services, interact with us in any other way, such as via social media, click on an advert that we put on our or someone else’s website, ask for information or assistance, give us a testimonial or other feedback, comment on any blogs or articles featured in our services, attend an event that we run or sponsor, enter competitions or special promotions, sign up to our newsletter, special offers or updates, participate in research panels or fill in surveys or apply for a job. By creating an account, subscribing or using our services, you consent to the use of your personal data in line with this policy.
The information we collect and hold about you may include your name, email address, phone and mobile phone numbers, home address, shipping and payment card billing address, payment card details, IP address, search criteria, shopping history, shopping preferences, the type of browser you use (a browser is the program you use to look at websites, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox or Safari), the times when you access the site and for how long, your referring URL (the site you come from to reach our website, such as Google search), location information, photographs and other content you share with us when you use our services, date of birth, password details, answers to security questions and any other information you may give us.
What we do with your data
Whenever you give us your personal information we will use it in accordance with applicable privacy laws and for the purposes set out in this policy.
Your information will be used in the first place to provide the products, services or information you have asked for. We may store and use it for several purposes, including: accounting, billing, reporting and audits; credit, debit or other payment card verification and screening; safety, security, training, administrative and legal purposes; developing, testing and maintaining systems; customer surveys; customer care and to help us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preferences; where required by law or in connection with legal proceedings or disputes; and any other uses set out in the terms and conditions for use of our services. For these purposes we may disclose your information to one or more of the other organisations listed in the section called “Who has access to your data”.
If you give us feedback, we may use it to improve our services and we may publish it online or offline to promote our business and our services.
If you follow us or interact with us on any of our pages on third party social media platforms, such as Instagram and Facebook, information you provide will be subject to the platform’s own privacy policy, as well as this privacy policy.
We use online advertising to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find the Think Shape app.
You may see Think Shape banners and ads when you are on other websites such as Social Media. We manage this through a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges.
For more information on our use of advertising technologies and Cookies, please see our cookie notice.
Every now and again, we may ask you for your opinion on our services and the products you have purchased through our services.
We do not save payment card details or share, sell or lease your personal data except where detailed in this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing. At all times, we will offer you the opportunity to unsubscribe from any service or update to which you have subscribed, if you change your mind. Whenever you receive direct marketing from us, we will tell you how to unsubscribe.
Where we process your data
When we use your information as described in this policy, this may involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). When we do this, we make sure that our data processors have taken appropriate steps to protect your personal information and your rights. By providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information outside the EEA. Governments in certain countries such as the USA have broad powers to access data for security, crime prevention and detection and law enforcement purposes.
Who has access to your data
General enquiries by email or via our ‘Contact Us’ form are processed by our customer service team internally. We work with certain 3rd party service provider partners for the above mentioned purposes only. Our service providers use your data solely to operate the services we ask them to perform and act in compliance with applicable privacy laws and take the confidentiality of your data as seriously as we do.
Service providers who may have access to personal information acquired through our website(s) are:
Our newsletter subscriber database is managed by Mailerlite. If you choose to subscribe to our email newsletter, you can change your mind and unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time by contacting us or using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. You can find out more about how Mailerlite is GDPR compliant
here
.
Our online services are hosted and provided by Google Cloud. If you set up an account with us, this information will be visible to Google Cloud. You can find out more about how Google Cloud processes data
here
.
Our payment services are hosted and provided by Stripe. If you set up an account with us, this information will be visible to Stripe for the purposes of processing your payment. You can find out more about how Stripe processes data
here
.
Customer order data including email address, geographical data associated with orders but be accessed by our accountant and business consultants (details or available on request) and may use it for our internal business purposes which may include financial reporting and analysis, strategic planning, research and analytics, to help us source the right products in future and make better product recommendations. These parties are bound by our privacy and data protection commitments detailed in this policy.
When you browse any website, by default your computing device will also send information to us, such as your IP address and other device specific information in order to enable the website to function as it should. However, this only identifies devices not the people who use them. Google Analytics collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns to help us improve visitor experience Cookies also enable us to improve the usability of our website. Please note that when you send an email to us, it is transmitted from server to server as it crosses the Internet. Along the way, server administrators can read what you send and we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur whilst data is being transferred.
We collect, and use third parties to collect and share with us, information from lots of visitors to our online services and analyse it to build up a picture of how people use our websites. This helps us improve the services we offer. We may also give anonymous statistics about visitors to other, reputable organisations, but the information we provide will not include details that would allow these organisations to identify you.
If you choose to make a customer account with us via our website(s), you remain responsible for keeping your log-in details and password confidential. Please note that our sites may contain links to other sites of interest. However, once you leave our site, we do not have any control over those other sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy notice.
Breaches of security
If for some reason we experience a breach in our security, we will fulfill our legal obligation to inform the data protection supervisory authority, The UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) within 72 hours. We will inform you if there is a possibility that you might have been or you have been harmed by any breach.
How you can access, edit or erase your personal data
You have the right to see information we hold about you.
You have the right to rectify your personal details. If for any reason you are concerned that the information we hold is not correct, please visit our website and, after logging into your account on the home page, your personal information will be made available for review and change. Only you or, upon your request, our customer services team, may access your personal data.
You have the right to fully erase your personal data in certain circumstances.
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.  You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. You also have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay for exercising these rights. If you make a request we have one month to respond to you.
If you have a request please contact us (details given at the end of this document).
Deleting your account
To permanently delete your account and all associated personally identifiable data, please follow the steps outlined below:
Navigate to your profile by selecting the account icon located on the bottom tab bar within the app.
Choose the 'Delete my account' option.
Please note: Upon confirming this action, your account and profile data will be irreversibly deleted. We will not be able to recover or restore this information once the process is completed.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. We do not approve any other websites and we are not responsible for any information, material, products or services that are on or accessible through those websites or for the privacy practices of websites run by other organisations. If you use these other websites you do so at your own risk.
This notice is effective from 1st May 2023. We will review it regularly and will update it when necessary, so you may wish to review it before sharing new personal information to us.
Subscribing to our e-newsletter
If you subscribe to our email newsletter, we send you emails about new products, special offers, events or other things which we think you'll think is interesting using the email address which you have provided. But we’ll only send a newsletter if we have something to say. We hate too-frequent newsletters as much as you do!
You can change your mind and unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time by contacting us or using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be on your computer's hard drive. Cookies help websites to respond to you as an individual, remembering what products you looked at or what your username is. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than data you choose to share with us. Without cookies you will not be able to browse the website or use features such as shopping basket and wish list.  Cookies also help us analyse how customers use our site, which allows us to continuously improve our site and your shopping experience. Cookies also ensure the website can remember preferences that you make (for example your username, language or country) which makes your shopping experience simpler and easier for you.  Most major websites use cookies.
Important: By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device and access them when you visit the site in the future.
We use cookies for marketing and advertising, particularly web banner advertisements and targeted updates through digital channels and social media.  If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser.  Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site. More Information on controlling cookies is available at
www.aboutcookies.org
.
How to contact us
Think Shape Ltd
East Lodge
Kartway House
Lugwardine
Herefordshire
HR1 4AD
hello@think-shape.com
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us using the details above.
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website:
https://www.ico.org.uk