Privacy Policy
General
At CodeStack AI, we know how much you care about your personal information, so we have prepared this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share it with third parties. We want to show you that we handle your personal information in a confidential and responsible way and that any processing of your personal information happens in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") as well as local information privacy laws such as the Austrian data protection act ("DSG") and the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").To avoid unauthorized access to your personal data and generally secure such data, we use encrypted transmission and encrypted storage. Those safety measures are constantly revised to comply with the latest technological developments. We may update our privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we do this and the changes are material, we will post a notice that we have made changes to this privacy policy on the Websites for at least 7 days after the changes are made, ask for your consent, and indicate the date these terms were last revised at the bottom of the privacy policy. Any revisions to this privacy policy will become effective the earlier of (i) the end of that 7-day period or (ii) the first time you access or use the Services after any such changes.
Information we collect
When you register for, access, or use the Services, we process certain of your personal information (“Data” or “Information”). If you visit the Websites, we process only Data that your browser communicates to our servers. We collect the following Data, which is necessary for us in order to display the Website correctly and guarantee the necessary stability and safety: • IP address; • date and time stamp; • time difference to GMT; • requested site; • access status/HTTP status code; • transmitted data volume; • site from which the request was sent; • browser; • operating system and interface; and • language and version of the browser software.Depending on your choice of registration, we process the following Data: CodeStack AI: • email address and full name. Apple single sign-on application: • email address and full name (unless hidden) • language, country, time zone; • devices, browser, IP address; Facebook single sign-on application: • email address, full name, gender, age range; • language, country, time zone; • devices, browser, IP address; • third-party ID; and • profile picture, cover picture. Google single sign-on application: • email address, full name, gender; • language, country, time zone; • IP address; and • profile picture.
Information we Share
The processing of Data pursues the following purposes ("Purposes"): • providing the Services; • customer relations management (e.g. support); • marketing for our own products (newsletters, push messages); • personalizing your experience of the Services; • research and development; • communicating with you about the Services; • market, promote and drive engagement with the Services; • ensuring safety and security; and • protecting our legitimate business interests and legal rights.The lawfulness of processing (Art. 6 GDPR) stems from • the consent pursuant para. 1 subpara. a GDPR upon registration; • the necessity for the performance of contract fulfillment pursuant para 1 subpara. b GDPR, as your Data is needed for a satisfactory use of the Services; and/or • the necessity for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company or by a third party.
We transmit Data to third parties only if this is necessary for the Purposes, due to a request from a national authority, due to a court ruling, or if you have consented beforehand. For some tasks we use the help of carefully chosen and instructed third parties (e.g. analytics services and tax advisors). Some of these third parties are based in the United States. Therefore, Data is transferred to third parties in third countries, all of which adhere to the EU-US privacy shield (see https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome for more information):
Updating or deleting Information
We store your Data as long as you are a registered user of the Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development during your membership, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal details about you.
After you have deleted your account we only store Data if it is legally necessary (because of warranty, limitation or retention periods) or otherwise required.
Data will be deleted if you (a) revoke your consent to the storage (b) Data is not needed to fulfill the user contract concerning the Services anymore, or (c) the storage is or becomes legally impermissible. A deletion request does not affect Data, if the storage is legally necessary, for example for accounting purposes.
Rights
To exercise the rights defined in Section 6.2 to 6.8, please send a request via email to the Email Address or via letter mail to the address provided in the legal notice on the Website (https://getCodeStack AI.com/legal). You can revoke the consent for future data processing at any time. However, this does not affect the lawfulness of Data processing based on the consent before the revocation. Should the processing of Data be lawful due to another reason stated in 4.2, we may continue to process your Data on these grounds. You have the right to obtain (i) confirmation as to whether or not your Data is being processed by us and, if so, (ii) more specific information on the Data. The more specific information concerns, among others, processing purposes, categories of Data, potential recipients or the duration of storage. You have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate Data concerning you. In case the Data processed by us is not correct, we will rectify these without undue delay and inform you of this rectification. If you decide you do not want us to process your data any further, please send a request via email to the Email Address or via letter mail to the address provided in the legal notice on the Website (https://getCodeStack AI.com/legal). We will erase your Data immediately and inform you of this process. Should mandatory provisions of law prevent such erasure, we will inform you without undue delay thereof. You have the right to obtain from us a restriction of processing of your Data in the following cases: • You make an inquiry pursuant, if you so request; • you are of the opinion, that the processing of your Data is unlawful, but are opposed to an erasure of Data; • you still require the Data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or • you have objected to the processing pursuant .You have the right to (i) receive your Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) transmit those Data to another controller without hindrance from us.You have the right to object at any time to the processing of Data based on our legitimate interests, including profiling and direct marketing purposes.You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you think that the processing of Data infringes applicable law, especially the GDPR.
Cookies
The Websites may use cookies, small text files that are placed on your computer, smartphone and/or stored by the browser. If the respective server of our Website is again accessed by you, your browser sends the afore received cookie back to the server. The server can evaluate the information received in this manner in various ways. Cookies can, for example, be used in order to manage advertisements on the Website or to facilitate navigation on a webpage. You can disable the cookies by entering the corresponding settings in your browser software (e.g. in Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, or Safari). However, in this case you may jeopardize the use of the complete range of functions on the Websites.
Contact
To understand more about the privacy policy, access your personal information, ask questions about our privacy practices, or issue a complaint, please contact our data protection officer within the meaning of the GDPR at info@codeninjacoaching.com. This privacy policy was last modified on October 20, 2023