Last updated July 13, 2023
Privacy Policy
At Cowboy, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our riders. This Privacy Policy document contains
        types of information that is collected by Bikey App. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
        bikey@cowboy.com.
User data
Bikey App does not store any passwords. Any data — including bike's encryption key — will only ever be stored on the user's device and is not stored or logged by the platform's servers.
Data privacy
Even if you use your VanMoof credentials to collect your bike information, no data will be visible to others or saved on our servers. Actually, at no point our data will reach our servers. We do not sell any user data with third parties in order to protect your privacy.
Background usage
The app requires the device's background activity permission for features such as knowing your lock state, which actively use Bluetooth in the background. Location data will never be saved anywhere.
Third-party
Some third-party services use cookies to make sure our services function correctly. Some cookies may only be used.
            They often automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. As the name suggests, we are not associated
            with any of these third-party companies. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
VanMoof
Google
Bikey App's Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites or services. Thus, we are advising you to consult the
            respective Privacy Policies of these third-party services for more detailed information. It may include their
            practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. Note that our company has no access to or
            control over these cookies that are used by third-party services.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and
            guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. If you are under the age
            of 13, you are obligated to ask parental permission before using our platform or its services. If you think that
            your child provided information to our service without permission, we strongly encourage you to contact us
            immediately, and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove this information.
Consent
By using our platform, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy.
Download now