Privacy
p
olicy
Version: V1.0
U
pdate
date
:
2023/7/7
E
ffective
date
:
2023/7/7
The following uses
“
this application
”
to refer to the Spider proxy app and related services
					involved.
1. Data storage
This application focuses on the privacy of personal data. All HTTP(S)
					requests you use Spider proxy sniffing are only stored locally. Spider proxy does not connect to any
					remote VPN server.
When you use the software to generate data, you are deemed to have
					agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the
					software service use agreement.
2. Data collections
In order to ensure the stability of the application, the application
					will use some third-party services, such as Fabric for crash collection and Cloudkit to do some
					lightweight data storage, which will only collect the user's error data (the cause of the crash) and
					the necessary device information (device model, operating system version number).
3. Legal provisions
Since the application is globally released, you must comply with the
					legal provisions of your country. In particular, in China, in order to maintain online public order
					and social stability, please consciously abide by the following terms:
(
Ⅰ
)
This application shall not be used to endanger national security,
					disclose state secrets, infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of national social
					collectives and citizens, and shall not use this application to produce, copy and disseminate the
					following information:
(1)
Inciting resistance or undermining the implementation of the
					Constitution, laws and administrative regulations;
(2)
Inciting subversion of state power and overthrowing the socialist
					system;
(3)
Inciting secession or undermining national unity;
(4)
Inciting national hatred and discrimination, and undermining national
					unity;
(5)
Fabricating or distorting facts, spreading rumors, and disturbing
					social order;
(6)
Promoting feudal superstition, obscenity, pornography, gambling,
					violence, homicide, terror and incitement to commit crimes;
(7)
Publicly insulting others or fabricating facts to slander others, or
					carrying out other malicious attacks;
(8)
Damage to the reputation of state organs;
(9)
Other violate the Constitution, laws and administrative
					regulations;
(
Ⅱ
)
It is forbidden to sabotage the application in any way.
(
Ⅲ
)
It is forbidden to imitate or plagiarize the application in any form,
					causing damage to the intellectual property rights of the application.
(
Ⅳ
)
Do not use this software to engage in activities that violate national laws, such as pornography, gambling, illegal computer network intrusion, tampering, etc. All consequences caused by it are not related to the author. Please consciously create a harmonious and benign online marketing environment. Once illegal behavior is discovered, the author has the right to ban the account and pursue legal responsibility. If any relevant illegal activities are found, please contact spider@zhugeculture.com We will collect evidence to ban the account and transfer it to the public security organs for handling.