PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 28 June 2024
Throughout this Privacy Policy we refer to “Services”, which means our websites, game services, surveys, promotions, contests, purchases, community support, and other activities related to [Sword of Convallaria] (the Game). Also, when we use the terms “XD”, “we”, “us” or their derivatives, we are referring to XD Entertainment Pte. Ltd and XD’s affiliates. Affiliate in this Privacy Policy shall mean an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with XD Entertainment Pte. Ltd hereto.
With so many users using XD Services, we, XD, understand the importance of your privacy and respect the privacy and security of every user. Maintaining the privacy and the trust of our users is important to us. This Privacy Policy summarizes our policies and processes on how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal information.
IT IS IMPORTANT FOR YOU TO UNDERSTAND HOW THIS HAPPENS AND HOW YOU MAY CONTROL IT. AND BY ACCESSING OUR WEBSITES OR OTHERWISE, USING OUR SERVICES AND CLICKING “AGREE” BUTTON ON THE POP-UP WINDOW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND ACCEPTED THE FOLLOWING TERMS. IN THE CASE YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS, YOU MAY IMMEDIATELY STOP USING OUR SERVICES.
Our Services are not designed for Minor, and since a “Minor” is usually considered to be under the age of [16（EEA）/13 (the USA and other countries or regions)/12 (Brazil and other countries or regions) Subject to the laws of your country] under applicable law of most regions, we do not directly provide Services to Minor under the age of [16/13/12] If you are under the [16/13/12] you shall ask for the consents of your parent or legal guardian before using our Services. We also do not knowingly collect Data from Minor through the Service. If you are the parent or guardian of a Minor and you believe that we have inadvertently received your child’s information, please contact us through the methods listed in Section IX. We will delete the Data from our records as soon as possible after verifying your identity. If you are not a parent or legal guardian but believe that we might possess any Data from or about a Minor under the age of [16/13/12], you are also encouraged to contact us as well. We encourage parents to instruct their Children to never give out personal data when online.
IN THE EVENT OF A MERGER, ACQUISITION, REORGANIZATION, BANKRUPTCY OR OTHER SIMILAR EVENT, WE WILL MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT IN ADVANCE, DISCLOSE THE DETAILS OF THE EVENT AND INFORMATION ABOUT THE SUCCESSOR, AND WITH THE EXPRESS CONSENT OF YOU OR YOUR GUARDIAN IN ADVANCE AGAIN, YOUR PERSONAL DATA MAY TRANSFER TO THE SUCCESSOR OF XD.
I. About This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, protect, and store your Personal Information (defined below) and how we comply with applicable data protection laws. It does not apply to other non-XD service providers, including third-party services as described in Section II, which may be embedded in our Services in the form of Software Development Kit (“SDK”), Application Programming Interface (“API”) or directly linked to our Services. Those third-party service providers may access your data as data controller and operate under their own privacy policies, and you can refer to Section IV for more details.
XD’s Privacy Policy does not include the privacy policies of third-party service providers, nor does it bear any joint liability for them. If you need to exercise related rights or think that third-party service providers infringe your rights, please contact their corresponding DPO.
II. What Data We Collect and Process
Personal information may be collected from you during your use of the Service, including, during (a) the registration process, (b) promotional activities, (c) customer support and technical service requests, and/or (d) ordering and use of products and other services, or from and through third-party service providers and partners.
We may also collect information that does not generally identify you but may become associated with your account. We reserve the right to use information that does not generally identify you in connection with any lawful purpose.
1.Information We Need You to Provide or Information You Provide to Us Voluntarily
For using XD’s Services, we may ask you to provide necessary information or you may provide information to us voluntarily. In general, we will collect the following information that you may provide to us :
1)
Information You give us when register for the Game and set up your profile for the Game:
your nominated nickname, and information we import from your connected social media account in order to set up your profile, including your nickname as it appears on your social media profile, your profile picture, etc. For certain regions, you may also be asked to provide us with your date of birth (stored device-side only) to verify your age and for administration of the gameplay management system (subject to local legal requirements). You also provide us with additional information when you set up your profile for the Game (including information you voluntarily elect to provide, such as gender) or your nickname when you log-in as a ‘guest’ in order to use the Game.
2)
Information you provide when you contact our support team or DPO team:
Information that you provide in your communications; Specifically, For requests relevant to data or privacy subject, we may collect information to verify your identity, your rights and to process the requests, including country/region, alias, user email address, screenshot of Game, account ID, account registration date, account balance, request details, and if applicable, name of requestor, email address of requestor, requestor’s relationship with user, proof of requestor’s identity, proof of user’s identity and requestor’s authority.
3)
Information you provide when participating in-game surveys, sweepstakes events, game-based event, etc.:
When you participate in a survey we will process the information you provide to us as part of the survey, such as country, age, gender, profession and email address; When you participate in one of our sweepstakes events, you may provide us with information such as email address, Open ID, phone number, mailing address and country; If you participate in our game-based events, to send you digital prize(s) if you win such prize(s), we may collect and process your email address and telephone number; to deliver physical prize(s) if you win such prize(s), we may collect and process your name (as shown on your passport), email address, telephone number, mailing address and postal code. You understand and agree that you may refuse to provide the above information, but it will result in us being unable to mail such prize(s) to you.
2.Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect certain data from you when you use the Services, namely:
1)
IP address
: we collect IP address to allow you to connect to the Game server; and suggest your country/region when you seek to change your location setting.
2)
Device information
: such as application version, battery level, WiFi strength, available space, network type, OS version, platform, carrier, country code, series ID, Android ID, IDFV, WiFi SSID (stored device-side only) and time zone settings, registration time, login time.
3)
Battle Performance Information
: such as opening time, hero, player’s nickname, scores/badges earned, etc.
4)
Game play statistics
(e.g. level, scores, game settings).
5)
Transaction Records
: cost, product purchased, IP address, details of transactions linked to your player ID, and device details including OS version, phone model, device root status, etc. For security reasons and to better protect your privacy, we do not directly collect or store your payment information like valid credit card number, expiration date, etc.
6)
Malicious content information
: nicknames which is suspicious of containing malicious content such as the sale of plug-ins or pornographic or any other malicious contents as stipulated in the END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (we will detect if your nickname contains malicious information and changing it to its default setting and prompting you to change it subsequently if this is the case).
Please note that if certain features on the Services are provided by third parties, those third parties may also use automated means of data collection and may record information about your use of the Services over time. These features are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies.
3.Data We obtain From Third- Parties
We also may receive Personal Information from or through certain third-party service providers (such as Social Media Platforms, third-party payment platforms, Advertising Partners, etc.) which provide us services in support of the operation of XD Services:
1)Data we imported from the Social Media [(Sign-in with [TapTap, Apple, Google]) via which you choose to log in XD Services (for sign-in with TapTap, we will import nickname in the profile, profile photo, and gender, etc.; for sign-in with Apple, we will import Apple ID, profile image, etc.; for sign-in with Google, we will import Google ID, profile image, etc.])
2)Malicious content/behavior information related to cheat and fraud and any other prohibited behaviors as stipulated in END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, such as video clips of suspected cheating behavior generated from user’s in-Game instructions detected by our third-party anti-cheating service provider.
3)Data from third-party payment platforms when you conduct any transaction within the Game to facilitate your transaction and to maintain transaction records.
4)Data to measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaign from our advertisement service provider.
5)Safety observation and security related information: such as game crashes and errors data.
We collect the above information for the purposes to update your profile, perform market analysis, and/or otherwise improve the XD Services. We abide by this Privacy Policy when we use Personal Information provided to us by third-parties.
Certain game features or third-party services embedded in our Services may require for the access to your Write/Read-External-Storage and other sensitive device or usage data, we will use a runtime permissions request whenever available, prior to accessing data gated by Android or IOS permissions. For example, if you want to store/read game data, or want to store/read/post/share photos or screenshots, you will be required to grant the Write/Read-External-Storage permission (or other similar permission with different name in the operating system), etc.
III.How does XD Use Your Personal Information?
1.We only collect, use, store, and process your Data based on:
1)The principle of lawfulness, fairness and transparency.
2)Your consent that we may obtain from you time to time.
3)Specified, explicit and legitimate purposes.
4)The extent that is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes, such as to perform the obligations under END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT and to provide our Services.
5)Your or our other legitimate interests.
6)Necessity for protecting the vital interests of you.
7)Other legal bases including if required under any law or required by governmental and regulatory bodies.
2.We need collect and use certain Personal Information to operate our business and to enhance and personalize your Service experience, such as:
1)Software: For example, identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors; provide software updates.
2)Account: Set up and maintain your accounts; activate or authenticate your games and save game progress and status; recover your account, locate your account when you receive rewards.
3)Gaming Functions: For example, facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices; enable online matchmaking; enable purchasing related functions; monitor, analyze, test, improve, and develop our Service, etc.
4)Marketing/Advertising(optional): For example, serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising; adhere to your preferences and to deliver dynamic and personalized content.
5)Solve In-game disputes: Keep our Services safe and fair, investigate and resolve disputes between you and other users as well as XD.
6)Compliance and security: help identify fraud and illegal behaviors, comply with the law or to enforce our agreements and policies, ensure the security of our services, to maintain a fair gaming environment in the Game and to prevent the sale of plug-ins or the availability of pornographic content on the services.
3.We need collect and use certain Personal Information to provide you with customer support, including:
1)Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or Services.
2)Collect your opinions through surveys or questionnaires.
3)Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions.
4)Share your related gaming experience.
5)Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.
For the purposes set forth above and to successfully operate the Services, our affiliates may be commissioned to access and process your information from time to time. All related affiliates may only use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In all of the above cases and purposes, you acknowledge and confirm that we may analyze, profile, segment, merge and/or update all collected data (regardless of an aggregated or individualized manner) for the purposes of improving service quality and providing a better experience to users.
EXCEPTION: IF WE IDENTIFY YOU AS A MINOR UNDER THE AGE OF 16, WE WILL NOT CONDUCT PERSONALIZED ANALYSIS AND PUSH SERVICES. IF YOU ARE THE GUARDIAN OF A MINOR, YOU CAN ALSO ASK US TO STOP THE ABOVE ANALYSIS AND SERVICES AFTER PROVING YOUR GUARDIANSHIP STATUS.
IV.Who May Access Your Personal Information?
In addition to XD and/or its affiliates, other parties may also access your personal data in the following situations. You acknowledge that you have foreseen and agreed to the occurrence of such disclosure when you provide your personal data.
1.Other Users
We strongly recommend that all users avoid posting personal or sensitive information at any time, do not use your real name when selecting a username or post your real name in public-facing areas of the Services, such as forums, chat rooms, or message boards, and
do not share anything private about yourself on such public platforms, including your phone number or address. Use usernames/nicknames instead of real names at all times
.
2.Competent Authorities
We may provide certain portion of your Personal Information to judicial or administrative authorities when we are required to do so by law, legal process, or a reasonable request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. Besides, we may disclose certain portion of your Personal Information within a strictly limited scope of recipients when we reasonably think it is necessary to protect us, our users or a portion of the public.
In addition to be required by applicable laws, we reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information in the cases if we, in our good faith, believe that disclosing such data is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you, if (a) you are violating any agreements between us, such as the END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT and this Privacy Policy or otherwise damage us; (b) you are infringing third parties’ rights and interests (including but not limited to intellectual property rights); and/or (c) we believe that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
We ensure that, even in this case, we will not provide your Personal Information to third parties.
3.Third-Party Service Providers
XD works with some (if any) third-party service providers and business partners to support the operation and provision of our Services. For example, we may share certain limited information, such as device identifiers, with marketing partners for purposes of executing and optimizing campaigns, and gauging the effectiveness of advertising and other marketing strategies solely on XD’s behalf. Other common examples include partners that assist with cloud storage, payment processing, and monitoring and securing the XD Services. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements and we do not share Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Besides, some of third-party services being linked to or embedded in XD Service may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other technologies to collect or receive data about you according to their own Privacy Policy, and we cannot control the information that these third parties collect or how they use that information.
We strongly encourage you to check their own Privacy Policies on their official websites and learn more about their data processing practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you discover that any third party collects or processes your Personal Information illegally or in a manner which worries you, you are encouraged to contact us, and we will make reasonable efforts to help you.
Main third-party services embedded in our Services which may collect your Personal Information and links to their Privacy Policy are as follows
(the concrete scope of Third-party services embedded in each XD Service may vary depending on the services we provide):
TapTap
Purpose of Collection: providing services of login, providing social features such as game community forum, content sharing and posting
Links to the Privacy Policy/ official sites:
https://www.taptap.io/privacy-policy
AppsFlyer
Purpose of Collection: executing and optimizing campaigns, and gauging the effectiveness of advertising and other marketing strategies solely on XD’s behalf
Links to the Privacy Policy/ official sites: https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Firebase
Purpose of Collection:  executing and optimizing campaigns, and gauging the effectiveness of advertising and other marketing strategies solely on XD’s behalf
Links to the Privacy Policy/ official sites:
https://firebase
.google.cn/policies/analytics?hl=en
FaceBook
Purpose of Collection: providing services of login, third-party social platform sharing service，executing and optimizing campaigns, and gauging the effectiveness of advertising and other marketing strategies solely on XD’s behalf
Links to the Privacy Policy/ official sites:
https://developers.facebook.com/terms/dfc_platform_terms/?locale=en
V. Data Storage, Cross-Board Transfer, Security and Retention
1.Storage and Cross-Board Transfer
Our Service is global by nature
and you understand and agree that we may store or process your Personal Information outside of the country where we collect it or in which you reside;
You hereby unconditionally agree and permit that we may transfer, share, disclose all or any of your Personal Information to third parties or service providers or other entities where necessary in relation to the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. As different countries may have different Data Protection and Privacy laws, policies, and other regulations, you are fully aware that applicable laws in some country may not offer you privacy protection which is in the same level as such offered in the country where you live or work. In such cases, we will take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data, for example, we will contractually oblige the receiving parties to ensure that same level of data protection is accorded to your information that is adhered to by us under applicable law. Further, we contractually ensure that such information is not disclosed, published, or transferred further.
2.Security Safeguard
Security of our users’ Personal Information is a priority at us, and we are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures such as access control, compressed encryption to help protect your data against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration. As part of our privacy compliance processes we review these security procedures on an ongoing basis to consider new technology and methods as necessary. Due to the continuous updating of technology, we will try our best to continuously improve our information protection measures. If we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. If there is a security breach, we may also post a notice on our Website or by other effective means to notify you for you to take steps to protect the safety of your information as well as your property. We will send an emergency report to authorities in case that the security breach is serious and assist authorities as well to take steps to prevent further harm.
3.Data Retention Policy
We will keep your personal information for as long as your account is active (login behavior for at least 12 months)or that information is necessary for us to provide you with the XD Services unless we receive your request to delete. And we will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or where a longer storage and retention period is required to comply with any statutory, regulatory, or legal obligations. After that, your personal information will be deleted, blocked or anonymized, as provided by applicable law.
In the case you request to remove or delete your personal information, we will retain your personal information as long as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce the agreements between us. Please note that the remove or deletion any of your personal information may result in the termination of some of our applicable services.
Information you have shared with others such as your chat logs with other users may continue to be retained for other users in the Services, even after your Account is cancelled. However, attribution of such information to you will be removed. Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers. Data protection and information security is important for us. While providing services to you and other users, we operate and maintain the Services or Game so as to protect Data and our systems from accidental or malicious loss and destruction. Therefore, as part of provision of Service and on account of overall safety of Data of all users, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
VI. What Rights do You Have to Your Personal Information?
1.Right to Access/Data Portability, Correct, Delete or Withdraw consent, Restrict/Object Processing
Subject to any limitations under applicable law, you have the right to request access to your Personal Information and exercise the following rights :
1)You have the right to access, correct or update your Personal Information. In many cases, you can review or update the Personal Information in your account by accessing your account online or contacting us.
2)You have the right to request deletion of your account and related Personal Information. If you choose to have your Personal Information removed from our active databases, subject to the terms and conditions as set forth in Section V, we will carry out your request within 30 days after we verify your identity unless otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations. After deletion, we will only retain necessary information to document your request and the actions we took to carry out your request. And you are fully aware that once your personal information is deleted, we will not be able to provide you with corresponding services or recover the information with current technology.
3)Where you have provided your consent to our collecting and processing of your personal information, you can always withdraw your consent at any time by turning off it in your mobile device settings or contact us through the methods listed in Section IX. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal. Upon receiving your request to withdraw your consent we will stop the process and delete the corresponding information as well.
4)You have the right to restrict certain processing of your Personal Information, and the right to object to some types of processing of your Personal Information subject to Section VI of this Privacy Policy.
5)You have the right to object to the usage of your Personal Information for marketing or advertising purposes.
You may exercise any of the rights described above by using any functionality available while using the Service and/or sending an email to the DPO email as listed in Section IX and we will respond within 30 days or other shorter period (if any) as required by applicable laws or policies in the country where you live or work after. To protect your privacy, we may need to take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Please note that we are legally prohibited from carrying out requested actions in some circumstances, including (i) when we are unable to confirm your identity; (ii) where the request is considered excessive, and (iii) where doing so would adversely affect the rights or freedoms of other individuals.
2.Additional Notice for Users Whose Data is Subject to California Law
The personal information that XD collects, uses and/or discloses and has collected, used, and/or disclosed from users as set forth above in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy, may include personal information as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), depending on how you have accessed the Services and interacted with us.
For purposes of the CCPA, we do not “sell” personal information and in the past twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy did not sell any personal information of our users, as defined under the CCPA. The California “Shine the Light” law also gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
In accordance with the CCPA or other applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of your personal information or ask us to send that information to another company; (iv) restrict our uses of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, depending on applicable law; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; and (vi) request erasure of personal information held about you by XD, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
XD will not discriminate against any user for exercising their rights under the CCPA, although some of the functionality and features available on the Services may change or no longer be available. Any differences in the Services are related to the value provided.
3.Right to Lodge a Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our collection, processing, or storage of your Personal Information with a data protection supervisory authority in the country where you live or work.
VII. How does XD Use Cookies or Similar Technologies
In order to measure the effectiveness of our services, some pages on our websites may use cookies, which are small text files for added functionality or for tracking site usage. We may use cookies and/or authorize third party’s tracking-utility, from time to time, (a) to log your IP address in determining the path that users take on our sites and identifying repeat users of our sites, (b) to collect the websites or sources that linked or referred you to our services, and/or (c) to collect technical data about the devices and software you use to access our services, the operating system of your devices, and other similar technical data. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not link your IP address to your other Personal Information. If you do not wish to accept cookies or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your web browser to do so, if your browser permits.
We use the cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to personalize your experiences on our services and for various other purposes, including:
1)remembering you: cookies, web beacons and similar technologies can help us identify you as a registered user or keep the preferences or data that you have previously provided.
2)analyzing how you use our services: we can use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to understand what visitors (including users) are doing on our services, or what pages or sections are most popular.
3)serving advertising: cookies, web beacons and similar technologies help us provide you with advertising that we believe is relevant to you or of interest to you, on the basis of your provided data; and/or
4)other related functions or purposes mentioned in Section II & III.
Our authorized third-party service providers or we may use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the services, prevent fraud and for other purpose mentioned above. Please note you can disable cookies in your browser settings, while some parts of the XD Services may then not function properly.
VIII. How Will XD notify You of Changes to this Privacy Policy?
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to accommodate changes in technology, law, our operations, or for any other reason we determine is necessary or appropriate, you agree to review it for the updates on this page frequently. We will indicate the last updated Date at the top of this page. For major updates, we may also notify you by placing a clear notice in the Services, sending private messages or e-mails, posting the new Privacy Policy on our websites, or other notification methods that may be appropriate based on the nature of the updates. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted, and your continuous use of any of the Services after the update will be deemed as your acceptance for the updated Privacy Policy unless material changes are involved, in which case we may obtain your consent again in the form of a pop-up window when you log into our Services.
IX. How Can You Contact XD?
If you have questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy and/or your rights, or you want to exercise any of the rights described above or if you have questions regarding your rights, Please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by sending an email to privacy@xd.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.taptap.io/privacy-policy:
Languages
Languages
English
日本語
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
TapTap Refund Policy
Community Management Rules
TAPTAP PRIVACY POLICY
Updated May 26, 2023
TapTap (“we”) highly values the privacy of our online visitors and users, and that is why we will protect your personal information by complying with applicable laws and implement industry accepted security standards. Our products and services are provided by TAPTAP PTE. LTD. with the registered address at 111 SOMERSET ROAD #05-11 SINGAPORE (238164).
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets out the basis which we may collect, use, disclose or otherwise process your personal data and help you understand the measures we take in acquiring, using, managing and protecting your personal information. However, this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to the people we do not employ or manage.
Please read carefully and make sure you understand the contents of this Policy before using our services. By registering or using our services, you expressly acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted the following terms. In the event you do not agree to any of the terms, you may immediately stop using our services.
Some key provisions regarding your personal information rights and interests are indicated in bold. Your use of such services shall constitute your acceptance of the provisions
.
To learn more, you may review the corresponding provisions through the following index:
DEFINITIONS
WHY WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION
THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND SOURCES WE COLLECT FROM
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE USE COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGY
HOW WE SHARE, TRANSFER AND DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW YOU CAN MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
PROTECTION OF MINORS
OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE
REVISIONS
SCOPE
CONTACT US
1.DEFINITIONS
Wherever we talk about “Personal Information” below, we mean any information that can either, by itself identify you as an individual (“Personally Identifying Information”) or that can be connected to you indirectly by linking it to Personally Identifying Information. We also process anonymous data, aggregated or not, to analyze and generate statistics related to the habits, usage patterns, and demographics of users as a group or as individuals. Such anonymous data does not allow the identification of the users to which it relates. We may share anonymous data, whether aggregated or not, with third parties.
2.WHY WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We generally do not collect your personal information unless, 1) it is provided to us voluntarily by you directly, 2) via a third party who has been duly authorised by you to disclose your personal data to us, or 3) where collection and use of personal information without consent is permitted or required by applicable laws.
On a lawful, reasonable and necessary basis, we will acquire information you provide, or information generated when using our service for the following non-exhaustive scenarios:
2.1 responding to, processing and handling applications, queries, requests, complaints or feedback;
2.2 verifying your identity;
2.3 managing your relationship with us;
2.4 processing your payment transactions;
2.5 performing obligations in the course of, or in connection with our provision of goods/services requested by you;
2.6 complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practices, guidelines or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
2.7 any other purposes for which you have provided the information;
2.8 Where it is necessary for the performance of the services to you, to provide a full-featured service and deliver associated content and services;
2.9 any other incidental business purposes related to or in connection with the above.
We shall seek your consent before collecting any additional personal information and before using your personal information for a purpose which has not been notified to you (except where permitted or authorised by law).
3.THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND SOURCES WE COLLECT FROM
Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, different types of personal data may be collected from you:
3.1 When you register for a TapTap account, we will obtain your nickname, birthday, and mobile phone number/email in order to help you complete registration, protect your TapTap account and provide you with continuous and stable services. You may also choose to provide such information as gender, region, profile picture, etc. at your discretion.
3.2 TapTap supports log-in with a third-party account (Google, etc.). If you opt to do so, we will obtain the relevant information (e.g. profile picture, nickname, OpenID, etc.) under the third-party account with your authorization per the applicable laws and regulations and bind such information to your TapTap account to allow quick login and to protect your account. If you refuse to grant such permissions, you may continue to use the TapTap application under the guest mode, however, you will be unable to log in to TapTap.
3.3 In order to ensure our service is available, maintain the sound operation of our service, and protect your account security when you use TapTap’s basic features or services, we will acquire such information as your device model, operating system, device settings, unique device identifier (e.g. AndroidID), MAC address, login IP address, the version number of software that provides TapTap service, application list, location of the device (e.g. sensor information such as WLAN access point, network quality data and base station), device environment, operation log, service log (when you access or use the products or services provided by our website or client, we will automatically acquire your detailed usage records and save it as a service log, e.g. search and view records on TapTap, service failure information, referral URL, telecom operator, language, etc.) and other information.
3.4 When you make a purchase from TapTap, we will obtain and store your transaction data such as purchase history, items, game title, payment method, transaction history etc. However, we do not retain your credit card or any third party payment services related data (e.g. third party login details), and at no point stores any credit card or third party payment services related data.
3.5 WHEN YOU USE TAPTAP TO RECORD GAME DURATIONS, YOU MAY AUTHORIZE US TO INVOKE THE
APPLICATION USAGE ACCESS
, AND WE WILL ACQUIRE THE DURATION YOU USE GAME APPLICATION TO PROVIDE YOU WITH DURATION DISPLAY SERVICES AND FOR PERSONALIZED RECOMMENDATIONS.
3.6 When you use the TapTap Search feature, we will acquire your search records, search keywords, browsing history and access time to show you your search history and provide you with more targeted and personalized recommendations.
3.7 When you use the TapTap Collection feature, we will obtain the collection content, record, and time, so that you can manage your preferences and enjoy a better access experience. You may delete content you have collected at any time.
3.8 When you use the TapTap Appointment feature, we will obtain the appointment content, record, and time. You may delete the content you have appointed at any time.
3.9 When you use the TapTap Moments feature, we will request you to authorize album permissions based on the features you use (e.g. uploading videos or pictures, commenting, and interacting). The above information will be stored on our server, so we will also request you to authorize storage permission. You may delete the Moments content you have published at any time. Refusal to grant such permissions will only prevent you from using this specific feature, however, you may continue to use other features.
3.10 When you scan a QR code using TapTap, you may authorize us to use the camera permission to identify the QR code. Refusal to grant such permissions will only prevent you from using this specific feature, however, you may continue to use other features.
3.11 Any third-party services among our services are provided by third party entities. We cannot obtain information generated during your use of such services, so please review the privacy policy of such services. However, when you use your TapTap account to access third-party services, we will obtain your name and login time, and relevant information to access third-party services to facilitate your authorized management.
PLEASE NOTE THAT ACCORDING TO THE LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND NATIONAL STANDARDS, WE MAY PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR AUTHORIZATION OR CONSENT UNDER THE FOLLOWING CIRCUMSTANCES:
(1) It is necessary for the personal information processor to perform legal obligations or legal duties;
(2) It is necessary for entering into and perform a contract to which you are a party;
(3) It is necessary for responding to public health emergencies, or for protecting the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergencies;
(4) It is necessary for dealing with the personal information that you have disclosed by yourself or others that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the law;
(5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
The identity of a certain natural person cannot be identified with the information related to individual devices, their location, and service log information.
If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a certain natural person, or combine it with personal information, then the non-personal information will be treated as personal information during the period of such combination; unless with your authorization or otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify such information.
Please understand that the features and services we provide to you will be updated and developed from time to time. If a certain feature or service is not listed above and we have acquired your information, we will explain the content, scope and purpose separately in the form of reminder, communication and website announcement, etc. to obtain your consent.
3.12 We collect a variety of information through your general interaction with the websites, Content and Services offered by TapTap. Personal Data we collect may include, but is not limited to, browser and device information, data collected through automated electronic interactions and application usage data. Likewise, we will track your process across our websites and applications to verify that you are not a bot and to optimize our services.
3.13 We collect certain data that is required for our detection, investigation, and prevention of fraud, cheating and other violations of the TapTap Terms of Service and applicable laws ("Violations"). These data are used only for the purposes of detection, investigation, prevention and, where applicable, acting on such Violations and being stored only for the minimum amount of time needed for this purpose. If the data indicates that a Violation has occurred, we will further store the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims during the applicable statute of limitations or until a legal case related to it has been resolved. Please note that the specific data stored for this purpose may not be disclosed to you if the disclosure would compromise the mechanism through which we detect, investigate and prevent such Violations.
3.14 The purposes listed above may continue to apply even in situations where your relationship with us (for example, pursuant to a contract) has been terminated or altered in any way, for a reasonable period thereafter.
4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
4.1 Where to store information
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you reside. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. We apply the same level of protection to your information regardless of where it is processed. We also comply with the legal frameworks related to data transfer.
4.2 Duration of information storage
Generally, we retain your personal information for the shortest time necessary to achieve our purposes. However, under the following circumstances, we may adjust the storage time of personal information:
(1) In order to, or we have reason to believe we need to comply with the applicable laws, rules and regulations;
(2) In order to comply with any court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;
(3) In order to meet the requirements of relevant governmental authorities or legally authorized organizations;
(4) In order to comply with applicable service agreements or this Privacy Policy, safeguard the public interest, or protect personal and property safety or other legal interests of TapTap, our users, affiliates and employees, or for other reasonable purposes.
Once the threshold of necessary storage period has been met, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
When our products or services cease to operate, we will notify you via push notifications or announcements, etc., and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period.
4.3 In particular:
(1) If you terminate your TapTap Account, your Personal Data will be marked for deletion except to the degree legal requirements or other prevailing legitimate purposes dictate a longer storage.
(2) In certain cases, Personal Data cannot be completely deleted to ensure the consistency of the game-played experience or other relevant places. For instance, matches you have played that affect other players' matchmaking data and scores will not be deleted; rather, your connection to these matches will be permanently anonymized.
(3) If you withdraw your consent on which a processing of your Personal Data or of the Personal Data of your child is based on, we will delete your Personal Data or respectively the Personal Data of your child without undue delay to the extent that the collection and processing of the Personal Data was based on the withdrawn consent.
(4) If you exercise a right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, we will review your objection and delete your Personal Data that we processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining these data exist or unless applicable law requires us to retain the data.
5. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We will provide you with protection to prevent information loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure. For that purpose, we will take reasonable security measures (including technical and managerial) to protect your personal information.
5.1 Technical measures
(1) Use encryption to ensure confidentiality of information during transmission;
(2) Provide a variety of security features to protect your account;
(3) Use reasonable, feasible means to protect your personal information, e.g. de-identification and anonymization;
(4) Use reliable protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data.
5.2 Managing measures
(1) Establish a data processing and access mechanism to prevent unauthorized access to our system;
(2) Provide safety education and training for employees, execute confidentiality agreements, and strengthen employee awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
Please understand that the Internet is not absolutely secure, and no security measure is perfect.
6. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We will use the information we have acquired for the following purposes in accordance with the laws and regulations and the agreements between you and us.
6.1
Provide you with services
We will provide you with basic services, as well as additional services you may choose from. For example, we will send you a request for data and content with the IP address assigned to your device; When our system fails, we will record and analyze the information generated upon such failure in order to optimize our services. The additional services we provide may also involve personalized services, e.g. switching between languages, your preference settings, etc.
To improve our products and services, we may use information collected through a certain service for our other services subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations. For example, we may use the information we acquire when you use our certain service to provide you with personalized content or advertisement, or for user research, analysis and statistics, protecting users’ interests, platform safety, and other additional services.
6.2
Security assurance
To protect the safety of our users’ personal and property, prevent fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues, and identify violations of laws, regulations or platform-related agreements more accurately, we will use the information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. For instance, analyzing anomalous user account activity, multi-terminal logins, abnormal traffic and more.
To ensure the security of service and help us better understand the performance of our applications, we may record relevant information, for example, the information about your device (e.g. device model, operating system version, etc.), location of the device (e.g. IP address, etc.), and browsing (e.g. searched content, browser type, access date, etc.). However, we will not combine the information we store in the analysis software with the personally identifiable information you provide in the application.
6.3 Communication with you
We will communicate with you under certain circumstances. For example, when you initiate a complaint, appeal or consultation with us, we will retain a record of your communication with us and other necessary information related to your needs in order to resolve any issues you may encounter.
If we use your personal information for purposes not defined in this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you and obtain your express consent before using your personal information.
7. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGY
7.1 Use of cookies
To achieve your personalized online experience needs and improve your access, we will send one or more small data files called “cookies” to your computer or mobile device. We send you cookies to simplify your repeated login steps and store your browsing preferences so that you can set your browsing preferences, optimize advertisement content, and allow us to determine your login status and account or data security.
Most browsers allow users to clear the browser cache data. You can clear some data or modify the extent to which you accept such cookies or reject our cookies. These modifications may cause you to be unable to use services or features that rely on cookies.
7.2 Use of web beacon and related technology
In addition to cookies, we also use web beacons or other related technology on the website. Our web pages often contain some electronic images (called single pixel GIF files or web beacons). How we use web beacons are as follows:
Count the number of user visits and identify registered users by accessing cookies with the help of web beacons used on the website and provide you with personalized services via the cookie information obtained.
8. HOW WE SHARE, TRANSFER AND DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
8.1 Sharing
If we share your information with our partners, we will use encryption, anonymization and other means to protect your information.
Under normal circumstances, we will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except:
(1) As required by laws or regulations, litigation, dispute resolution, or administrative or judicial authorities;
(2) You have given your prior consent or authorization;
(3) To protect the personal and property safety of TapTap, its users and employees, or the interests, property and safety of the public to the extent as required or allowed by law;
(4) Sharing with our affiliates
We will only share the necessary personal information with our affiliates subject to the purpose as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If the affiliates wish to change the purpose of using and processing personal information, we will obtain your prior authorization again.
(5) Sharing with third parties
To achieve related features, we will share data with our partners via an application programming interface (API) or software development kit (SDK).
In order to provide you with complete products and services, some of our services or technologies will be provided by our partners. Please be aware that, unless necessary, we will not provide your personal information to other personal information processors. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and only the necessary personal information will be shared. When we provide your personal information to other personal information processors, we will inform you of the recipient's name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information, and obtain your prior consent. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any purpose other than to:
Provide you with our services;
Achieve the purposes mentioned in     the section “How we use your information”;
Fulfill our obligations under the     service agreement or this Privacy Policy and exercise our rights;
The above-mentioned third parties' acquisition and processing of information, etc. are expected to comply with their own privacy policies, not with this Privacy Policy. However, we will conduct strict security monitoring and agree upon strict data protection measures with third parties in order to protect your data. If you discover that any third party collects or processes your personal information illegally or in a manner that worries you, you are encouraged to contact us, and we will make reasonable efforts to help you.
8.2 Transfer
Under normal circumstances, we will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except:
(1) with your prior consent or authorization;
(2) we have to satisfy the requirements of laws, rules, regulations or legal processes, or the compulsory governmental requirements or judicial rulings;
(3) when transfer of personal information is needed in case of mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions. To this extent, we will require new companies or organizations holding your personal information to protect your personal information up to the standard not inferior to this Policy; otherwise, we will require such companies or organizations to have your authorization or consent again.
8.3 Disclosure
For public disclosure of your personal information, we will take security protection measures that comply with industry standards. We will disclose your personal information only:
(1) with your consent or based on your choice;
(2) to comply with applicable laws and regulations;
(3) to comply with relevant agreements and rules of the platform or this Policy, or protect personal and property safety or other legal interests of TapTap, its users and employees, or for other reasonable and necessary purposes.
Please be aware that as specified by the applicable laws and regulations, the act of sharing, transferring or disclosing de-identified personal information, and the act of ensuring that the recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of such information shall not be regarded as unauthorized sharing, transfer or disclosure of such personal information. Therefore, for the storage and processing of such data, we will not provide you with notice or obtain your consent.
9. HOW YOU CAN MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We value the management of your personal information and will make every effort to protect your rights to access, modify, delete or copy your personal information, withdraw your authorization, and cancel your account, so that you can protect the security of your personal information. The scope and manner of controlling your personal information will depend on the service you are using.
To the extent required by the applicable law, you may have the right to (1) access your personal information; (2) modify your personal information; (3) delete your personal information; (4) copy your personal information; (5) request a copy of your personal information; (6) manage personalized recommendations; and (7) delete your TapTap account.
If allowed by applicable laws, you will have the right to change the scope of your authorization.
Once you withdraw your authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with some of the corresponding services. However, your decision to withdraw your authorization will not affect any previous processing of the personal information you have authorized.
To protect the security of your account, we may require you to verify your identity when you make the request above.
If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information through the methods mentioned above, or you find that we have violated the provisions of laws, administrative regulations, or the agreement between both parties in obtaining and using your personal information, or you find that your personal information we have obtained and stored is incorrect, you can contact us through the methods mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
You understand and acknowledge that we may not be able to meet all your requirements due to customs, public interests, technical conditions, legal regulatory requirements or restrictions.
10. PROTECTION OF MINORS
THE MINIMUM AGE TO REGISTER FOR A TAPTAP ACCOUNT IS 13. WE WILL NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL DATA FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 (OR OTHERWISE SPECIFIED BY THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF YOUR COUNTRY OR REGION OF RESIDENCE, ETC,). IF YOUR GUARDIAN DISAGREES WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES OR THE PROVISION OF YOUR INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING OUR SERVICES AND NOTIFY US IMMEDIATELY. WE ALSO ENCOURAGE PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS TO INSTRUCT CHILDREN TO NEVER GIVE OUT PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN ONLINE.
11. OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE
The data protection laws of California grant their residents certain rights in relation to their personal information. While other jurisdictions may provide fewer statutory rights, we will use the same set of tools to protect the security of our users' personal information worldwide.
The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” grants consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. We are committed to respecting the following rights and complying with the CCPA. If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights to: (i) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose; (ii) request deletion of your personal information; (iii) opt-out of sale of your personal information (if any); and (iv) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
For details about the precise data we collect and the categories of sources where we got that information during the past 12 months, please see “How we acquire your information” above. We collect personal information for the purposes described in “How we use your information” above.
To learn more about asking TapTap to delete your personal information, please see "How you can manage your personal information" above. Please note that your request to delete data may impact your use of the TapTap service in some cases, and we may decline to delete information for reasons outlined in this Privacy Policy or as permitted by the CCPA.
TapTap does not sell the personal information we collect and has not done so during the past 12 months. However, we may disclose personal information as described in “How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information” above.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint at a supervisory authority. However, before you contact the data protection supervisory authority, we would like to have the opportunity to address your concerns and ask that you first lodge a complaint with us. Please see the "Contact Us" section below for more information on raising any related concerns with us.
12. REVISIONS
To provide you with better services, we may update this Privacy Policy based on product updates and relevant requirements of laws and regulations.
Without your explicit consent, however, we will not reduce the rights available to you based on the Privacy Policy currently in effect.
If such updates will result in substantial loss of your rights under this Policy, we will notify you via a prominent notice on the homepage or email, etc. to you or otherwise inform you before the update comes into effect.
Your continued use of our service shall be deemed that you have read, understood and consented to be bound by the update to this Privacy Policy.
13. SCOPE
13.1 This Privacy Policy applies to all products and services we provide, including but not limited to our website services and applications. However, if such products or services are subject to a certain privacy policy, that certain privacy policy shall prevail.
13.2
Please note that this Policy does not apply to:
(1)
products or services contained by or linked to our products or services provided and operated by a third party. Your use of such products or services shall be subject to the third-party privacy policy (not the Policy you are currently reading), so you shall carefully review the privacy policy shown to you by the third party, securely keep your personal information and cautiously provide it if needed.
(2) products or services not provided to you by TapTap, for example, services provided by other companies or individuals when you access them using your TapTap account.
14. CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions on this Privacy Policy or other issues, please contact us:
Person in charge of personal information protection at TapTap:
privacy@taptap.com
TapTap Privacy and Data Compliance Center, 111 SOMERSET ROAD #05-11 SINGAPORE (238164)
We will reply to you within 15 business days.
(End)
TapTap
Terms of Service
→
Privacy Policy
1.DEFINITIONS
2.WHY WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND SOURCES WE COLLECT FROM
4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
5. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
6. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
7. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGY
8. HOW WE SHARE, TRANSFER AND DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
9. HOW YOU CAN MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
10. PROTECTION OF MINORS
11. OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE
12. REVISIONS
13. SCOPE
14. CONTACT US