Privacy Policy
I. INTRODUCTION
Mobile Security Inc. (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy
                policy (“Privacy policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we
                may process when you install and/or use “Scanner App” software application for mobile devices (the
                “App”, “our App”) and explains how we and some of the companies we cooperate while processing that
                information.
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to
                a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to such
                data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
                identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental,
                economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
                MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND
                AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
II. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect for various purposes described below.
To provide, maintain, troubleshoot, and support our services.
We use your information for this
                purpose on the basis that it is required to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
To improve our services.
We want to offer you the best services and user experiences we can, so we
                have a legitimate interest in continually improving and optimizing our services. To do so, we use your
                information to understand how users interact with our services.
To develop new services.
We have a legitimate interest in using your information to plan for and
                develop new services. For example, we may use customer feedback to understand what new services users
                may want.
To market and advertise our services.
We may use your information to provide, measure,
                personalize, and enhance our advertising and marketing based on our legitimate interest in offering you
                services that may be of interest. Examples: we may use information such as who or what referred you to
                our services to understand how effective our advertising is; we may use information to administer
                promotional activities such as sweepstakes and referral programs.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise, we will let you know we start to process
                information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
III. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from
                tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations
                that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these
                third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We do not display third party ads in our paid products. The ads we display in our services are supplied
                by Google, a third-party advertising network (“Google Ads”). To display these ads in our apps, we
                integrate into them a software development kit (SDK), which consists of software code provided by the ad
                network.
In case you want to learn more about these services and their privacy options (including opt-out) please
                consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible for any usage of your
                personal data by the abovementioned third parties in violation of our instructions.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites / services or you may access the App from a third-party
                site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to
                or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective reasons, due to the public
                interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your
                    safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be
                    notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or your personal
                    information usage, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
IV. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for performing the functional
                service of the App and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your
                information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information
                and close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period (but no longer than the storage purpose
                requires) if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or
                in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
V. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Data Access and Portability. You can request copies of your personal information held by us.
Change or Correct Data. Where you cannot update data by yourself through your account, you have the right
                to ask us to correct change, update or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion. We generally retain data for as long as your account is in existence or as
                it is needed to provide services of the App. However, specific retention times can vary based on the
                context of the processing we perform and on our legal obligations. You have the right to ask us to
                delete all or some of the personal data we hold about you. If you have an account, you can also delete
                your account at any time. We may need to retain some of your personal data even after you have closed
                your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, or where we have a legitimate
                interest in doing so (e.g. to prevent fraud and abuse and maintain and enhance security).
Restriction of Processing. Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which
                we use your personal information.
Please bear in mind that we ensure the above-mentioned rights only with respect to the information that
                you submit.
When your personal information that is processed automatically you may object to such processing in some
                circumstances. Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask
                to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes. In order to exercise your right
                please contact the third party services listed in Section III of this Privacy Policy to learn how you
                can object to processing your data. Most of them have clear instructions on their privacy pages,
                functional API or other options.
Please note that you can opt-out of marketing tracking by choosing:
option "Limit Ad Tracking" on your iOs device in Settings/ Privacy/ Advertising, please find additional
                information here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074.
Please mind when you opt out of certain interest-based advertising, you may still continue to receive
                contextual ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of other
                digital products you are using.
VI. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted
                industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and
                once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and
                unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in
                the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement
                data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the
                necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and
                strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
                secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute
                security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will
                promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App, you can contact us at through email or contact
                form displayed below.
VII. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 4. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or
                solicit any personal information from children under 4. No one under age 4 may provide any personal
                information to the App. If you are under 4, do not use or provide any information on this App or
                through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email
                address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 4 without
                verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe
                that we might have any information from or about a child under 4, please contact us.
VIII. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy will be regularly updated.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other
                places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as
                appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
IX. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via
minhgianginc@gmail.com
.