Last update: Mar, 2023
Welcome to NovelBar.
This privacy policy applies to the NovelBar apps, websites, and related services (the “Platform”). It explains our
    practices concerning the personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, in connection with the
    Platform. It does not apply to other products or services that display or reference a different privacy policy. If
    you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
    The Platform is provided and controlled by ADMATE TECH PTE. LTD., with its registered address at 112 ROBINSON ROAD
    #03-01 ROBINSON 112 SINGAPORE (“we”or “us”). If you have any questions about how we use your personal data, please
    contact cs@novellairs.com.
1. Personal Information We Collect
In order to help you to create an account with the Platform and use the service, we need to collect and process some
    information. The information we collect depends on how you use the Platform and the choices you make. More
    information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.
Information you choose to provide
If you access or use the Platform as a registered user, we may collect your [nickname, age, email address and
        profile photo]. If you choose to use the Platform as a non-registered user, we may collect your age. We collect
        the age information is for verifying whether you are a qualified user of the Platform.
If you choose to pay the service on the Platform, withdraw the payment, we may collect [payment information,
        such as PayPal or other third-party payment information] (where required for the purpose of payment). This
        information is required to complete a commercial transaction on the Platform. We use this information to enable
        and fulfill your transaction.
If you provide feedback or contact us, or otherwise provide information voluntarily to us, our employees, or
        our contractors, the data will be collected by us as well.
Information from Third Parties.
You may choose to share certain data with us from third parties or through your use of the Platform, we may collect
    such third party data. If you connect a social network account to the Platform or choose to register to use the
    Platform using your social network account details, we will ask permission to access basic information from that
    account, such as your [username and email address], which may depend on your use and settings on the social network.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform including when you are using the App
    without an account. Such information includes:
Device information.
We automatically log your IP address, mobile carrier, time zone settings, device identifiers including [mobile
        advertising IDs, and the version of the app you are using]. We will also collect information regarding the
        device you are using to access the Platform such as [the model of your device, the device system, network type,
        device ID, your screen resolution and operating system].
Usage data.
We automatically log your activity on the Platform, including [the
        content you view on the Platform, how long you spent viewing such
        content, access times, the URL of the website from which you came to our
        site], and other details about your use of and actions on the Platform.
2. Cookies
We use cookies, mobile IDs, and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, Flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to
    operate the Platform, enable us to provide certain features and functionality, and enhance your experience using the
    Platform.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store information that can be recalled by the web server in
    the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that
    uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called single-pixel or clear GIFs) that are contained within a website. When
    your browser opens a webpage that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the
    image (typically hosted by a third-party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to
    set and read its own cookies.
We, and our analytics and advertising partners, use Cookies for the following purposes:
to verify log-in information
to track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with the services
to understand the total number of visitors to the services on an ongoing basis and the types of devices
to monitor the performance of the services and continually improve it
to customize and enhance your online experience
to provide customer service to you
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. These settings will typically be found in your browser’s
    Privacy and security menu. You can choose to delete or reject cookies. However, please note that if you choose to
    delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of the Platform. If you choose to delete
    cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and
    may need to be recreated.
3. How We Use Your Information
We use your information to provide the Platform to you and to improve and administer it. We generally use each of
    the categories of information we collect for the following purposes:
to create your account of the Platform and provide the Platform services; Identify you across the Platform;
to measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver
        targeted advertising
to understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices
to infer additional information about you, such as your age, gender, and interests
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to make age appropriate content available to you
to provide customer support and respond to your questions
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies, and to meet our legal obligations
consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other
        personalized content
for security purposes, other purpose aims to operate, develop and improve the Platform.
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
If you choose to use our service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to,
    processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are
    located. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or
    jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the Platform and our services.
4. How We Share Your Information
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in or outside your country, including:
our business partners so that we can make you special offers via the Platform;
service providers or agents that provide services to us for any of the purposes described in this policy, such
        as cloud storage providers to store the information we collect and for disaster recovery services, as well as
        for the performance of any contract we entered into with you;
analytics and advertising providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform and to help
        us serve targeted adverts, as further described in the Cookies section of this policy;
our subsidiaries, affiliates to provide the Platform including improving and optimising the Platform,
        preventing illegal use and supporting users.
When you choose to share information to third parties outside of the
    Platform, the information you share may be able to see and use by third
    parties. Please note that we may include references or links to products
    provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you
    provide personal data to any of those third parties, or consent to our
    sharing personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy
    policies.
When you choose to share information to third parties outside of the Platform, the information you share may be able
    to see and use by third parties. Please note that we may include references or links to products provided by third
    parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties, or
    consent to our sharing personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy policies.
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax authorities or other organizations if
    legally required to do so.
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals, unless we have
    your consent. We may share aggregated and/or de-identified information in accordance with applicable law.
5. Where We Store Your Personal Data
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of your
    country. It may also be processed by staff operating outside your country who work for us, for one of our suppliers
    or one of our business partners. By submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
    We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance
    with this policy and applicable law.
6. Information Security
We take reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect personal data from
    unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Unfortunately, the transmission of information
    via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via
    the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk. To help us protect personal data, we request that you use a
    strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
7. Age Restrictions
This Platform is not directed at children under the age of [16] or equivalent minimum age in the relevant
    jurisdiction. If you believe that we have personal data about or collected from a child under the relevant age,
    please contact us at cs@novellairs.com.
8.Your Choices and Rights
You can access and edit most of your profile information by signing into your account. We also provide a number of
    tools in Settings that allow you to control your information. Should you choose to do so, you may delete your entire
    account in Settings.
See the Cookies section of this privacy policy for choices about cookies and other analytics and advertising
    controls.
If you have any questions on how to use those tools, or want to know about any rights you may have in the country
    where you live, please contact us at the email address provided at the bottom of this privacy policy.
9. Data Retention Time and Deletion
You may delete your account by clicking "Profile"-"Settings"-"Delete Account" in NovelBar mobile app, and you should
    understand that upon deletion of your account, you will lose the right to access or use all or part of the Platform. After
    you have deleted your account, we may retain certain information in an aggregated and anonymised format.
    You may request to delete the personal data by emailing us at the email address provided in the ‘Contacting’ section of this
    Privacy Policy. If you delete the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide all or part
    of the Platform’s services.
You have the ability to delete your account, and you should understand that upon deletion of your account, you will
    lose the right to access or use all or part of the Platform. After you have deleted your account, we may retain
    certain information in an aggregated and anonymised format.
10. Changes of This Privacy Policy
We will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, through a notice provided via the
    Platform. However, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last
    Updated” date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to
    or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If
    you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.
11. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the
    first instance at cs@novellairs.com and we will endeavor to deal with your request
    as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your data protection authority
    or follow the dispute resolution process provided in the Terms of Service.
12.Contact
If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below.
    Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to cs@novellairs.com
You can contact us by email or by mail at:
    cs@novellairs.com