READ IT CAREFULLY PRIOR USING THE SOFTWARE. YOU ARE FREE TO DECLINE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND IF YOU DO SO, PLEASE, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AS IT OTHERWISE WOULD MEAN THAT YOU ARE CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Last Updated and Effective: August 18 , 2022
We may ask your explicit consent for processing your personal data if it is necessary in your data region, but make sure that you fully understand which data we process.
Introduction
Evrika Games L.L.C. (“Evrika Games”, “We”) provides software applications, games, serices and websites (Products). At Evrika Games the privacy and security of our Users are of paramount importance. Evrika Games is committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how Evrika Games processes information that can be used to indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) collected through use of its Products.
For the purposes of this policy, Evrika Games defines the term “User” (“You”) as an individual with which Evrika Games has an established relationship and who has accepted user agreement.
Any information stored on Evrika Games platform is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only. Evrika Games implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.
Collection and use
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (PII)
Evrika Games collects personally identifiable information (“PII”) when you choose to provide it to us. PII is any information that specifically identifies or locates a particular person or entity. We receive and store certain types of PII. The types of PII collected may include:
your ID in social media
IP address
your email when you contact us via email
Evrika Games uses this information for reasonable business purposes, including to contact you to respond to your inquiry, to provide the service requested. We may share Client PII with partners as necessary to improve the Service. Once obtained, Evrika Games will store your PII for as long as needed to provide services and for a reasonable time thereafter for record keeping purposes.
Evrika Games may collect, record and analyze information of Users to its Products. Evrika Games may add information collected by way of pageview activity. If you provide Evrika Games with your social media details, Evrika Games may retrieve publicly available information about you from social media. We DO NOT collect, store or operate any information about: age, gender, political thoughts, religious beliefs, phone number etc, even if User would like to share such information with us directly.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Evrika Games also collects non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII”) from our Products. Non-PII is pseudonymous information that cannot by itself be used to specifically identify a particular person or entity, and may include your purchases, completed tasks or quests, your in-product achievement, ranking score,  length of time spent using Products, actions performed within our Products, statistics, smartphone type and model, screen resolution and ID, usage habits, the time/date of your visit to the Products and your device’s operating system and its version. We may use a third-party analytics provider to help us collect and manage this data (check out our third party services). We use this information to help manage and improve the Products.
By using our software, you consent to the collection and use of your non-personally identifiable information.
If you don’t want us to keep and process such information, please contact us directly to delete any of your records, accounts and all the data we collected about you. You may not use our products after that. You cannot reverse this action and no refunds would be applicable.
Behavioral Targeting / Retargeting:
We partner with third parties to display advertising on our Sites and manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools (to learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org
or if you are located in the European Union you may use the resources at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. If you access the Optimizely Service or Sites on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings. Please contact or consult the respective privacy policies of such ad servers or ad networks for more information
Basis of processing PII
Evrika Games’ basis for processing PII is a contract between User and Evrika games (user agreement). Evrika games uses the collected data to communicate with Users, to customize content for Users, to show ads of other Products to Users and to improve its Products by analyzing how Users navigate our Products.
Sharing PII/non-PII
Evrika Games may also share such information with third-parties in order to provide a requested service or transaction or in order to analyze the User behavior on its Products.
We will reveal a user’s personal information without his/her prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to Evrika Games or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.
Ads and Third-Party Services
We may use third-party services and applications to perform Product-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Product is used.
Please be aware that while using our Products, Users can follow links to other sites and/or software applications that are beyond our sphere of influence. Evrika Games is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites and/or software applications. For information on how our selected third parties may use your information, please see their privacy policies.
Google Play Services
Apple
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Meta (Facebook)
Unity
Appsflyer
IronSource
AppLovin
Amplitude
ChartBoost
AdColony
Pangle
Vungle
TapJoy
InMobi
myTarget
Digital Turbine
Collection of User data
During a User’s registration, you provide information such as an Identification Data (ID) collected from the service provider, such as Google Play or App Store and other platforms where our Products are located. This information is used by Evrika Games to identify the User and provide them with support, services, mailings, sales and marketing actions and to meet User License agreement obligations.
Please, pay attention, you cannot use our Products without having an authorized account in Google Play, App Store or any other platforms where our Products are located.
Evrika Games Users can at any time reach us out with a request to edit, delete and update personal data. Evrika Games will not retain User data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Products Users
If you are a user of our Products, then this section is relevant for you. By using our software, you consent to the collection and use of your PII as described herein. If required by applicable law, we will seek your explicit consent to process PII collected on these Products or volunteered by you. Kindly note that any consent will be entirely voluntary. However, if you do not grant the requested consent to the processing of your PII, the use of the Products may be subject to restrictions.
What Happens In The Event Of A Change Of Control
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer Products (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, and other User information related to the Optimizely Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company. You will be notified via in-game chat and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Geographical location
Evrika Games offers a number of data regions. A Evrika Games “Data Region” is a set of data centers located within a defined geographical area where User data is stored. Personal Data is not transmitted between Data Regions. For Evrika Games Users with accounts located in Evrika Games European Data Region, all Personal Data is processed in the EEA. For Users with accounts in the Data Regions: United States of America (US) and Canada, all Personal Data is processed solely in a Data center in the USA . For Users with accounts in our Asia Pacific Data Region, all Personal Data is processed in Singapore.
Processing and collection
Processing in the European Economic Area (EEA)
For Users with accounts located in Evrika Games European Data Region, all processing of Personal Data is performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations following the Regulations (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and Evrika Games processing comply in accordance with the GDPR.
Controller
Evrika Games processes Personal Data both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the Directive and the GDPR: The Evrika Games entity which you as a User entered an agreement with when using Evrika Games platform, will be the Controller for User data, as outlined above in “Collection of User data” section. Evrika Games adheres to the GDPR. Consequently, Evrika Games processes all data provided by its Users with accounts in its European Data Region, in the European Economic Area (EEA) only. All data collected by Evrika Games Users through Products will be stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities. Evrika Games has a data processing agreement in place with its provider, ensuring compliance with the Directive. All hosting is performed in accordance with the highest security regulations. All transfers of data internally in the EEA are done in accordance with this data processing agreement.
Processing in the United States Of America (US): For Users in the l US Data Region, Evrika Games processes data solely in data centers located in the USA. Evrika Games has adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards which substantially mirror the EU safeguards against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of the User’s data in Evrika Games possession. Evrika Games will promptly notify the User in the event of any known unauthorized access to, or use of, the User’s data.
Processing in Canada: For Users with accounts in the Evrika Games Canada Data Region, Evrika Games processes data solely in data centers located in Canada. Evrika Games has adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards which substantially mirror the EU safeguards against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of the Users data in Evrika Games possession. Evrika Games will promptly notify the User in the event of any known unauthorized access to, or use of, the User’s data.
Processing in other regions: For Users with accounts in our Asian Pacific Data Region, Evrika Games has adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards which substantially mirror the EU safeguards against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of the Users data in Evrika Games possession. Evrika Games will promptly notify the User in the event of any known unauthorized access to, or use of, the User’s data.
Retention and deletion
Evrika Games will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. For Respondent data, Evrika Games Users have control of the purpose for collecting data, and the duration for which the Personal Data may be kept. For Respondent data, Users with an active account will therefore have the responsibility to delete data when required. When a user’s account is terminated or expired, all Personal Data collected through the platform will be deleted, as required by applicable law.
Acceptance of these Conditions
We assume that all Users of our Products have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our Products. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity or law dictates. Continued use of Evrika Games Products after having been informed of any such changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy.
Complaints
Evrika Games is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. Our privacy protection can be reached at the following address:
Evrika Games L.L.C.
Address: The Meydan Hotel, Nad Al Sheba, Business Center 1, M Floor, Dubai, U.A.E.
Dedicated email: publishing@evrikagames.com
If you have any further questions regarding the data Evrika Games collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email or in writing at the provided address.