General
a) Our goal is to provide quality service to all customers. Please read these terms of service carefully before you access the site or the service.
b) These Terms of Service (“the Terms”) govern your use of the GeekSpeed and the associated website domains (the “Site”) and related service (the “Services”), which are owned and operated by the GeekSpeed Team (“GeekSpeed,” “our”, “we” or “us”). The Terms constitute a legally binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and the GeekSpeed Team.
Service
a) You understand that we are providing you with a virtual private network service, which includes, but is not limited to, the use of servers, transport, routers, IP addresses and other equipment and protocols to transmit information over our network (the "System"). You agree to abide by the Terms with respect to your use of the Service.
Usage Policy
a) BY USING GeekSpeed SERVICE (the "Service") YOU AGREE:
NOT to use the system for sending spam, port scanning, scanning for open proxies or open relays, sending opt-in email, unsolicited email or any type or version of email sent in large quantities even if the email is ultimately sent off of another server.
NOT to launch any pop-ups from our service.
NOT to attack in any way shape or form any other computer or network while on our service.
NOT to use the service for things that could hurt our network or other people.
b) It is the user responsibility to know and comprehend any and all relevant laws related to any jurisdiction or venue that concerns you and your actions. GeekSpeed is not liable in any way or form for actions done by its users including a criminal liability and a civil liability for harm executed or not executed beyond any money paid to GeekSpeed for its services by a concrete individual.
c) Violations of this Usage Policy or the Terms may result in termination of your account, without any refund of amounts previously paid for the Service. Additionally, you may be held responsible for any and all damages incurred to GeekSpeed, including any amounts charged by any outside entity due to said violation(s), including attorney’s fees and costs without limitation.
d) GeekSpeed enables you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools onto your mobile phones or Internet-enabled device. GeekSpeed ("the Software") grants to you a nonexclusive, limited license to use the Software solely for the purpose stated by GeekSpeed at the time the Software is made available to you and in accordance with these Terms. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by GeekSpeed, is strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to consumer privacy protection. GeekSpeed does not collect or log traffic data, browsing activity, email address, phone number, or any personal information from individual users connected to the Services.
Our software utilizes the third party diagnostics service Fabric, a Google service, for the purpose of identifying service issues and problems inside our services. The information collected is generic in nature and does not contain personally identifiable information.
We use third party cookies, pixels and analytics tools to track sales promotions and advertisements to target potential users who need the value provided by the Services. The information collected is generic in nature and does not not contain personally identifiable information.
Consent and Age Restrictions
By using the Site, Content, Apps, Software, or Services, you agree to have your information handled as described in our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Information Security
GeekSpeed would like to remind you that you are yourself responsible for the security of your data. We ask you to be careful when using and storing personal data containing files on your devices, as well as the devices itself. Please ensure that nobody accesses and uses your devices without your consent.

You shall be extra careful and not disclose your personal information to unrelated third parties, since such information may be used in different ways and against your interests, including activities such as fraud, invasion of privacy, identity theft, etc.

In order to ensure security of the personal data, GeekSpeed employs various administrative, technical and physical security measures, however it is your responsibility to exercise caution and reason when using the GeekSpeed Services. You will be personally responsible if such action violates any third party’s privacy or any other rights, or any applicable law. Under no circumstances, GeekSpeed is liable for the consequences of your unlawful activities, your willful and negligent activities violating applicable laws or third party rights, as well as any circumstances, which may not have been reasonably controlled or foreseen.
How to Contact GeekSpeed
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact GeekSpeed at the following email address:support@geekspeed.app