Data Privacy
This Application collects some Personal Data from
                            its Users.
Owner and Data Controller
Bitfuse UG
Schlossstr. 48
40477 Düsseldorf
Owner contact email:
info@bitfuse.de
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this
                            Application collects, by itself or through third
                            parties, there are: email address; various types of
                            Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data
                            collected are provided in the dedicated sections of
                            this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts
                            displayed prior to the Data collection. Personal
                            Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case
                            of Usage Data, collected automatically when using
                            this Application. Unless specified otherwise, all
                            Data requested by this Application is mandatory and
                            failure to provide this Data may make it impossible
                            for this Application to provide its services. In
                            cases where this Application specifically states
                            that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not
                            to communicate this Data without consequences to the
                            availability or the functioning of the Service.
                            Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is
                            mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use
                            of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this
                            Application or by the owners of third-party services
                            used by this Application serves the purpose of
                            providing the Service required by the User, in
                            addition to any other purposes described in the
                            present document and in the Cookie Policy, if
                            available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal
                            Data obtained, published or shared through this
                            Application and confirm that they have the third
                            party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to
                            prevent unauthorized access, disclosure,
                            modification, or unauthorized destruction of the
                            Data. The Data processing is carried out using
                            computers and/or IT enabled tools, following
                            organizational procedures and modes strictly related
                            to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner,
                            in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain
                            types of persons in charge, involved with the
                            operation of this Application (administration,
                            sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or
                            external parties (such as third-party technical
                            service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers,
                            IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if
                            necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The
                            updated list of these parties may be requested from
                            the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to
                            Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more
                                specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations
                                the Owner may be allowed to process Personal
                                Data until the User objects to such processing
                                (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent
                                or any other of the following legal bases. This,
                                however, does not apply, whenever the processing
                                of Personal Data is subject to European data
                                protection law
provision of Data is necessary for the
                                performance of an agreement with the User and/or
                                for any precontractual obligations thereof
processing is necessary for compliance with a
                                legal obligation to which the Owner is subject
processing is related to a task that is carried
                                out in the public interest or in the exercise of
                                official authority vested in the Owner
processing is necessary for the purposes of the
                                legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by
                                a third party
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify
                            the specific legal basis that applies to the
                            processing, and in particular whether the provision
                            of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual
                            requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter
                            into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating
                            offices and in any other places where the parties
                            involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may
                            involve transferring the User’s Data to a country
                            other than their own. To find out more about the
                            place of processing of such transferred Data, Users
                            can check the section containing details about the
                            processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal
                            basis of Data transfers to a country outside the
                            European Union or to any international organization
                            governed by public international law or set up by
                            two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the
                            security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard
                            their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out
                            more by checking the relevant sections of this
                            document or inquire with the Owner using the
                            information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as
                            long as required by the purpose they have been
                            collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to
                                the performance of a contract between the Owner
                                and the User shall be retained until such
                                contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the
                                Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained
                                as long as needed to fulfill such purposes.
                                Users may find specific information regarding
                                the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner
                                within the relevant sections of this document or
                                by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for
                            a longer period whenever the User has given consent
                            to such processing, as long as such consent is not
                            withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to
                            retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever
                            required to do so for the performance of a legal
                            obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data
                            shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access,
                            the right to erasure, the right to rectification and
                            the right to data portability cannot be enforced
                            after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow
                            the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its
                            legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests,
                            protect its rights and interests (or those of its
                            Users or third parties), detect any malicious or
                            fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
                            Hosting and backend infrastructure, Registration and
                            authentication and Data transfer outside the EU.
For specific information about the Personal Data
                            used for each purpose, the User may refer to the
                            section “Detailed information on the processing of
                            Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal
                            Data
Personal Data is collected for the following
                            purposes and using the following services:
Data transfer outside the EU
The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data
                            collected within the EU to third countries (i.e. any
                            country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a
                            specific legal basis. Any such Data transfer is
                            based on one of the legal bases described below.
                            Users can inquire with the Owner to learn which
                            legal basis applies to which specific service.
Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual
                            clauses (this Application)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal
                            Data from the EU to third countries is carried out
                            by the Owner according to “standard contractual
                            clauses” provided by the European Commission. This
                            means that Data recipients have committed to process
                            Personal Data in compliance with the data protection
                            standards set forth by EU data protection
                            legislation. For further information, Users are
                            requested to contact the Owner through the contact
                            details provided in the present document.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
These types of services are intended to host data
                            and files so that this application can be managed
                            and used. Furthermore, these offerings can provide a
                            pre-built infrastructure that handles specific
                            functions or entire components for this application.
Some of the services listed below may, but do not
                            have to, operate on geographically distributed
                            servers, making it difficult to determine the actual
                            location of personal data.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services,
                            Inc.)
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend
                            service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as
                            specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: Europe – Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq
Microsoft Azure (Microsoft, Inc.)
Microsoft Azure is a hosting and backend service
                            provided by Microsoft, Inc.
Personal Data processed: room photos for generating
                            design recommendations
Place of processing: Europe – Privacy Policy:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Runpod (Runpod Inc.)
Runpod is a hosting and backend service for GPUs
                            provided by Runpod Inc.
Personal Data processed: room photos for generating
                            designs
Place of processing: Europe, USA, Canada – Privacy
                            Policy:
https://www.runpod.io/legal/privacy-policy
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this
                            Application to identify them and give them access to
                            dedicated services. Depending on what is described
                            below, third parties may provide registration and
                            authentication services. In this case, this
                            Application will be able to access some Data, stored
                            by these third-party services, for registration or
                            identification purposes. Some of the services listed
                            below may also collect Personal Data for targeting
                            and profiling purposes; to find out more, please
                            refer to the description of each service.
Direct registration and profiling (this Application)
By registering or authenticating directly through
                            this Application, Users allow this Application to
                            identify them and give them access to dedicated
                            services. The Owner may process Data collected when
                            Users register or authenticate also for targeting
                            and profiling purposes; to find out more, Users can
                            contact the Owner using the contact details provided
                            in this document.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Handling Payments
Unless otherwise specified, this application
                            processes all payments via credit card, bank
                            transfer, or through other external payment service
                            providers. Generally, unless otherwise stated, users
                            are required to provide their payment information
                            and personal data directly to these payment service
                            providers.
This application is not involved in the collection
                            and processing of such information but only receives
                            notification from the respective payment service
                            provider regarding the successful completion of the
                            payment
RevenueCat (RevenueCat, Inc.)
RevenueCat is a payment service provided by
                            RevenueCat, Inc. The service allows the owner to
                            monitor and analyze users and their purchase history
                            and can be used to track user behavior.
Processed personal data: User ID; Tracker.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy:
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their
                            Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the
                            following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have
                                the right to withdraw consent where they have
                                previously given their consent to the processing
                                of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have
                                the right to object to the processing of their
                                Data if the processing is carried out on a legal
                                basis other than consent. Further details are
                                provided in the dedicated section below
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn
                                if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain
                                disclosure regarding certain aspects of the
                                processing and obtain a copy of the Data
                                undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the
                                right to verify the accuracy of their Data and
                                ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users
                                have the right to restrict the processing of
                                their Data. In this case, the Owner will not
                                process their Data for any purpose other than
                                storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise
                                removed. Users have the right to obtain the
                                erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to
                                another controller. Users have the right to
                                receive their Data in a structured, commonly
                                used and machine readable format and, if
                                technically feasible, to have it transmitted to
                                another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring
                                a claim before their competent data protection
                                authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public
                            interest, in the exercise of an official authority
                            vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the
                            legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may
                            object to such processing by providing a ground
                            related to their particular situation to justify the
                            objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal
                            Data be processed for direct marketing purposes,
                            they can object to that processing at any time, free
                            of charge and without providing any justification.
                            Where the User objects to processing for direct
                            marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer
                            be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the
                            Owner is processing Personal Data for direct
                            marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant
                            sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed
                            to the Owner through the contact details provided in
                            this document. These requests can be exercised free
                            of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early
                            as possible and always within one month, providing
                            Users with the information required by law. Any
                            rectification or erasure of Personal Data or
                            restriction of processing will be communicated by
                            the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the
                            Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves
                            impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At
                            the Users‘ request, the Owner will inform them about
                            those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and
                            processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal
                            purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages
                            leading to possible legal action arising from
                            improper use of this Application or the related
                            Services. The User declares to be aware that the
                            Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon
                            request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this
                            privacy policy, this Application may provide the
                            User with additional and contextual information
                            concerning particular Services or the collection and
                            processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this
                            Application and any third-party services may collect
                            files that record interaction with this Application
                            (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as
                            the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing
                            of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at
                            any time. Please see the contact information at the
                            beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track”
                            requests. To determine whether any of the
                            third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not
                            Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this
                            privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on
                            this page and possibly within this Application
                            and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible
                            – sending a notice to Users via any contact
                            information available to the Owner. It is strongly
                            recommended to check this page often, referring to
                            the date of the last modification listed at the
                            bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities
                            performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the
                            Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where
                            required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in
                            connection with other information — including a
                            personal identification number — allows for the
                            identification or identifiability of a natural
                            person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this
                            Application (or third-party services employed in
                            this Application), which can include: the IP
                            addresses or domain names of the computers utilized
                            by the Users who use this Application, the URI
                            addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of
                            the request, the method utilized to submit the
                            request to the server, the size of the file received
                            in response, the numerical code indicating the
                            status of the server’s answer (successful outcome,
                            error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of
                            the browser and the operating system utilized by the
                            User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the
                            time spent on each page within the Application) and
                            the details about the path followed within the
                            Application with special reference to the sequence
                            of pages visited, and other parameters about the
                            device operating system and/or the User’s IT
                            environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless
                            otherwise specified, coincides with the Data
                            Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority,
                            agency or other body which processes Personal Data
                            on behalf of the Controller, as described in this
                            privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority,
                            agency or other body which, alone or jointly with
                            others, determines the purposes and means of the
                            processing of Personal Data, including the security
                            measures concerning the operation and use of this
                            Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise
                            specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is
                            collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as
                            described in the relative terms (if available) and
                            on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made
                            within this document to the European Union include
                            all current member states to the European Union and
                            the European Economic Area.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on
                            provisions of multiple legislations, including Art.
                            13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data
                            Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this
                            Application, if not stated otherwise within this
                            document.
Latest update: February 12, 2024