Return to website
Privacy policy
Welcome to Drip, the platform that values the real you. Protecting your privacy is at the  core of our mission. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and  safeguard your information when you visit our mobile application (the "App"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using the App, you are agreeing to the  terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
1. Collection of Your Information
We may collect information about you in various ways:
Personal Data You may provide us with certain personally identifiable  information, including but not limited to your name, email address, postal  address, phone number, profile picture, and other data that you choose to  provide.
Derivative Data Information our servers automatically collect when you access  the App, like your IP address, device information, and interactions with the App.
Financial Data We store limited financial information from you, like payment card information. However, most financial information is processed by our payment  processor, and we recommend reviewing their privacy policy to determine how  they handle your data
2. Use of Your Information
Having accurate information about you helps us provide a smoother, more efficient  experience. Specifically, we may use information about you to:
Process and manage your account.
Increase the efficiency of the App.
Monitor and analyze trends to improve your App experience.
3. Disclosure of Your Information
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may share information we  collect about you in certain situations, like:
In response to legal requests.
With our trusted third-party service providers.
4. Tracking Technologies
Cookies We may use cookies to understand App usage and improve content  and offerings on our App.
Third-party Tracking Certain third-party services help us monitor App interactions.
5. Security of Your Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal  information. While we have taken significant steps to protect your personal information,  no system is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6. Third-party Websites
The App may contain links to third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to  third-party websites, and we recommend reviewing their respective privacy policies.
7. Policy for Children
We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from anyone under 13. If you become  aware of any data we have collected from someone under the age of 13, please contact us immediately.
8. Contact Us
For any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Drip Support Email: support@dripsunday.com