Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the Google Play Platform and App Store). Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII.
Information we collect | Cookies
We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained more fully below. We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our Services, to allow our users to set up a user account and profile, to contact users, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to analyze how users utilize the Services, and as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Ads
Our app may use some providers to show ads. These Ads providers can use cookies only to identifies your device (as described above), then show ads that are relevant to our app's kind. We don't share any user's data with Facebook or other parties (Verified by BBC & Privacy International).
Analytics
We use third party analytics tool, Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytics only to improve our services.
Log file
The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug log report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address, device information, location Information and your survey response only. How we use your information. In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. Third parties we currently use include:
Google Analytics
https://api.mixpanel.com
Freshdesk (https://msdk.eu.freshchat.com)
Adapty (https://adapty.io)
RevenueCat (https://revenuecat.com)
Sentry (https://sentry.io)
Flurry (https://yahoo.com)
MailChimp
Google Adsense
Google Payments
Apple Pay
Information you provide to us
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, during the registration process, we collect Personal Information such as your mobile number, social account details (like username/email/profile photo), time zone, location. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
Information you provide to us
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, during the registration process, we collect Personal Information such as your mobile number, social account details (like username/email/profile photo), time zone, location. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
Information collected automatically
Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. Some of this automatically-collected information may or may not be Personal Information, depending on whether it is personally identifiable in nature or not. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer through your browser that allow us to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser to prevent or limit your computer’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of our Service’s best features. When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site), we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data tells us how often customers use parts of the Services to make the Services appealing to as many customers as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners, so that they can understand how often people use their services and our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Face Data
While using face effects we need to show them in the right place in your photos to realize the final result of how the tool works. This information is not used to identify you. Our Services explicitly do not utilize facial recognition or biometric templates regulated by law. These functionalities are not permitted within the scope of our application. When you use our application, we may collect information about you, including photographs you provide when you use the application, via your camera or camera roll. This may include capturing and storing images or videos containing Face Data. We obtain only the specific images you chose to modify using the application; we do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us access to them. We store photographs containing Face Data locally on your device, ensuring appropriate technical and organizational measures are in place to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. We do not share or disclose your photographs containing Face Data to any third parties unless explicitly stated otherwise and with your prior consent.
Personal Information and Content
We receive and store any Personal Information and Content you enter or upload to our Services. The types of Personal Information and Content collected may include, but are not limited to:
Camera locations and names
, that you are asked to enter and may change at any time.
Video and audio signals and data
are recorded and processed, depending on how you may have configured your Services. This may include AI Art Generator App sending you portions of the Content as part of a notification or analyzing the data to identify motion or other events. If you have recording features enabled, we will capture, process, and retain video and audio recordings from your device, which you will be able to access, for the duration of your recording subscription period.
You may save and choose to share Content for others to access using the Services. We will collect and store information required for us to save or share your Content.
We may also draw upon this Personal Information and Content to modify and customize the Services to better suit your needs, improve the effectiveness of our network and Services, and develop new tools to enhance usability and security. Under no circumstance will any employee or agent of AI Art Generator App ever look at your private videos within your account unless given express consent to do so.
Contact us
It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at
support@airshow.dev
, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.