With your agreement, we and
our 17 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Store and/or access information on a device
, Vivendi Group entities data optimization
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
GAMELOFT PRIVACY POLICY FOR DISNEY DREAMLIGHT VALLEY - APPLE ARCADE
Last Updated (or Effective Date): November 27, 2023.
Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously.
This Privacy Policy is specific to Gameloft’s game
Disney Dreamlight Valley
, offered on Apple Arcade. It describes the limited information Gameloft collects through this game on Apple Arcade and how we use, disclose, share, and store it (when necessary). It also describes your rights and choices about such collection, use, sharing, and storage. If you do not want Gameloft to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to use our Services (as described below).
Gameloft SE, including its subsidiary companies (“Gameloft”, “we”), collects, stores, and uses your information as a data controller in connection with, and in order to provide and develop, Gameloft’s game Disney Dreamlight Valley (hereinafter referred to as the “Services”) in accordance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
The Services available on Apple Arcade and used on supported devices are governed by this Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you hereby acknowledge that you have reviewed this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please see the “How to contact us” section below.
1 – Information we collect: Purposes and uses
The game is available in online and offline modes.
1.1 What information do we collect and process both
online and offline
?
Login authentication.
We rely on Game Center to authenticate you in the game. When you connect to the game server, we collect and process your GamePlayer ID as well as technical information related to your device (not linked to you as a player).
We collect and process this information in order to validate the information sent by you and give you access to the service. We use Apple’s Identity Verification algorithm to carry out this action.
Monitor your progress.
We collect and process your game and player saves, including your game progress and profile information.
1.2 What information do we collect and process
online only
? (it is not accessible offline)
DreamSnaps feature.
When you access DreamSnaps from the game, during the submission phase you share an image so that the other players can vote to their favourite one. Note that our Customer Care service screens the image to ensure that it is appropriate. If your image won the vote, we will send your rewards through your mailbox in game.
Multiplayer feature.
You have the possibility to host or join a multiplayer game.
To access and use these online features, w
e may collect your consent to the
collection of information which are processed to provide you with such features, such as your
device and session information, platform identifiers and you profile information (such as your avatar).
You can update your preferences at any time from the game settings. Please note that the refusal of certain data collection or revocation of consent to such data collection (e.g platform identifier) will set the game in offline mode, which will restrict the availability of online features.
1.3 Specific attention
In any case,
either in offline or online mode
please note that:
Limited social features may exist through Apple’s Game Center integration for those who choose to log in but we do not collect any personal data in connection with your account,
We do not perform analytics operations,
We do not provide for social features enabling direct and/or free forms of communication between users.
Should you contact our Customer Care or Data Protection Teams for privacy requests, outside of the app, we may collect your personal data (such as your name and email address) to analyse and solve your request.
1.4 Where is this information stored?
We work with two cloud partners:
iCloud
, which is Apple's cloud solution, and
PlayFab
, which is Microsoft's cloud solution. The breakdown is as follows:
Features relying on iCloud
Features relying on PlayFab
Saving your data
Authentication – Login with Game Center
DreamSnaps – Player Reporting & Banning
Multiplayer – Player Reporting & Banning
Multiplayer – Connection Validation with Server
Information collected and stored in
iCloud
, either in offline and online modes:
Your player profile (
avatar name, time played, game version, game progress
), device type (
e.g iPhone, iPad etc) and device ID (random generated unique id).
Information shared based on your consent to provide you with additional online features (listed above).
Information collected and stored in
PlayFab
, strictly in
online mode:
Your GamePlayerID used for login with Game Center authentication,
Your progress in the game,
Your online progress for items rewarded via social features like DreamSnaps,
The content (image) you generated by using DreamSnaps.
2 – How we retain your information
At any time, you may obtain the deletion of:
On-device data, by uninstalling the application from your device;
Online data, by requesting to our Customer Care department, associated data will be deleted from our servers and all the 3rd party entities' servers. You can also do this by clicking on the "delete all data" button in the game settings.
Your game progress, from your iCloud account, by accessing your device settings.
In addition, you may request the deletion of your information pursuant to Section 6 – Your Rights of this Policy.
Please note that we are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If your request does not fall within the scope of the above exemption, when you request the deletion of your data or click on "delete all data", we will not be able to restore this data afterwards from our data servers, (note that iCloud data remains intact to comply with Apple’s terms). This is because the deletion process is irreversible, as required by data protection regulations.
Unless you do so,
Gameloft retains, uses and stores your information as long as you are playing our games or using our Services, and also for the period necessary to fulfill all the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, in compliance with the applicable laws of your country of residence and no more than 2 calendar years since your last game launch.
We want to inform you that a longer retention period could be required to resolve disputes, or answer regulatory or police requests. In such cases, the collected information will be used and stored until the request is closed.
Customer Care-related information will be stored for the necessary time to handle your request, and then promptly deleted after the case is closed.
3 – How we share your information
In order to operate the Services, your personal information may be accessible to Gameloft’s authorized personnel within Gameloft’s studios or entities, and to the third parties detailed hereinafter
.
We use third-party services and technologies that have (i) no access to your information such as supporting game functions (Unity) or (ii) limited access to your information for authentication, multiplayer features and cloud saves  (as described in section 1), security, debug and fraud prevention and customer care (outside of the game). They assist us with our operations.
Such third parties are authorized to use your information for these purposes only. We take measures to ensure that your personal information is handled securely and lawfully, and that it will receive an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
If you decide, while using our Services, to use social sharing features such as “Share” or “Like” on third-party social network sites, please note that this may allow the sharing and collection of personal and non-personal information both to and from such third-party social networks. You should visit the policies of such third parties for more information about their information collection practices.
4 – Children
The game’s content and offline features are suitable for young audiences. Please note that, to prevent underage players from viewing or creating content that could be offensive or personally identifiable, online features will not be available for underage users.
For any privacy requests or for any questions regarding Gameloft’s privacy practices and/or this Policy, we strongly encourage parents and/or legal guardians of underage users to reach out to our Customer Care or Data Protection Teams (please refer to Section 9 – How to contact us).
If you believe we may have unintentionally collected personal data about your child without proper consent, you may contact us so that we may delete such data as soon as possible.
For more information about Apple’s disclosures, please visit
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/parent-disclosure/
.
5 – Information Security
We do not collect personal data within the framework of provision and operation of this game. However, please note that where applicable, our general privacy standards are to implement security measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain information security, and correctly use data collected through our Services. Where applicable, we take, and require applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect our players’ data against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no transmission of information over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
6 – Your rights
Should you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, our privacy standards and practices and/or the way your information is handled pursuant to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us via the addresses provided under Section 9 – How to contact us hereunder. Parents or legal guardians of children or minors may reach out to us and exercise their rights for their children.
You can exercise the privacy rights granted by applicable data protection regulations at any time, by requesting access to, or rectification or erasure of, your information. You are also enabled to withdraw your consent to data collection and processing, or ask for the deletion of your information. There requests may be issued using the following
forms
, which are available at any time and accessible via this Privacy Policy.
As part of receiving and handling your requests, our Customer Care team has access to your identification and contact information (such as your name and email address, as provided as part of the request), and to information regarding your game (game, country and platform). To the extent applicable, Customer Care may also receive technical information to identify your player profile. To monitor the request and to treat it efficiently, Customer Care also generates additional information for their internal use (for instance, an identifier attached to the request, the type of request, the date of reception, etc.).
In some cases, to identify the requester, we may need to verify the identity of the requester with a copy of an ID or a passport. This copy will be safely destroyed within two months of your request being received and closed.
Our team will look into your request and answer you within one month, unless your request requires further investigation. You will be specifically informed if that is the case.
Please note that, to the extent that an information and its processing are necessary for the provision of the Services, including for the operation of the game, game functionality and/or specific features may be affected by your requests.
7 – Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be re-posted in the "Privacy" section of our Services with the date the modifications were made indicated at the top of the page. We will also provide you with additional notice of such changes by providing an alert within the Apple Arcade game. However, you should still review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it.  Should you seek further information about any recent changes made, please send your request to DataProtectionSupport[at]gameloft.com and include “Information about Changes” in the subject line.
8 – Legal disclaimer
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of your country of residence. Any dispute arising from the use of the Services shall be submitted to the competent courts of your country of residence.
9 – How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us:
Through the Customer Care link on Gameloft's website, or
Through the feedback form on the App Store.
If you have general questions about privacy at Gameloft, please:
Send an email to DataProtectionSupport[at]gameloft.com, or
Write to the Gameloft Data Protection Officer, 14 rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/parent-disclosure/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
Your Child’s Apple Account
With the Apple Account you create for your child, they will be able to take advantage of Apple features and services that use Apple Account. For example, your child will be able to:
Make and receive FaceTime video and voice calls.
Create and share content such as photos, videos, audio messages, and texts using Camera, Photos, Messages, Mail, Schoolwork, and other Apple apps.
Create and share documents and data with other people through iCloud public and private sharing. Depending on the selected settings, this may include your child’s name and contact information, if provided.
Share their precise location with family members and friends using Find My, Messages, and other apps that use Location Services, and use Find My to locate supported devices and accessories. If you share your child’s precise location with your family when you create your child’s Apple Account or set up your child’s Apple Watch using Apple Watch for Your Kids, your child’s precise location will be shared with all family members, including any new members added later. Your child can change their location sharing settings unless this is restricted in Screen Time or Family Sharing.
Access shared calendars, which allow you and your child to share past and future scheduled events with other members of your family.
Access, stream, and download content and subscriptions that other family members have purchased, including music, movies, TV shows, podcasts, apps and in-app purchases, books, Apple Arcade, Apple Music, Apple News+, and Apple TV+.
Make purchases and download free content in Apple Music, the App Store, Apple Books, and the Apple TV app; make in-app purchases; and subscribe to Apple Arcade, Apple News+, Apple TV+, and Apple Music, all subject to the Ask to Buy settings you set.
Receive recommendations in Apple Music and the Apple TV app.
Play games and interact with other users using Game Center and share information with others, including your child’s Game Center nickname, avatar, and friends.
Make and receive payments using Apple Pay services like Transit and Apple Cash if you set up their accounts, and keep and use passes like tickets and boarding passes in the Wallet app.
Track and share health information, such as heart rate, blood pressure, or nutrition, and fitness and activity data. If they use an Apple Watch, they can choose to share their workout and activity data with other Apple Watch users through Activity Sharing, including details such as steps and distance covered in a day. If they use the Health app, they can also start to share certain health information with other Health app users in their Contacts through Health Sharing, including a subset of their historical health data and future updates relating to the data your child shares. Your child can still maintain a sharing relationship with another Health app user after that user has been deleted from their Contacts.
Store photos, videos, documents, notes, contacts, calendars, mail, backups, and other app data, including Apple Arcade game play activity, in iCloud.
Controls for Parents
Family Sharing enables you to seamlessly share the content you choose with your family. However, there may be times when you want to limit your child’s access to certain types of content or resources available to the rest of the family. To help you manage your child’s access to Apple Account services and features, we offer a few different sets of controls for parents. These include Screen Time, Restrictions, and Family Sharing’s Ask to Buy feature. Controls for spending and receipt of funds using Apple Pay services like Apple Cash are available in Wallet.
Screen Time
If you or your child are using iOS 12 or later, iPadOS, or macOS, you can use the Screen Time feature to set limits on your child’s use across any iOS, iPadOS, or macOS devices where they are signed in. For example, you can set daily time limits for app categories via App Limits, and set specific hours where screen time is not allowed via Downtime; limit access to certain features, apps, or categories of apps; set limits on making purchases or downloading content, and set age-based content restrictions for movies, music, books, and other content. On visionOS, certain Screen Time restrictions such as App Limits and Downtime may not be available, and will not carry over to the child account that is signed in to an Apple Vision Pro even if they were used to set limits for that child account in iOS, iPadOS, or macOS. For more information, visit
Use Screen Time on Apple Vision Pro
.
If you are using Apple Watch for Your Kids and have enabled Schooltime, you have the ability to determine when use of certain features of the Apple Watch by your family members will be restricted. If your family member unlocks their watch during Schooltime, you can view unlocks in the Apple Watch app on your iPhone. This information is sent to Apple end-to-end encrypted, but will be tied to your Apple Account solely to allow Apple to provide information about unlocks.
Restrictions
If you or your child are using a version of iOS earlier than iOS 12, you can set restrictions for your child on any iOS or iPadOS device they use or on Apple TV by going to Settings > General > Restrictions. Using these settings, you can limit features such as FaceTime, Camera, and Safari, multiplayer gaming and certain social media apps, and also designate content appropriate for your child. This is an important step in managing your child’s activity on Apple devices. You can also set restrictions for Apple services such as Apple TV app on third-party devices and certain content on the web in Settings.
These restrictions and parental controls should be set on each device your child uses.
Family Sharing and Ask to Buy
Family Sharing allows you to share purchases, subscriptions, and more with up to five other family members that you designate via their Apple Accounts. Ask to Buy is a feature of Family Sharing that allows you to review and approve downloads and purchases requested by your child, including in-app purchases and free downloads, on the App Store, the iTunes Store, or Apple Books. Ask to Buy is on by default for any users under 13 (or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction) who are added to a family. If you choose to turn off Ask to Buy for your child, you will receive information about purchases, including in-app purchases, only through the App Store or otherwise using iTunes in the emailed receipt (sent 24–72 hours after purchase) or on your credit card bill.
Note that apps purchased through our Volume Purchase Plan, redownloaded, or downloaded with a redemption code may not be subject to Ask to Buy restrictions.
Creating Your Child’s Apple Account
In order to create an Apple Account for your child, we must first obtain your consent to this Family Privacy Disclosure for Children (“Disclosure”) and to
Apple's Privacy Policy
, which is incorporated herein by reference. If there is a conflict between Apple’s Privacy Policy and this Disclosure, the terms of this Disclosure will take precedence.
In order to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and similar laws in other jurisdictions, where applicable, that govern the online collection of data from children, Apple may take additional steps to help verify that the user granting permission for the creation of a child’s Apple Account is their parent or legal guardian. Accordingly, in these jurisdictions, you may be asked to verify your current iTunes, iCloud, or Apple Store payment method. Depending on the payment method, this can be done using the security code from your credit card or similar verification method. Alternatively, you may have the option to verify your age using your identity card in Wallet or verify using your Apple Account.
We ask for this information so that we can verify your identity as the Family Organizer or Parent / Guardian and then obtain your consent to the collection of personal information from your child.
We will not knowingly collect, use, or disclose any personal information from your child without your verifiable parental consent unless a COPPA exception applies. Once you have reviewed this Disclosure and
Apple's Privacy Policy
and provided verifiable parental consent, you will be able to create an
Apple Account
for your child. Your child will be able to use their Apple Account to access Apple features and services that use Apple Account, except those you have restricted in Screen Time or Restrictions. However, your child’s account cannot be removed from your Family, unless their Apple Account is deleted, they turn 13 years of age (or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction), or you transfer them to another Family. Once your child reaches the age of 13 (or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction), they will be permitted to maintain their account without participating in Family Sharing.
Collection of Information
As part of the process of creating an Apple Account for your child, we will ask you to provide information required to create an account that may include your child’s full name, date of birth, an email address, a password, answers to three security questions, a phone number, and a country of residence. Your child’s date of birth will be used to determine eligible services and suggest parental controls.
We may collect other information from your child that in some cases has been defined under COPPA as personal information. For example, when your child is signed in to their Apple Account, we may collect things like device identifiers, cookies, IP addresses, and the geographic locations and time zones in which their Apple device is used, including precise location to support services such as Find My. We may also collect information about your child’s activities and interactions on our websites, apps, products, and services, including content provided by third-party developers. Additional details on our collection of information are set forth in
Apple's Privacy Policy
.
Use of Information
As set forth in
Apple's Privacy Policy
, Apple may use your child’s information to communicate important notices and send information, product and service information and notifications, provide services and content, and improve our products, content, and services. For example, we may use your child’s age to provide age-appropriate information about their privacy rights and parental controls. We may also use their information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research.
We may use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information (data that does not, on its own, permit direct association with your child’s identity) for any purpose. For example, we may aggregate and use information about customer activities on our website, iCloud services, and the iTunes Store, and from our other products and services, to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information.
The Personalized Ads setting is off and cannot be enabled for a child’s Apple Account. Your child will not receive advertising, including advertising that is targeted to their interests from Apple’s advertising platform on devices associated with a child’s Apple Account and non-targeted (that is, contextual) advertising on those devices. In addition, the Allow Apps to Ask to Track setting will be disabled and cannot be enabled. Apps and advertisers will be restricted from accessing the Advertising Identifier provided by the operating system, and are also responsible for complying with Apple’s guidelines prohibiting them from engaging in targeted advertising or advertising measurement, or sharing information with data brokers.
Sharing of Information
Using their Apple Account and subject to your restrictions, your child may share information with others depending on the Apple features and services (such as those described above) that they use.
Family Sharing
As part of Family Sharing, your child’s information including their past and future purchases in the App Store, the iTunes Store, Apple Books, or Apple TV app may be shared with members of your Family if purchase sharing is turned on. Subject to the restrictions you set, your child may also choose to share their information with members of your Family through iCloud Photo Sharing, shared calendars and reminders, Find My, and location sharing. If you, your child, or another member of your family signs in to an Apple device such as Apple TV, the device may suggest adding other family members by displaying their Apple Account name and profile photo.
Additionally, if your child signs in to their Apple Account on a device that is owned by a third party (such as a friend’s or a school’s iPad), your child’s information, as well as the shared information of other members of your Family, may be downloaded and visible to others using that device, unless and until your child’s Apple Account is signed out of that device.
Partners
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, if you choose to enable an Apple Cash account for your child, their information will be shared with Apple’s partner bank, Green Dot Bank, to provide you the service you have requested. Personal information from your child will be shared by Apple only to provide or improve our products and services; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Service Providers
Apple shares personal information with companies that provide services such as information processing, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to you or your child, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, assessing your or your child’s interest in our products and services, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your child’s information and may be located wherever Apple operates.
Others
It may be necessary—for example, because of the law, legal process, litigation, and requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence—for Apple to disclose your or your child’s personal information. We may also disclose personal information about you or your child if we determine that, for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose personal information about you or your child if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale, we may transfer any and all personal information that we have collected to the relevant third party.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
If at any time you want to access, correct, or delete data associated with Family Sharing or your child’s Apple Account, contact us at:
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
Or by using the contact information below:
Apple
One Apple Park Way
Cupertino, CA 95014
+1 408 996 1010
Consent to Apple’s Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Child’s Information
By clicking Agree, you consent to Apple’s collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s information as set forth in
Apple's Privacy Policy
and this Disclosure.
Note: This consent does not apply to the data collection practices of any third parties. Third parties, including the developers of apps downloaded by any Family member and accessible by your child through Family Sharing, that may collect, use, or disclose your child’s information, are responsible for obtaining separate verifiable parental consent. We encourage you to ask your child to check with you before they grant access to any of their personal information to such third parties.
Note: Apple routinely releases software updates for our devices. When we do so, these updates will be available for download on the relevant device, including devices on which your child may use their Apple Account. We recommend that you initiate the update and review and agree to the applicable terms, such as those for iOS, macOS, and visionOS, on any such device.
If you have any questions or concerns about
Apple's Privacy Policy
or this Disclosure, contact us at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.