Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used at our Service.
The Information We Collect
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you – such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc. – unless you choose to complete registration and become a Member and affirmatively consent to our collection of such personally identifiable information.

We do automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Service. We call this information “Anonymous Data”. Anonymous Data is non-personally identifiable information about your use or the aggregate use of all users that allows us to provide analytics and information on application or Instagram performance, trends, and other metrics that may be useful to users or us. Anonymous Data includes, but is not limited to, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g. Comcast, Verizon FIOS, etc.), the country a mobile device is used in, the time zone of use, the type of mobile device, non-personally identifiable information about use or performance of an Instagram account, and similar information.

We also use your Instagram account username and other self-reported information like niche and account type to analyze how you use the application so we can make the experience better for you.

We will not sell your Instagram account data or statistical information unless you affirmatively opt-in for it. We may anonymize your data and then use it to calculate aggregate statistics. For example, we may use your best time to post, your follower count, account niche, and account type to contribute to an aggregated best time to post. With such analytics, however, your username and personally identifiable information will not be accessible.
How We Normally Use Information About You
We use non-personally identifiable information to analyze site usage, which allows us to improve the design and content of our site. These activities may include, but are not limited to:

Administering, protecting, operating and maintaining the Service and our systems; Improving the navigation and content of our Service, system administration and security; Compiling aggregated statistics about the site usage and to better understand the preferences of our site visitors; Carrying out research and development to improve our services; Carrying out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes about which we will notify our visitors. Generating reports concerning hashtag use, Instagram trends, and other information about the Instagram environment.

In the ordinary course, we use personally identifiable information you provide solely to respond to your inquiry or process an application form you have completed on various sections of our Service. These activities may include, but are not limited to:

Responding to your specific inquiry or request and providing you with information and access to resources that you have requested from us; Processing and completing business transactions and sending related information, including transaction confirmations, document executions, invoices, and payments; Sending information to you about your account, technical alerts or updates, and other administrative or service-related communications; Helping personalize your experience on our Services (for example, we may use IP addresses to approximate your general location such as city and state for purposes such as to provide information on local promotions and events); Helping deliver our services to our visitors and providing customer service and support.

However, it is possible, though unlikely, that we might be forced to disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency’s request.

Also, we cannot guarantee the privacy of personal information you transmit over the web or that may be collectible in transit by others, including third parties who provide services to us.
Sharing Information With Third Parties
Tensortech Apps may from time to time engage third parties to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by Tensortech Apps from its customers and to maintain records that allow us to efficiently communicate with you and provide, recommend appropriate services, execute documents, provide invoices, and collect payment. In all such cases, third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as Tensortech Apps and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy.
Analytics & Advertising
We may use cookies in order to facilitate the use of analytics tools and/or similar applications designed for measuring Service performance (collectively “Analytics”), with respect to our users. We may use personally identifiable information together with Analytics to track and analyze the web pages visitors visit so that we can better understand and improve our services.

We do not deliver third party online advertisements on our Service, but we may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads for our services when you access and use other Services, based on the information relating to your access to and use of our Service, as well as information received from third parties. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags).
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Our site contains links to other sites, including social media sites and applications, whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this policy or any part of it from time to time. Please review the policy periodically for changes. We will notify you of any material changes we make and you will have the opportunity to opt out at that time.