Link One
Link Two
Link Three
Events
Get the app
FAQs
FAQs
Event maps
Updated event info
Book car parking (where applicable)
Centralised transport information
And much more...
Take me there!
You trust us with your personal information, so we strive to always be clear and honest about how and why we will use it. Read more about what we collect about you and your choices and rights.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence by handling your personal information with respect and putting you in control.
It’s important that you know what personal information MCD Productions in partnership with Evntz Savy collect about you, and how we use it.
We’ve done our best to make our explanations short and easy to understand.  But, if you’d like further information, or have any questions, please contact us using the details in the ‘Contact’ section below.
If we ever make any major changes to our privacy practices, we’ll let you know. If necessary, we’ll also ask for your permission.
PRIVACY NOTICE
Our Privacy Notice has been designed with you in mind. How the notice applies to you will depend on the way in which you interact with us. It also explains how we communicate with you and how you can make requests or submit inquiries to us about your information. Thank you for taking the time to read and understand our data and privacy related practices.
Your choices and rights under each scenario are explained in more detail below.
SUMMARY
(Scroll down to read the full policy)
What Information We Have & Where We Get It
When you register we collect and store your name and email address to create a personalised profile account for you,  this name and email is the integral core link to your in app activities , we also collect additional information when you make a purchase in app or when you correspond with customer service team
Who We Share Your Information With & Why
Where applicable we share your information with Event Partner(s) MCD /Festival republic and third parties such as Evntz Savy (app developers) and sponsorship partners.
Your Choices & Rights
Among other rights, you can choose whether to receive marketing from us. You also have the right to access the information we have about you.
Looking After Your Information
We’re always taking steps to make sure your information is protected and to delete it securely when we no longer need it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedback about this notice, or how we handle your information, get in touch with us.
WHAT INFORMATION WE HAVE & WHERE WE GET IT
When we collect your personal information (Name & email ) upon registration it is the integral core connection to connect  your personalised in customer service, app wallet and rewards .We store it in our customer databases, such as our customer services platforms to manage any queries you have, and our marketing system in order to be able to communicate with you, and to link your profile to your rewards subject to your choices.
How We Use Your Information & Why
The Name and email associated with your profile is the name and email used to :
Issue personalised customer service communication with you when you request customer support in app in relation to any listed events in app overall
Issue confirmation QR code and event directional information in relation to your bookings such as event car parking tickets and merchandise
Link your personalised event wallet
Connect rewards earned in app to you as user
Issue you direct important event information updates for events you have saved in “my events”
Evntz App is a centralised personalised fan platform, your personal information (Name and email) is essential to the core functionality of the app , to connect your in app activities to your personal profile we will only use this data in relation to essential in app services.
We collect and use your information for lots of reasons such as personalising your overall event experience ,sharing event news, for marketing and as otherwise required by law.
When you create an account & buy from us.
When you make. A purchase via in app bookings we will collect your contact and billing information directly from you.
When using our website and apps.
When you use our websites or apps, we may use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons and technology like GPS and WiFi to passively collect data about you, such as the browser and device you're using, your IP address, your location, the site you came from, what you did and didn't use our site/app for, or the site you visit when you leave us. For more information on how we collect this information, see our Cookies Policy.
Onsite safeguarding when attending an event.
When attending an event at a venue or festival in order to provide a safe and secure site for you, we may process personal information about you to be able to enforce appropriate access management, their purposes for being onsite, and any experiences or issues that may arise. As part of our safeguarding policies and procedures, we process personal information about incidents and visitor wellbeing.
When entering competitions.
When you enter into competitions we run, we’ll use your information to administer your entry and contact you if you’ve been successful. If the prize is administered by a third party, we’ll let you know who they are.
When interacting with our loyalty programs.
Connect rewards earned in app to you as user , Fan rewards  (Evntz coins) are applicable across in app purchases and fan community photo engagement (When launched)
When you contact our fan experience & customer support teams.
When you contact our Customer Services teams with a query or provide us with feedback, we record that interaction for evidentiary purposes and to provide support related to your query.
When you use social media and online public forums.
When you use a social media feature within our website or apps, and you post to social media platforms, or post on a public space or on one of our websites. The social media site will provide us with some information about you.
Geodemographic data suppliers.
We use suppliers such as advertising and marketing partners who collate geodemographic data which assists us in better personalising our services to you, like your age range, or gender, or information about events you like or products you buy. If you’d prefer that we do not do this, see the ‘Your Rights & Choices’ section below.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION & WHY
For the performance of our contract with you
When you make purchases.
We use your information when you enter into a contract or transaction with us (such as car parking tickets or merchandise) so we can:
process your order;
take payment;
send you customer service emails, including  QR order confirmations and event directional information associated with your booking;
provide you with centralised overall event customer support; and
Assign your in app rewards
Centralise and store your personalise bookings in your in app wallet
Event Partner(s).
To share with Event Partner(s) who provide services for the event to enable them to run the event on our behalf, allocate seating or notify you if there has been a change to the event or provide important event information.
For our legitimate business interests
Marketing.
In line with what is stated below and where local laws permit, to contact you with information or offers regarding upcoming events, products or services (applicable to markets that rely on this lawful basis) – this may be via email, via push and internet notification, or on social media platforms. You can change your marketing preferences at any time' see the section “Your choices and rights below.
Advertising & cookies.
In line with what is stated below and where local laws permit, to deliver tailored advertising and marketing communications on our websites and apps depending on your market. (See our Cookies Policy for more information).
Market research & fan feedback.
To conduct market research and analysis which helps improve and customise our products and services, or to contact you with satisfaction surveys, or to participate in user research (such as focus groups). We include an unsubscribe option for this kind of contact should you no longer wish to receive them.
Images.
Where you attend our events your image may be captured for the purposes of event safety and security. Where you choose to use the memory feature in the app, any images uploaded will be processed by MCD Productions and Evntz Savy.
Personalisation.
To make sure our messages and website are relevant to you (depending on your preferences ), for example, when you favourite artists and genres, if you purchased tickets, attend shows with friends, we will inform you about similar events we think you might be interested in. We create a user profile with the information we know about you and how you use our services. By turning personalisation off you won’t get any personal recommendations and any newsletters you’ve subscribed to will be generic (although if you’ve asked to receive alerts about specific artists or venues, you’ll still receive these).
We will still perform profiling activities where we need to do so to deliver our services to you, for example for fraud screening purposes and where you specifically request we do so
For our overriding legitimate business interests
To prevent or detect unlawful behaviour, to protect or enforce our legal rights or as otherwise permitted by law.
For example, making sure tickets get into the hands of real fans. As such, we may use your information to prevent ticket touting, misuse of our intellectual property (e.g., our or our Event Partner's brands), fraud, or other crimes.
Event security.
To protect our fans and ensure the security of our and our Event Partners’ operations.
Where you’ve given your consent
Marketing.
Where local laws permit, to contact you with information or offers regarding upcoming events, products or services (applicable to markets that rely on this lawful basis) – this may be via email, via push and internet notification, or on social media platforms. You can change your marketing preferences at any time' see the section “Your choices and rights below.
Location services.
For example, our apps request location permission for functions like browsing events near your location and receiving push notifications about them or seeing yourself on the map at an event.
Crowd management analytics.
Some of our apps use crowd management software so we can see how many people are at a particular stage, or when the busiest times at the bars are.  This helps us more efficiently allocate our resources. We turn this on shortly before the festival or event and turn it off shortly after so we’re not tracking devices when we don’t need to.
Advertising & cookies.
Where local laws permit, to deliver tailored advertising and marketing communications on our websites and app (See our Cookies Policy for more information).
Commercial Partners.
We sometimes work with Commercial Partners who we share data with. These are third party data controllers that we work with to provide additional value-add services, such as our travel packages, sponsors or exclusive presale deals. In some circumstances, where sharing is not necessary for us to perform the contract, you have requested, we will request your consent prior to sharing and provide information regarding what will be shared with whom.
To protect your vital interests
Health and Safety. Any information collected by us or our third-party partners in compliance with applicable health and safety requirements, will only be used to contact attendees or shared with relevant local, government officials. This information is regularly deleted.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH & WHY
Third parties who perform services on our behalf.
Our third-party service providers, some of     which may be located outside of your jurisdiction. These include:
App development partners who provide the infrastructure and databases for our apps to operate effectively.
A Cloud hosting providers, who provide the IT infrastructure on which our global products and systems are built;
Payment platforms, who provide the infrastructure to process payments;
Customer service teams/CRM providers , who support in responding to queries you may have;
Information security providers, who help us keep our platforms safe and secure; and;
Marketing providers, who power our data analytics, marketing communications and advertising.
Event Partners.
Event Partners such as MCD/Festival republic who manage and organsie the events we are working across . We share your information with our Event Partners so that they can run the event and for other reasons described in their privacy policies.
Commercial Partners.
These are third parties we work with to provide additional value-add services. As the Commercial Partners we work with varies between services, we use just-in-time information to let you know when data will be shared with them and that it will be processed in accordance with their privacy notice.
Disclosures under law.
We may share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share information if a government agency or investigatory body here permitted or required by law. Or, we may share information when we are investigating potential fraud.
Successors.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this.
YOUR CHOICES & RIGHTS
Your choices
Where you have given us your consent you can withdraw it by doing the following:
Delete your account in your profile directly
Contact us directly via email via contact section below
To stop receiving our marketing you can follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of the emails, we send you or contact us and we will do it for you.
To opt out of the use of cookies and tracking tools, please see our Cookies Policy. This can also be done my updating your preferences in the cookie management tool on any of our websites and apps via the App settings.
To opt out of location tracking and push notifications, you can change the settings on your device or keep your location off. To stop web push notifications, you will need to use your browser settings.
Where we have relied on a legitimate interest (applicable to our markets that rely on legitimate interest), you can object to it by doing the following:
To object to receiving our marketing you can follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of the emails we send you, or contact us and we will do it for you.
To object to personalisation, you can contact us to change your preferences within your account and we will do it for you.
To object to being contacted as part of fan feedback, you can unsubscribe through the mechanisms in the messages to you or contact us and we will do it for you.
Your rights
The right to delete your profile/account directly via the delete account option in your app profile, or to contact us and request us to do so for you, otherwise known as erasure, or restricted from further use.
The right to request a copy of the information we hold about you, also known as a right of access.
The right to correct, amend or update information you have given us (where you have an account with us you can also do this by logging in and updating your information).
The right to contest any automated decision we make about you. An automated decision is a decision taken without any human intervention which has legal consequences (e.g. credit checking). We don’t typically carry out automated decision making but, if we do, we will make it clear where such decisions are being made.
To exercise any of the above rights please contact us  via contact details below please use the email associated with your account in order for us to locate your personal data. You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. For an authorized agent to be considered verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written affidavit to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing an agent’s request. Failure to follow these instructions may result in our inability to process your request. Please note that whilst we will carefully assess every request we receive, your rights and the time period for actioning a right may differ. We will endeavour to respond within 10 working days, if this differs, we will explain why. Depending on the sensitivity of the information requested and the type of request, we may require additional information to verify your identity before responding. We will respond to your request within 45 days if possible and required under the law. Please note that if you we deny your request, you may appeal this denial by contacting us using the information at the bottom of this policy.
LOOKING AFTER YOUR INFORMATION
We have security measures in place to protect your information. The security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name, contact us. We are not responsible for third party websites and apps. If you click on a third-party link, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. Our site may also serve third-party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies
We only keep your information for as long as required to provide you with the services you request, for the purposes outlined in this policy and for any legal purposes for which we are obliged to keep the information. For example, we retain certain purchase information for accounting and tax purposes even after you have deleted your account. Our retention rules are dependent on whether the information is necessary to provide the product or service, what consents have been provided around the use of personal information and what statutory, contractual, or other legal obligations do we have to retain personal information.
We will securely delete your information when it is no longer required for these purposes, in line with our company policies.
CONTACT US
Should you require to contact us in relationto any aspect please email us directly at
privacy@evntz.app
‍