Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Nikita Chizhov (“we,” “our,” or “us”) values the privacy of individuals who use the mobile application, and related services. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the information that we gather from visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service (“Users” or “you”), how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By using the mobile application, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
While using the mobile application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, other contact and demographic information, and payment information. You may provide us with Personal Information when you use the mobile application, make a purchase on, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
We collect information about how you access and interact with the mobile application, such as device type, IP address, operating system, browser type, address of a referring website, activity on our website, device ID, access dates and times, and other system activity. We may collect certain information by automated means using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, browser analysis tools, server logs, and mobile identifiers. In many cases the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable manner without reference to Personal Information.
When you use the mobile application, we collect geo-location information from your device to determine your physical location through data such as GPS, IP address, and WiFi.
Third parties may also use cookies, web beacons, or other devices to collect information when you use the mobile application. We does not control any cookies or other data collection tools that may be placed on the Service by a third party, and this Policy does not cover the use of such cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such third parties to find out more about the information that may be collected by them and the choices you have regarding the collection, use, and sharing of such information. You may be able to “opt out” of the collection of information through cookies or other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device.
Using TrueDepth API
Since the functionality of some applications is completely based on face recognition, in order to use our application, we will need it to process your images captured by the camera of the device. However, all images captured by your mobile phone camera will be processed exclusively on your device and will not be sent to our servers, i.e. we do not have access to such images (we will not collect, share or store them).
The facial recognition algorithms used in the processing of your images are not capable of identifying a specific person and therefore cannot generally be considered as collecting biometric information. However, in the event that applicable law provides that camera images or facial geometry generated by an application are considered biometric identifiers, biometric information or a similar legal category, you hereby provide your informed written consent to their processing as described in this Policy.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your information to:
provide customer service, send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
detect and prevent fraud operate, protect, and optimize the mobile application and your experience, such as by performing analytics and conducting research, troubleshoot and protect against errors
personalize and improve the mobile application monitor and analyze usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the mobile application, develop new features
.
Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate or de-identified information.
Third-Party Sites and Services
‍The mobile application may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the mobile application, nor the information or content provided to or contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the mobile application to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our mobile application, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding.
We take measures designed to protect your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. To protect the confidentiality of information maintained in your Account, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Service by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Persons under the age of 13, or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides, are not permitted to create accounts unless their parent has consented in accordance with applicable law. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under the relevant minimum age without parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. Parents who believe that their child has submitted personal information to us and would like to have it deleted may contact us at chizhov.developer@gmail.com.
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THE POLICY
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes. If we modify this Policy, we will make it available through the mobile application and indicate the date of the latest revision. Your continued use of the mobile application after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the current version of this Policy.
CONTACT
Please contact us with any questions regarding this Policy at chizhov.developer@gmail.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it