Privacy Policy
These will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information
Table Of Content
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Collect Information
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
How We Protect Your Information
International Transfers
Your Legal Rights
Marketing Preferences
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Your Duty to Inform Us of Changes
Cookies
Contact Us
Introduction
Welcome to ScopeX, a service provided by Dviz Limited ("we", "us", "our"). ScopeX is a remittance platform that harnesses the power of blockchain technology to provide seamless, efficient, and cost-effective money transfer services. Our registered office is at 128, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX, UK, and our company registration number is 14819550.
At ScopeX, we understand the importance of your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) or use our mobile applications, and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how ScopeX collects and processes your personal data through your use of our platform, including any data you may provide through the platform when you sign up, use our services, or communicate with us.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
What Information We Collect
In order to provide our services, we need to collect certain types of information. The types of information we collect can be categorized as follows:
Personal Identification Information: This includes information that can be used to identify you as an individual. Examples include your name, email address, phone number, postal address, and date of birth.
Transactional Data: This includes details about payments to and from you, and other details of products and services you have purchased from us. This may also include information related to your financial transactions, such as your bank account details, payment card details, and details about your trading activities.
Technical Data: This includes information we collect from your devices as you use our platform. Examples include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our platform.
Communication Data: This includes information related to your communication preferences, your customer service interactions with us, and your feedback.
Usage Data: This includes information about how you use our website, products, and services. This could include your browsing patterns, the pages you visit, and the links you click on.
Marketing and Communications Data: This includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Please note that we do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How We Collect Information
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct Interactions: You may give us your personal identification, transactional, and communication data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Create an account on our platform
Subscribe to our service or publications
Request marketing to be sent to you
Enter a competition, promotion, or survey
Give us feedback or contact us
Automated Technologies or Interactions: As you interact with our platform, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies.
Third Parties or Publicly Available Sources: We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment, and delivery services
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect from you in several ways. These include:
To Register You as a New Customer: We use your personal identification information to create your account and register you as a new customer.
To Process and Deliver Your Transactions: We use your transactional data to process transactions, send money, manage payments, fees, and charges, and collect and recover money owed to us.
To Manage Our Relationship with You: This includes notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy, asking you to leave a review or take a survey, and enabling you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey.
To Improve Our Platform, Products/Services, Marketing, or Customer Relationships: We use your personal data to improve our platform and provide you with a better user experience. This could include troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data.
To Recommend Products or Services Which May Be of Interest to You: We use your data to suggest products or services that might interest you, and to show you relevant advertisements.
To Comply with Legal Obligations: We may process your personal data when we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Please note that we only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests, or where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
How We Share Your Information
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the paragraph above ("How We Use Your Information"):
Internal Third Parties: Other companies in the Dviz Limited group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in the EU provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties Service: Service providers (vendors) acting as processors based in and outside of the EU who provide IT and system administration services, financial transaction processing services, customer service, marketing efforts, and other business operations.
Specific Vendors: We may share your personal data with specific vendors that we partner with to provide certain services, such as money on and off-ramp services.
Potential Business Partners or Buyers: We may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets with other businesses. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
How We Protect Your Information
The security of your personal data is of utmost importance to us. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Our security measures include encryption of your data, security assessments of all service providers who may handle your personal data, regular planning to ensure we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents, and regular testing of our technology and ways of working, including disaster recovery and incident response drills.
International Transfers
ScopeX operates on a global scale which means it may be necessary to transfer your personal data internationally. In particular, your personal data may be transferred to and processed in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal data between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal data they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided on request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data: This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your personal data: This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data: This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
Object to processing of your personal data: This is in situations where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing your personal data: This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request transfer of your personal data: We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Right to withdraw consent: If we are relying on consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please
contact us
.
Marketing Preferences
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Your Duty to Inform Us of Changes
This version was last updated on 28/07/2023 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
cookie policy
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please
contact us
.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the appropriate data protection authority in your country. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the authority, so please contact us in the first instance.