PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: June 13, 2024.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
Welcome to Word Swag, the online and mobile products, applications and services of Oringe, Inc. ("Word Swag," "we," or "us"). Our Privacy Policy explains how Word Swag and its affiliates collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our platform (the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information. If you do not want your information processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy in general or any part of it, you should not use our Service. This policy applies to all users of the Service. BY USING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR COMMUNICATING WITH US, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, TRANSFER, PROCESS, STORAGE, DISCLOSURE, AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICE.
1. Information we collect.
We may collect and use the following types of information about you:
(a) Information you provide us directly. We may ask for certain information when you register for an account or correspond with us (such as a username, email address, your first and last names, phone number, physical address, password; profile information that you provide for your content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post or upload through the Service; information you provide to other users through the Service; and information that you submit to Word Swag in a message, request, feedback, search query, correspondence or other communication to us. If you do not provide your personal information to us, you may not be able to access or use our Service or your experience of using our Service may not be as enjoyable.
(b) Information we collect from you automatically. We will directly collect or generate certain information about your use of the Service (such as user activity data, analytics event data, and clickstream data) for data analytics and machine learning, and to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. We may also use third party analytics tools that automatically collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving the Service.
(c) Cookies information and information taken from similar technologies. We use cookies and similar technologies or tools to collect information about your activities through the Service. When you use the Service, we allow third-party companies to collect certain information. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels, or other similar technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at
www.aboutads.info
and Networking Advertising Initiative at
networkadvertising.org/choices/
. You can also control the use of cookies on your device at any time by changing your preferences or options in your browser settings. Each browser provides different mechanisms for managing cookies. You can usually find these settings in the "Options" or "Preferences" menu of your browser; otherwise, look at your browser's help menu to determine the best way to modify your browser's cookie storage. You can also block, disable, or delete the cookies that are stored on your device. However, blocking, disabling, or deleting cookies may limit your ability to view all the pages in the Service.
(d) Device identifiers. When you access the Service on a device (including smartphones or tablets), we may access, collect and/or monitor one or more "device identifiers," such as a universally unique identifier ("UUID"). Device identifiers are small data files that uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you use the Service. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in and navigate the Service better. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use of device identifiers is impaired. Device Identifiers used by Word Swag include the Android Advertising ID and iOS Advertising Identifier.
(e) Location data. Word Swag collects information in order to understand where its users are located for a number of reasons. It helps us to localize and personalize content, comply with local laws, undertake aggregated analytics, understand if its users use Word Swag for domestic, business or educational use, improve advertising efficiency and for tax purposes. Word Swag may collect your precise or approximate location: (i) from you, when you provide, correct or confirm your location (e.g., when you purchase products from us); (ii) by inferring your location from your IP address; and (iii) from our partners or your payment provider.
(f) Content within your account. We receive content that you create within your account and media you upload for use within it, such as designs, images, documents, videos, and metadata about your content.
2. How we use your information.
We use the information we collect about you for the purposes set out below:
To provide the functionality of the Service
To help us develop, deliver, test and improve the Service
To monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
To provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include sending promotional messages, marketing, advertising and other information that may be of interest to you
To diagnose or fix technology problems
To allow us to keep you posted on Word Swag's latest product announcements, application updates, and upcoming events
To provide customer support and respond to your inquiries and requests
To administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our third-party business partners
To find and prevent fraud
To resolve disputes, to protect the rights, property, or safety of Word Swag, our Service visitors, customers, or the public, and to enforce any legal terms that govern your use of the Service
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
For the performance of any contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract
Where you have given consent
For any other legitimate interest or those of a third party
To provide you with employment
The submission of your personal data is not mandatory. Any refusal to provide the consent will not have any effect other than our inability to provide you the products and/or services. In such situation, we shall not be liable for any losses, liabilities and damages whatsoever and howsoever arising thereof. At any time, you have the right to withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before the withdrawal.
3. Sharing your information.
(a) How we share your information
We share your information with third-party service providers for the purpose of providing the Service to you, to facilitate Word Swag's legitimate interests or if you consent. These service providers are vetted by us and will only be provided with access to your information as is reasonably necessary for the purpose that we have engaged the service provider. We require that such third parties comply with applicable laws, and have security, privacy and data retention policies consistent with our policies.
Some of the third parties we may share your personal information are service providers who assist with functions such as: customer support and customer management; data analytics and predictive analytics; data labelling and machine learning; advertising and marketing services; domain name registration and delivery of physical products.
(b)  Sharing in connection with a merger, acquisition or reorganization. We may share your information with companies or organizations connected or affiliated with Word Swag. We may also transfer your information to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Word Swag's business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
(c) Your employer. If you access Word Swag with an email address issued to you by your employer (either a business, non-profit or educational institution), and your employer has established an account with Word Swag (or is considering doing so), you acknowledge that Word Swag may share your name, email, and basic account information with your employer. If you do not use Word Swag in connection with your employment and do not wish for this information to be shared with your employer, you can opt out at any time by emailing us at privacy@wordswag.co.
(d) Sharing with other third parties
Word Swag will also share your information with third parties in certain circumstances, such as where you consent to our sharing it with a third party for a particular purpose.
You or your account administrator may also choose to work with third-party products integrated into Word Swag or third-party applications so that you can incorporate elements into your designs (e.g., YouTube, an application that uses the YouTube API Services and users agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy, and Google Drive), enhance your media (e.g., with duotone and shadows) or supercharge your workflow (e.g., with LinkedIn or Slack). Using third party-products or integrating with third party applications could involve importing data from that third party to Word Swag and/or exporting data from Word Swag to that third party. If this requires connecting your Word Swag account to your account on the third-party application, you will be asked for permission.
These third-party products and apps are not controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. You should review the terms and conditions of any third-party apps before connecting them to the Service. If you object to information about you being shared with these third parties, do not use the product or install the app.
(e) Sharing aggregate data. We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated such anonymized data with third parties.
(f) Sharing with authorities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users' rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your information.
4. Advertising.
We do not partner with third party ad servers, ad networks and social media platforms (like Facebook, Google, LiveRamp, Outbrain, Taboola and Appsflyer) to deliver personalized advertisements ("ads") on our Service and other sites. Word Swag does not share information with third party advertising partners. Word Swag does not sell or rent the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties' own marketing purposes. The Word Swag Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information.
Users may learn more about personalized and behavioral advertising and how to opt out of this type of advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance at
www.aboutads.info
and Networking Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
5. Retention of your Personal Data.
Data are retained as long as necessary for the performance of the services provided by the Service and to comply with legal obligations (including, auditing or taxation purposes), to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, and/or to prevent frauds and abuse. We will not retain your personal information for longer than is allowed under the applicable data protection laws and regulations or for longer than is justified for the purposes for which it was originally collected. We will delete the personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes for which it was collected, unless Word Swag is required by law to keep data for a certain period of time.
6. Keeping your information safe.
We treat the security for all information submitted or provided by you to us seriously and is of importance to us. We will take reasonable steps to protect or secure this data, including your personal data. Accordingly, we may require our employees or third-party service providers to assist us in implementing or applying appropriate securities measures (such as firewalls, penetration testing and etc.). You are also advised not to disclose and secure your own username and password.
7. Your choices about your information.
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation whether your personal data are being processed by us, and, in said circumstances, you have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of the same or restriction of processing, and to object to the processing at any time, as well as under certain circumstances the right to data portability. With respect to the data portability, you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request the transmission of said data.
With respect to the right to object where the processing is based on our legitimate interest, you can object to the processing at any time and we will cease processing your personal data unless we have a compelling legitimate reason to continue such processing or where the processing is needed for legal reasons. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in the circumstance such as where we are processing the personal data for direct marketing purposes.
You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us at privacy@wordswag.co or by postal mail at 440 N Barranca Ave #8843, Covina, CA 91723.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
8. How long we keep your information.
Following termination or deactivation of your user account, Word Swag will retain your profile information and user content for a commercially reasonable time, and for as long as we have a valid purpose to do so. In particular, Word Swag will retain your information for the purpose of complying with its legal and audit obligations, and for backup and archival purposes.
9. Word Swag is not intended for children.
YOU MUST BE SIXTEEN (16) YEARS OR OLDER IN ORDER TO USE OUR SERVICE. WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT OR SOLICIT ANY INFORMATION FROM ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 16 OR KNOWINGLY ALLOW SUCH PERSONS TO REGISTER FOR THE SERVICE. THE SERVICE IS NOT DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF SIXTEEN (16) YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN SIXTEEN (16) AND EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OLD, YOU MUST REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN.
Word Swag does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child without parental consent where this is required, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us at privacy@wordswag.co and we will immediately take steps required to delete the information and otherwise comply with applicable law.
10. Links to other websites and services.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you acknowledge that we are not responsible for and we do not exercise control over any third parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook) and you allow such a third party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service.
12. Additional information for users in the United States.
This section of the policy applies to Word Swag users that are located in the United States. In certain U.S. states, Word Swag users have the following additional rights afforded to them under applicable state privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by California Privacy Rights Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Illinois Biometric Information Policy, Nevada Privacy Law and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act.
(a) Categories of personal information collected by Word Swag. For more details about the personal information Word Swag has collected in the past year, please see section "Information we collect.". For details on how we use that information, who we share it with, and how long we keep it, please see section "How we use your information", section "Sharing your information", and section "How long we keep your information."
(b) Rights in respect of your personal information. These state privacy laws give resident users various rights with respect to the personal information we collect, including the right to (subject to applicable law and certain limitations):
Request access to the personal information Word Swag has collected about you;
Request that Word Swag delete your personal information;
Request that Word Swag correct inaccurate personal information;
Opt out from the "sale" of your personal information;
Opt out of the "sharing" of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising;
Appeal decisions where we deny your rights request.
(c) Exercising your rights. You may make a request by contacting us at privacy@wordswag.co. We will authenticate your request using the email address associated with your Word Swag account and if necessary, proof of residency. Depending on applicable state law, you may also appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us at privacy@wordswag.co.
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We will keep this Privacy Policy under regular review. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The updated version shall apply and supersede all previous versions. Hence, it is advisable that you check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. Your continued use of the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
14. How to contact us.
If you: (i) have any questions, queries, inquiries or comments on our Privacy Policy; (ii) have any concerns about how we process your personal information; (iii) would like to opt out of direct marketing activities; (iv) would like us to update information or preferences you have provided to us; or (v) have any other issues relating to this Privacy Policy, you may also get in touch with our designated Data Protection Officer at privacy@wordswag.co or 440 N Barranca Ave #8843, Covina, CA 91723.