Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
8
Loading…
{"id": "10Ey6F4MoWJUyey5_GHUzUIKtJRQoAOkQ", "title": "Privacy Policy Abubakar Siddique.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 8
Abubakar Siddique
Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides important information regarding us ( “we” or “our”
“us”) as the sole owner and developer in respect to user information collected through
our mobile applications and the use of the information.
The purpose of this policy is to provide you with all the important information and
explanations about how and why some of your data may be collected and processed
when you use one of our applications or browse on our website.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you
by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we
will provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent.
Should you have any questions related to this policy or our practices around privacy and
data protection in general, please don’t hesitate to contact us
abubakarfeedback@gmail.com
Data usage
When you install and use our mobile applications and games, we can collect and
process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why we may collect data and the
legal basis we rely on in each case.
We collects data:
● To provide you with the services you asked for (e.g., knowing that you
completed the first level to allow access to the second one)
○ Legal basis – such data processing is strictly necessary for the
Page 2 of 8
service(s) asked
● To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and
services in order to continuously improve it
(e.g. identifying that a feature is annoying for users or that a level is too difficult
for most gamers)
○ Legal basis - Express consent. We only process or share personal
data collected through our games for analytics purposes once you
express your consent through the pop-up notice included in our
apps.
● To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users and
allow us to continue to provide free services and products
○ Legal basis – Express consent. We only process or share personal
data collected through our games for personalized advertising
purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice
included in one of our apps.
For all data processing activities that rely on users’ consent, you can withdraw your
consent at any time from the “settings” page in our various applications.
Please only note that in the case where you withdraw your consent or where you refuse
to consent in the first place, you will still be served with advertising but that may be less
relevant to you as it will not be tailored to your interests.
Data Collection:
For all the purposes listed above the data that we collect is limited to:
● The apps you are using
● Your IP address
● Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical
identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes
which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in
Page 3 of 8
through your device settings)
● Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user
agent, type of connection, timestamp)
● Data pertaining to your activities on our applications and notably the way in
which you interact with our applications (for instance, how and when you use
our applications) and with the advertising served in our applications (for
instance, number of ads served, potential clicks)
Privacy for Kids (COPPA)
Kids Games:
AdMob (Kid Safe Ads) - Privacy Policy | Opt Out
We comply fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly
collect personal information on children under the age of 13. When a user identifies
himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through
any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any
personal information of such user.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16 or
knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not
send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone
number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under age
16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might
have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us
abubakarfeedback@gmail.com
Sharing of Data
Privacy Policy Abubakar Siddique.pdf
Privacy Policy Abubakar Siddique.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Copy
Add a comment
Page 1 of 8