Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 10, 2024
Snap-on Incorporated and its subsidiaries are part of the “Snap-on Group” of companies and is referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy. “Personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to you as an identifiable individual. The protection of your personal information is an important concern to which we pay special attention.
This privacy policy answers frequently asked questions about the kinds of personal information we collect from you and how it is used, disclosed, shared, and retained.
Please note, if you link to or otherwise visit any other websites, please review the privacy policies posted on those sites.
This privacy policy does not apply to our employees or job applicants.
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact the data protection manager at: DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
Usernames and Passwords: It is your responsibility to safeguard any username or password that you have received in connection with a Snap-on Website, and to notify us immediately if you ever suspect that the security and confidentiality of such username or password has been compromised in any way. You are solely responsible for any use of a Snap-on Website via your username and password.
Notice at Collection
Open All
Close All
1. What types of personal information do we gather?
Subject to applicable local laws, we may collect and process a range of personal information including the following:
Identifiers:
Such as a real name, alias, postal address, telephone number, online identifier, internet protocol address that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, email address, account name, social security number, national insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, other state or national identification number(s), your signature, physical characteristics or description, insurance policy number or other similar unique personal identifiers.  In certain circumstances, we also collect vehicle details like VIN-number.
Commercial Information:
Such as transaction and purchase information and history.
Financial Information:
Such as your bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or any other financial information.
Technical and Usage Information:
Such as login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and information on other technology on the devices using our websites or products; information about how you use our website, products and services, such as browsing history, search history, or other information on interactions with our websites, applications, products and services. For detailed information on the tracking technologies we use on this website, see the Cookie Settings and Cookie Policy posted on the website.
Educational or Professional/Employment-Related Information:
Such as education or training history, work history and current and prior employers.
Sensory Information:
Such as audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as call and video recordings.
Photos and Videos:
Such as images, photos, and videos that you share with us or load to our website or our mobile applications.
Geolocation Information:
Such as device and internet protocol address location.
Inference Information:
For example, preference profiles drawn from any of the personal information listed above.
European Union or European Economic Area Residents:
Special categories of personal data: as defined under Article 9.1 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut Residents:
Protected Class Information:
including classifications protected by law such as: sex, age, race, disability, medical conditions, marital status, military/veteran status, criminal offence data, and biometric information, such as voiceprints.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Government issued identification numbers: Personal Information that reveals an individual’s social security, national insurance number, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number
Payment information: Account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
Precise/specific geolocation information
Racial or ethnic origin, data revealing religious affiliation, philosophical beliefs, citizenship, immigration status, or union membership
The contents of mail, email, and text messages unless we are the intended recipient of the communication
Medical data: Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s health; Information on medical history, mental or physical health conditions, or medical treatment or diagnosis by a health care professional
Biometric information used for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual
We do not intend to collect personal information of Children:
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.  Our website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this website or through any of its features. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.
2. How is that personal information used by us?
We may use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes:
Business Uses, such as:
Register you as a new customer;
Register you as a user of our products or services, and provide those services;
Personalization of your account;
Enable us, dealerships, and franchisees to provide you services using our products;
Arrange and deliver events, travel and accommodation;
Process and deliver your order, manage your subscriptions, or carry out our obligations arising from any other contracts you enter into with us;
Manage payments, fees and charges and collect and recover money owed to us;
Managing our relationship with you by sending you notices, statements, notifying you of product or service information, asking you to leave a review or take a survey, or enabling you to partake in a prize draw or competition;
Mobile application functionality;
Personalization of messages and posts by sharing images, photos, and videos that you load to our website or mobile applications;
Service and/or enforce contracts or other agreements you may have with us;
Fulfil your requests, answer your questions, respond to your comments, and measure how effectively we address your concerns;
Analyze and develop new products and services;
Create aggregated and/or anonymized non-personal information;
Make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods and services that may be of interest to you;
Provide customer support;
Detect and prevent fraud; or
Fulfil any legal obligations we may have.
Additional uses relating to franchisees and franchise applicants:
Register you as a prospective franchisee;
Process your application;
Perform background checks;
Perform sales assessment tests;
Record you as a franchisee;
Support corporate ownership and confirmation;
Process and deliver insurance policies as requested;
Provide you with various assistance programs, support and services;
Manage warranty and tool returns;
Provide bookkeeping and tax services;
Support financing and lender enquiries;
Franchise performance reporting;
Process franchisee exit from the franchise system;
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, based on our legitimate interest, with your consent and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Monitoring & Recording:
to handle any calls, chats or other interactions with us, including by the customer services team. Please be aware that it is our general practice to monitor and, in some cases, record such interactions for staff training or quality assurance purposes or to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
We engage in these activities based on our legitimate interest or with your consent.
Mobile Applications:
to make available mobile applications and to enable registration on our mobile applications; for the technical administration of the website; for internal operations; for customer administration; for product and informational surveys; for troubleshooting; for information analysis, information analytics, testing, and research and development purposes; to ensure that content from our application is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; for sharing of images and videos with us and other users; and as part of our efforts to keep our application safe and secure.
We engage in these activities based on our legitimate interest, to manage our contractual relationship with you or with your consent.
Website Experience:
for the technical administration of the website; for internal operations; for customer administration; for product surveys; for troubleshooting; for information analysis, information analytics, testing, and research and development purposes; to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
We engage in these activities based on our legitimate interest or your consent, where required by applicable law.
Protecting our Rights and Property:
to protect our rights or property or that of our business partners, franchisees, distributors, suppliers, customers or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected; to recover debts; to prevent, detect, identify, investigate, respond, and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities and prohibited behavior or activities.
We engage in these activities based on our legitimate interest.
Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees:
to administer and develop our business relationship with you, the business partner, distributor or franchisee you represent, including sharing information with our group, to enter into or perform a transaction with you, to contact you as part of satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, based on our legitimate interest or with your consent.
Marketing:
to communicate about, and administer participation in, special events, programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and other offers and promotions; to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer, or offered by others, that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about and to send informational or promotional email messages to you, which you may opt out of receiving as described below.
We engage in these activities based on our legitimate interest or your consent, as required by applicable law.
Sensitive personal information:
Subject to your consent where required by applicable law, we collect, process, and disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes of: providing goods or services as requested; ensuring safety, security, and integrity; countering wrongful or unlawful actions; short term transient use such as displaying first party, non-personalized advertising; performing services for our business, including maintaining and servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on behalf of our business; activities relating to quality and safety control or product improvement; and other collection and processing that is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about an individual.
We do not use Sensitive personal information beyond these purposes.
You can opt-out of our processing your Sensitive personal information by electing not to provide it to us.
3. Is my personal information transferred or provided to third parties?
We disclose your personal information in the following situations:
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”)
: We are a global organization with affiliates, subsidiaries, business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. As such, we will share the personal information we collect with companies within the Snap-on Group and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business in connection with the uses identified above and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Service Providers
: We need to disclose your personal information to third parties who need this information to provide services to us and to better your experience while using our website and mobile applications. These can include providers of services such as website and mobile application hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, return authorization, fraud prevention, translators, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service or related benefits (including special promotions), email delivery, auditing, and other services. Some of our service providers that we may disclosure your personal information to, to better your experience while using our website or mobile applications, include Twilio, Firebase, Contentful, and Google Analytics. You may link to these service providers’ privacy policies below.
Twilio: https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/privacy
Firebase: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Contentful: https://www.contentful.com/legal/privacy-at-contentful/privacy-notice/
Google Analytics https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites and https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Our Franchisees:
We disclose your personal information to our franchisees so they can know their customers and potential customers’ needs and preferences and serve them better.
Our Distributors:
We may disclose your personal information to distributors so they can know their customers and potential customers’ needs and preferences and serve them better.
Other Third Parties
: We will also disclose your personal information to selected non-affiliated third parties, such as social media, credit reference agencies, debt collection agencies, professional service providers (including legal advisers and accountants), and other third parties in response to a legal obligation.
We also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so:
To comply with applicable law and regulations.
This may include laws outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with public and government authorities.
To respond to a request or to provide information we believe is necessary or appropriate.
These can include authorities outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with law enforcement.
For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important.
For other legal reasons.
To enforce our terms and conditions; and
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In connection with the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
In such cases we may have to provide personal information to adverse parties who have a legal right to receive such information and their counsel and experts.
In connection with a sale or business transaction.
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our business. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of such information from sellers. It is our practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
4. How is each category of my personal information used, disclosed, sold or shared?
The following chart details which categories of personal information we collect and process, what we use them for, as well as which categories of personal information we disclose to third parties for our operational business purposes, including within the 12 months preceding the date this privacy policy was last updated.
Scroll table to view all
Categories of personal information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
(as described in the “Is my personal information transferred or provided to third parties?” section)
Processing Purposes
(as described in the "How is that personal information used by us?” section)
Identifiers
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Distributors, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Mobile Applications, Website Experience, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
Commercial Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Mobile Applications, Website Experience, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
Financial Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Mobile Applications, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
Technical and Usage Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Mobile Applications, Website Experience, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
Educational or Professional/Employment-Related Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Website Experience, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
Sensory Information, including images, photos, and videos
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Protecting our Rights and Property, Sensitive personal information, website and mobile application functionality
Geolocation Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Protecting our Rights and Property, Sensitive personal information
Inference Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
Protected Class Information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Mobile Applications, Website Experience, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Sensitive personal information
Sensitive personal information
Other companies within the Snap-on Incorporated group (“Snap-on Group”), Service Providers, Franchisees, Distributors, Other Third Parties;
Business Uses, Monitoring & Recording, Mobile Applications, Website Experience, Protecting our Rights and Property, Information for our Business Partners, Distributors and Franchisees, Marketing, Sensitive personal information
5. How long will my personal information be kept for?
We will endeavor not to keep your personal information in a form that allows you to be identified for any longer than is reasonably necessary for achieving the permitted purposes. This means that information will be destroyed or erased from our systems or anonymized when it has reached the applicable retention period.
We retain each category of personal information, including Sensitive personal information, for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was collected.  The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you or provide services to you, for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our services, and the length of time thereafter during which we may have a legitimate need to reference your personal information to address issues that may arise;
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them; and
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position, such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations.
6. How do I update or access my personal information?
We ask that you keep your information as up-to-date as possible so you may get the maximum benefit from us.
If you have an online account with us, then you may be able to log on to access and correct personal information that we keep in that account. For other questions related to updating or changing your account information or if any errors in your personal information cannot be corrected by accessing your online account, please send a request to our customer service team.
7. What are my choices and rights in relation to my personal information?
If you would like to request to access, correct, update, suppress, restrict, or delete personal information, object to or opt out of the processing of personal information, or if you would like to request to receive a copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), you may contact us by contacting our data protection manager at
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
European Union, European Economic Area, or UK Residents:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region where you have your habitual residence or place of work or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs.  A list of EU/EEA data protection authorities is available at http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.  Details of the UK data protection authority can be found at https://ico.org.uk/.  We have appointed a data protection manager who is responsible for addressing any reported data protection issues related to GDPR, and we would like the opportunity to respond to your concerns before you approach a supervisory authority so please feel free to contact the data protection manager at DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut Residents:
You may, subject to applicable law, make the following requests
:
To know whether we process your personal information, and to access such personal information.  If you are a California resident, you may also request that we disclose to you the following information:
The categories of personal information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information about you; and
The categories of personal information about you that we otherwise disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such personal information.
To correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
To have your personal information deleted.
To receive specific pieces of your personal information, including a copy of your personal information in a portable format.
To limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive personal information, if you are a California resident.
You have the right not to be unlawfully discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights.
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us toll-free at 844-972-1285; or
Contacting our data protection manager at
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.
Other notices for California residents
:
We do not currently sell personal information (including Sensitive personal information), as defined under applicable law.  However, we use Google Analytics on our website.
We do not currently “share” or otherwise process personal information (including Sensitive personal information) for purposes of cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising, as defined under applicable law.  We have not engaged in such activities in the 12 months preceding the date this privacy policy was last updated.
We do not currently process, sell or “share” personal information (including Sensitive personal information) of minors under 16 years of age.
To request to limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive personal information, call us toll-free at 844-972-1285; or contact our data protection manager at
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.
If you are a resident of California, under 18, and a registered user of our websites, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted by writing to our Data Protection Manager at
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.  Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
Nevada Residents
: Nevada residents may request that website operators not sell consumer’s “Covered Information” as defined by Nevada law.
WE HAVE NOT “SOLD” COVERED INFORMATION FOR PURPOSES OF NEVADA LAW
.   If you are a Nevada resident that would like to make a further inquiry regarding the selling your Covered Information, please contact
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.
END OF NOTICE AT COLLECTION
8. How will we process your requests?
We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the personal information subject to the request.  In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where the law or right you are invoking does not apply or where an exception applies. We may need to request, subject to applicable laws, your company name, account number, name, birth date, your address, email address, telephone number, part of your social security number, national insurance number, your D number, business partner number, financial details on file, drivers license number, delivery address, and/or purchase, warranty, repair or calibration history, device serial number, or details of current and prior employment, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests.  If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your personal information.  If you make a request to delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your personal information.
9. How can you appeal our decision with regard to your request?
If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia resident and if we refuse to take action on your request, you may appeal this refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal.  You may file an appeal by calling us toll-free at 844-972-1285; or contact our data protection manager at
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.
10. How can my authorized agent make a request on my behalf?
If an agent would like to make a request on your behalf as permitted under applicable law, the agent may use the submission methods noted in the section entitled “
What are my choices and rights in relation to my personal information?
”  Not all kinds of requests can be made by authorized agents in all states. As part of our verification process, we may request that the agent provide, as applicable, proof concerning his or her status as an authorized agent.  In addition, we may require that you verify your identity as described in the section entitled “
How will we process your requests?
” or confirm that you provided the agent permission to submit the request
If you are a California resident and an agent makes a request on your behalf, we may request a power of attorney provided to the agent by you pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4121‑4130.  If you have not provided a power of attorney, we may require proof that you have provided signed permission authorizing the agent to make a request on your behalf.  (“Signed” means that the permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code 1633.7 et seq.)  We may also require you to: (i) verify your own identity directly with us; or (ii) directly confirm with us that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.  If an agent wants to make a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information [or a request to limit our use of your Sensitive personal information] on your behalf, we may only ask for the proof that you have provided signed permission authorizing the agent to make a request on your behalf.
11. How do we use de-identified information?
Where we maintain or use de-identified information, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the information.
12. What are the sources of personal information we have gathered?
We collect personal information from a variety of sources, including:
From You.
You may directly give us personal information when you:
Apply for, purchase, register or use our products and services;
Apply for and/or purchase a franchise business;
Support financing and lender enquiries;
Support corporate ownership and confirmation;
Receive customer support;
Create an account, fill in forms, or book a repair on our website or mobile applications;
Loaded images, photos, or videos to our website or mobile applications;
Subscribe to our publications;
Request marketing be sent to you;
Enter a competition, promotion or survey;
Correspond with us in person at trade shows, events, or otherwise;
Download software from our website, or engage in our live chat feature;
Interact with us as a potential or existing distributor, sales representative, or franchisee, or as an employee or contractor of a franchisee or distributor;
Make a claim under a franchisee insurance, or warranty policy for which we provide claims administration services;
Register for an event or training course;
Give us feedback or provide us other information when you contact us; or
When you connect your social media account to your account with us.
From automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website or application, we will automatically collect Technical and Usage Information (more fully described in the “What types of personal information do we gather?” Section.)  We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.  For detailed information on the technologies we use on this website, see the Cookie Settings and Cookie Policy posted on the website.
From third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal information from various third parties that confirmed they are authorized to share it with us or other public sources, such as:
Consumer reporting agencies, credit reference agencies and publicly available databases;
Auto repair shops and auto dealers who use our products or services;
Our franchisees or other sales representatives;
Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM);
Your employer or school in order for you to use our products or services;
Motor vehicle reports from third party service providers or the applicable department of motor vehicles;
Your representatives, which may include your spouse, employees, legal and financial advisors or others you authorize;
Banks, Legal advisors, Insurance companies, brokers, and other financial institutions;
Third party services to investigate claims;
Vendors and suppliers that you may interact with;
Trade bodies;
Someone placing an order on your behalf, or registering you for an event;
Other Snap-on group companies that you may interact with through other websites, products, services, or social media pages;
Search information providers;
Meeting services;
Freight handling companies;
Advertising networks;
Social Media providers;
Internet service providers;
Data Analytics Providers;
Operating systems and platforms; or
Information gathered from third parties when we are attempting to locate and contact you.
Will my personal information be transferred to other countries?
We are a global company and your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by engaging with us you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE EEA and the UK: Some non-EEA and UK countries are recognized by the European Commission and ICO as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA or UK standards (the full list of these countries is available here for the EEA and here for the UK. For transfers from the EEA and UK to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission or the ICO, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and the ICO (including with the members of the Snap-on Incorporated group) to protect your personal information. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
13. What security measures are in place to protect my personal information?
We endeavor to protect the security of your personal information. We will seek to maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we endeavor to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to us or stored on our systems; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access. These procedures include physical, electronic, and managerial procedures.
14. How do I opt out of being contacted for promotional purposes?
You have the right to ask us not to send you marketing communications. We will usually inform you (before collecting the personal information) if we intend to use your personal information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect personal information. You can also exercise the right to prevent such processing at any time by:
Clicking the unsubscribe link in any informational or promotional email that we send you.
Clicking the opt-in toggle in the application settings.
Contacting our Customer Service Center if you have any questions about changing your contact preference or require assistance in removing your name from our subscription lists.
15. Modifications to this Privacy Statement
We may change or update this privacy policy from time to time.  If we make a material change that affects personal information that we collected prior to the change, depending on the nature of the change, we might notify you of the change and we might request your consent to the change.  We will post any changes on our website so please check regularly for the most recent version of our privacy policy. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. This version is dated, as of the date stated above.
16. Links
Our websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites, and our privacy policy does not apply to information collected from you by those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each site that collects information from you. When you are leaving our site via a link to interact with a site that is not governed by our privacy policy, a new browser window will open. If your interaction with our site will require sending your information to a third-party site that is not governed by our privacy policy, we will clearly inform you before your information is sent.
Contact Us
Find a Franchisee
Product Safety
Site Feedback
Submit a Product Idea
Environment, Health, Safety, ISO, SDS
Privacy Policy - French
Own a Franchise
Anti-Human Trafficking
Privacy Policy - English
Terms & Conditions
Giveaway Official Rules
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
top
Our Company
Our Customers
Investors
Careers
Shop Snap-on Catalog
Search
Our Company
Chairman & CEO Message
Current News
Global Presence
Makers and Fixers
Media Center
Our Brands
Our History
Our Mission
Our Strategic Runways
Productivity Solutions
Suppliers
Upskilling the Workforce
Veteran Programs
Search
Our Customers
Automotive
Aviation & Aerospace
Collision
Construction & Agriculture
Electronics
Heavy Duty Trucks & Fleets
Manufacturing
Medical Device Manufacturing
Metal Cutting
Military & Defense
Mining
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Rail
Schools & Students
Vineyards & Landscaping
Search
Investors
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance
Corporate Press Releases
Financial Information
Investor Events
Investor Kit
Quarterly Earnings
Risk Factors
ESG Reporting
Stock Information
Sustainability Commitment
Search
Careers
We Are Snap-on
Search Current Openings
Our People
Benefits & Culture
Career FAQs
Search
Shop Snap-on Catalog
Search
Back
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Snap-on Corporate
We have placed cookies on your computer to give you the best possible experience with our website. These cookies are also used to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies to improve your user experience. You can click the cookie settings link on our website to change your cookie settings at any time.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
REJECT ALL COOKIES
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Listing‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Listing‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Listing‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Listing‎
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.snapon.com/FR/Privacy-Policy:
POLITIQUE DE PROTECTION DES RENSEIGNEMENTS PERSONNELS
Dernière mise à jour : 10 janvier 2024
Snap-on Incorporated et ses filiales font partie du « groupe Snap-on » d’entreprises. Dans la présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels, les termes « nous », « notre » et « nos » renvoient à ce groupe d’entreprises. « Renseignements personnels » s’entend des renseignements qui vous identifient en tant que personne physique ou se rapportent à vous en tant que personne physique identifiable. La protection de vos renseignements personnels nous tient à cœur; nous y prêtons une attention particulière.
La présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels répond aux questions les plus courantes concernant les catégories de renseignements personnels que nous recueillons sur vous et leur utilisation, leur divulgation, leur communication et leur conservation.
Si vous cliquez sur un lien vers un autre site Web ou visitez autrement un autre site Web, vous devriez consulter la politique de protection des renseignements personnels affichée sur ledit site.
La présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels ne s’applique pas aux membres de notre personnel et aux candidats à un emploi chez nous.
Pour toute question ou préoccupation concernant la présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels que vous pourriez avoir, veuillez communiquer avec la personne responsable de la protection des données au : DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
Noms d’utilisateur et mots de passe : Il vous incombe de protéger votre nom d’utilisateur ou mot de passe associé à un site Web de Snap-on et, si vous soupçonnez que la sécurité ou la confidentialité de votre nom d’utilisateur ou mot de passe a été compromise de quelque manière que ce soit, de nous en aviser immédiatement. Vous assumez seul(e) la responsabilité de toute utilisation d’un site Web de Snap-on faite sous couvert de votre nom d’utilisateur et mot de passe.
Avis de collecte
Open All
Close All
1.	Quels types de renseignements personnels recueillons-nous?
Sous réserve du droit local applicable, nous pourrions recueillir et traiter toute une gamme de renseignements personnels, notamment:
Renseignements identifiants :
Par exemple, vrai nom, pseudonyme, adresse postale, numéro de téléphone, identifiant en ligne, adresse IP vous identifiant ou se rapportant à vous en tant que personne physique identifiable, adresse électronique, nom de compte, numéro de sécurité sociale, numéro d’assurance sociale, numéro de permis de conduire, numéro de passeport, numéro de tout autre document d’identité étatique ou national, signature, caractéristiques physiques ou description, numéro de police d’assurance ou autres caractéristiques personnelles uniques identifiantes du même type. Dans certaines circonstances, nous recueillons également des renseignements détaillés sur votre véhicule, comme le NIV.
Renseignements sur les activités commerciales :
Par exemple, historique des transactions et achats et renseignements à cet égard.
Renseignements financiers :
Par exemple, numéro de compte bancaire, numéro de carte de crédit, numéro de carte de débit ou tout autre renseignement financier.
Renseignements techniques et renseignements sur l’utilisation :
Par exemple, données de connexion, type et version du navigateur, fuseau horaire et emplacement, types et versions des plugiciels du navigateur, système d’exploitation et plateforme, renseignements sur les autres technologies sur les appareils utilisant nos sites Web ou produits, renseignements sur votre utilisation de notre site Web, de nos produits et services, comme l’historique de navigation, l’historique des recherches ou d’autres renseignements sur les interactions avec nos sites Web, applications, produits et services. Pour des renseignements plus détaillés sur les technologies de suivi que nous utilisons sur ce site Web, voir la politique sur les témoins et les paramètres des témoins publiée sur le site Web.
Renseignements sur la formation ou le parcours professionnel ou l’emploi :
Par exemple, cursus scolaire ou historique des formations, antécédents professionnels et employeurs passés et présents.
Renseignements sensoriels :
Par exemple, renseignements audios, électroniques, visuels et autres du même type, comme des enregistrements audios ou vidéos.
Renseignements liés à la géolocalisation :
Par exemple, emplacement de l’appareil de l’adresse IP.
Renseignements obtenus par déduction :
Par exemple, profil des préférences établi au moyen des renseignements personnels susmentionnés.
Résidents de l’Union européenne ou de l’Espace économique européen :
Catégories particulières de données à caractère personnel :
telles que définies à l’article 9.1 du règlement général sur la protection des données (RGPD), les données à caractère personnel qui révèle l’origine raciale ou ethnique, les opinions politiques, les convictions religieuses ou philosophiques ou l’appartenance syndicale, ainsi que le traitement des données génétiques, des données biométriques aux fins d’identifier une personne physique de manière unique, des données concernant la santé ou des données concernant la vie sexuelle ou l’orientation sexuelle d’une personne physique.
Résidents des États de la Californie, de la Virginie, du Colorado, de l’Utah et du Connecticut :
Renseignements relatifs aux groupes protégés : par exemple, sexe, âge, race, handicap, état de santé, état civil, situation militaire ou statut de vétéran, données sur le casier judiciaire et renseignements biométriques, comme l’empreinte vocale.
Renseignements personnels sensibles
Numéros d’identification attribués par un gouvernement : Renseignements personnels révélant le numéro de sécurité sociale, d’assurance sociale, de permis de conduire, de carte d’identité ou de passeport.
Renseignements sur le paiement : Identifiants de connexion au compte, compte bancaire, numéro de carte de début ou de crédit, ainsi que tout code de sécurité ou d’accès, mot de passe ou identifiant nécessaire pour accéder à un compte.
Renseignements précis liés à la géolocalisation.
Origine raciale ou ethnique, données révélant l’appartenance religieuse, les croyances philosophiques, la citoyenneté, le statut d’immigrant ou l’appartenance à un syndicat.
Contenu du courrier, des courriels et des messages textes, sauf lorsque nous sommes le destinataire désigné de la communication.
Données médicales : Renseignements personnels collectés et analysés concernant la santé d’une personne; renseignements sur les antécédents médicaux, les conditions de santé mentale ou physique, ou le traitement médical ou le diagnostic d’un professionnel de la santé.
Renseignements biométriques utilisés aux fins d’identifier une personne physique de manière unique.
Nous n’avons pas l’intention de recueillir de renseignements personnels d’enfants :
Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de renseignements personnels auprès d’enfants de moins de 16 ans. Notre site Web n’est pas destiné aux enfants de moins de 16 ans. Si vous avez moins de 16 ans, n’utilisez pas ce site Web et ne fournissez pas de renseignement sur ce site Web ou au moyen de l’une de ses fonctionnalités. Si vous croyez qu’il est possible que nous détenions des renseignements obtenus d’un enfant de moins de 16 ans ou concernant un enfant de 16 ans, veuillez communiquer avec nous au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
2.	Comment utilisons-nous ces renseignements personnels?
Nous utilisons et divulguons vos renseignements personnels aux fins suivantes, dans la mesure où cette utilisation est raisonnablement nécessaire et proportionnelle à ces fins.
Fins d’affaires, comme :
Vous inscrire en tant que nouveau client ou nouvelle cliente;
Vous enregistrer comme utilisateur ou utilisatrice de nos produits ou services et vous fournir ces services;
Nous permettre et permettre à nos distributeurs et franchisés de vous fournir des services utilisant nos produits;
Organiser et tenir des événements, voyages et hébergements;
Traiter et honorer votre commande, gérer vos abonnements ou exécuter les obligations que nous impose tout autre contrat conclu avec vous;
Gérer les paiements, frais et coûts et percevoir et recouvrer les sommes qui nous sont dues;
Gérer notre relation avec vous en vous envoyant des avis, des relevés, des renseignements sur nos produits ou services, en vous demandant de publier un avis ou de répondre à un sondage, ou en vous invitant à un tirage de prix ou à un concours;
Exécuter ou faire exécuter des contrats ou autres accords conclus avec vous, le cas échéant;
Donner suite à vos demandes, répondre à vos questions et commentaires, et mesurer l’efficacité avec laquelle nous répondons à vos préoccupations;
Procéder à des analyses et développer de nouveaux produits et services;
Créer des renseignements agrégés ou anonymisés non personnels;
Vous suggérer ou recommander des biens et services susceptibles de vous intéresser;
Fournir une assistance à la clientèle;
Détecter et prévenir la fraude; ou
Exécuter toute obligation juridique que nous pourrions avoir.
Fins additionnelles, concernant les franchisés et candidats à l’obtention d’une franchise :
Vous inscrire en tant que candidat(e) à une franchise;
Traiter votre demande;
Procéder à la vérification des antécédents;
Effectuer des tests d’évaluation des ventes;
Vous inscrire en tant que franchisé(e);
Faciliter la propriété et confirmation d’entreprise;
Traiter les demandes de police d’assurance et délivrer les polices d’assurance demandées;
Vous fournir divers programmes d’assistance, formes de soutien et services;
Gérer les garanties et les retours d’outils;
Fournir des services comptables et fiscaux;
Faciliter les demandes de financement et les demandes de renseignements des prêteurs;
Établir les rapports sur le rendement des franchises;
Gérer la sortie d’un(e) franchisé(e) du système de franchise.
Nous menons ces activités pour gérer notre relation contractuelle avec vous, sur la base de notre intérêt légitime, avec votre consentement ou pour nous conformer à une obligation juridique.
Surveillance et enregistrement :
pour répondre aux appels et dans le cadre du clavardage et des autres interactions avec nous, y compris avec l’équipe du service à la clientèle. Veuillez noter que notre pratique générale est de surveiller et, dans certains cas, d’enregistrer ces interactions à des fins de formation du personnel ou d’assurance de la qualité ou pour conserver la preuve de telle ou telle opération ou interaction.
Nous menons ces activités sur la base de notre intérêt légitime ou avec votre consentement.
Applications mobiles :
pour mettre à disposition des applications mobiles et permettre l’inscription sur nos applications mobiles; aux fins de l’administration technique du site Web; aux fins des opérations internes; aux fins de l’administration des clients; aux fins des sondages sur les produits et sondages informatifs; aux fins du dépannage; aux fins de l’analyse des renseignements, des tests et de la recherche et du développement; pour s’assurer que le contenu de notre application est présenté de la manière la plus efficace pour vous et pour votre appareil; et dans le cadre des efforts que nous déployons pour assurer la sécurité et la sûreté de notre application.
Nous menons ces activités sur la base de notre intérêt légitime, pour gérer notre relation contractuelle avec vous ou avec votre consentement.
Expérience sur le site Web :
aux fins de l’administration technique du site Web; aux fins des opérations internes; aux fins de l’administration des clients; aux fins des sondages sur les produits; aux fins du dépannage; aux fins de l’analyse des renseignements, des tests et de la recherche et du développement; pour s’assurer que le contenu de notre site est présenté de la manière la plus efficace pour vous et pour votre ordinateur; et dans le cadre des efforts que nous déployons pour assurer la sécurité et la sûreté de notre site.
Nous menons ces activités sur la base de notre intérêt légitime ou de votre consentement, conformément aux exigences du droit applicable.
Protection de nos droits et de nos biens :
pour protéger nos droits et nos biens ou ceux de nos partenaires commerciaux, franchisés, distributeurs, fournisseurs ou clients ou d’autrui lorsque nous avons des motifs raisonnables de croire que ces droits ou ces biens ont été ou pourraient être touchés; pour recouvrer des créances; pour prévenir, détecter et recenser toute réclamation, responsabilité et conduite ou activité prohibée réelle ou potentielle, enquêter sur ces cas, y répondre et s’en protéger.
Nous menons ces activités sur la base de notre intérêt légitime.
Renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés :
pour gérer et développer notre relation d’affaires avec vous ou le partenaire commercial, distributeur ou franchisé que vous représentez, notamment en mettant en commun des renseignements au sein de notre groupe, en vue de conclure ou d’exécuter une opération avec vous, de vous contacter dans le cadre d’un sondage sur la satisfaction ou aux fins d’études de marché.
Nous menons ces activités pour gérer notre relation contractuelle avec vous, sur la base de notre intérêt légitime ou avec votre consentement.
Markéting :
pour communiquer sur des événements spéciaux, des programmes, des sondages, des concours, des tirages au sort et d’autres offres et promotions, et pour gérer la participation à ceux-ci; pour vous fournir des renseignements sur d’autres biens et services que nous offrons, ou qui sont offerts par autrui, et qui sont similaires à ceux que vous avez déjà achetés ou sur lesquels vous vous êtes renseigné(e), et pour vous envoyer des courriels informatifs ou promotionnels. Vous pouvez vous exclure de notre liste d’envoi de courriels informatifs ou promotionnels de la manière décrite ci-dessous.
Nous menons ces activités sur la base de notre intérêt légitime ou de votre consentement, conformément aux exigences du droit applicable.
Renseignements personnels sensibles :
Sous réserve de votre consentement lorsque le droit applicable l’exige, nous recueillons, traitons et communiquons des renseignements personnels sensibles aux fins suivantes : fourniture des biens ou services demandés; sûreté, sécurité et intégrité; lutte contre les actes fautifs ou illégaux; utilisation transitoire à court terme comme l’affichage de publicités non personnalisées de première partie; prestation de services pour notre entreprise, notamment la gestion et la tenue des comptes, le service à la clientèle, le traitement ou l’exécution des commandes et des transactions, la vérification des renseignements sur les clients, le traitement des paiements, le financement, les services d’analyse, le stockage ou des services similaires au nom de notre entreprise; activités liées au contrôle de la qualité et de la sécurité ou à l’amélioration des produits; toute autre fin autre que déduire des caractéristiques d’une personne.
Nous n’utilisons pas les renseignements personnels sensibles en dehors de ces fins.
Vous pouvez refuser que nous traitions vos renseignements personnels sensibles en choisissant de ne pas nous les fournir.
3.	Mes renseignements personnels sont-ils fournis ou transmis à des tiers?
Nous communiquons vos renseignements personnels dans les situations suivantes :
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on ») :
Nous sommes une organisation mondiale dont les sociétés affiliées, les filiales, les processus commerciaux, les structures de gestion et les systèmes techniques s’étendent par-delà les frontières. C’est pourquoi nous communiquerons les renseignements personnels que nous recueillons auprès de sociétés du Groupe Snap-on et les transférerons vers des pays dans lesquels nous faisons affaire dans le contexte des fins énumérées ci-dessus et conformément à la présente politique de protection des renseignements confidentiels.
Fournisseurs de services :
Il nous faut communiquer vos renseignements personnels aux tiers qui en ont besoin pour nous fournir des services. Il peut notamment s’agir des fournisseurs des services suivants : hébergement de sites Web, analyse de données, traitement des paiements, exécution des commandes, autorisation de retours, prévention des fraudes, traduction, technologies de l’information et fourniture d’infrastructures connexes, service à la clientèle ou avantages connexes (y compris promotions spéciales), transmission des courriels et audit.
Nos franchisés :
Nous communiquons vos renseignements personnels à nos franchisés afin qu’ils connaissent les besoins et préférences de leurs clients actuels et potentiels et puissent mieux les servir.
Nos distributeurs :
Nous pourrions communiquer vos renseignements personnels à nos distributeurs afin qu’ils connaissent les besoins et préférences de leurs clients actuels et potentiels et puissent mieux les servir.
Autres tiers :
Nous communiquerons également vos renseignements personnels à des tiers sélectionnés auxquels nous ne sommes pas liés, tels que des opérateurs de médias sociaux, des agences d’évaluation du crédit, des agences de recouvrement de créances, des prestataires de services professionnels (y compris des conseillers juridiques et des comptables), et à d’autres tiers dans le contexte de toute obligation juridique.
Nous utilisons et communiquons vos renseignements personnels dans la mesure nécessaire ou indiquée, en particulier lorsque nous y sommes légalement tenus ou avons un intérêt légitime à le faire :
Pour nous conformer aux lois et règlements applicables :
Il pourrait s’agir de lois de territoires à l’extérieur de votre pays de résidence.
Pour coopérer avec les autorités publiques et le gouvernement :
Pour répondre à une demande ou fournir des renseignements que nous estimons nécessaires ou utiles.
Il pourrait s’agir d’autorités de territoires à l’extérieur de votre pays de résidence.
Pour coopérer avec les autorités chargées de l’application de la loi :
Par exemple, lorsque nous répondons à des demandes et à des ordres des autorités chargées de l’application de la loi ou lorsque nous fournissons des renseignements que nous estimons importants.
Pour d’autres raisons juridiques :
Pour faire respecter nos conditions générales; et
Pour protéger nos droits, notre vie privée, notre sécurité ou nos biens, ou ceux des sociétés du même groupe, les vôtres ou ceux d’autrui.
Dans le contexte de l’introduction d’une action en justice, d’une instance ou de la présentation d’une défense :
Dans ce cas, nous pourrions devoir fournir des renseignements personnels aux parties adverses qui ont juridiquement le droit de recevoir ces renseignements, ainsi qu’à leurs avocats et experts.
Dans le contexte d’une vente ou d’une autre opération sociale :
Dans certaines circonstances, nous pourrions décider de vendre notre entreprise, d’acheter une autre entreprise, de fusionner avec une autre entreprise ou de restructurer notre entreprise d’une autre manière, pour des raisons stratégiques ou d’autres raisons d’affaires. Une telle opération pourrait nécessiter de communiquer des renseignements personnels aux acheteurs ou acheteurs potentiels ou de recevoir des renseignements personnels des vendeurs. Nous avons pour pratique de nous efforcer d’obtenir un niveau adéquat de protection pour les renseignements communiqués dans le cadre de ce type d’opérations.
4.	Comment chaque catégorie de renseignements personnels est-elle utilisée, divulguée, vendue ou communiquée?
Le tableau suivant présente les catégories de renseignements personnels que nous recueillons et traitons, les fins auxquelles nous les utilisons, ainsi que les catégories de renseignements personnels que nous communiquons à des tiers aux fins de nos activités, notamment pendant la période de 12 mois précédant la date de la dernière mise à jour de la présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels.
Scroll table to view all
Catégories de renseignements personnels
Catégories de tiers auxquels ces renseignements sont communiqués aux fins de nos activités (décrites à la question « Mes renseignements personnels sont-ils fournis ou transmis à des tiers? »)
Fins du traitement
(Décrites à la question « Comment utilisons-nous ces renseignements personnels? »)
Identifiants
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, distributeurs, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, applications mobiles, expérience sur le site Web, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements sur les activités commerciales
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, applications mobiles, expérience sur le site Web, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements financiers
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, applications mobiles, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements techniques et renseignements sur l’utilisation
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, applications mobiles, expérience sur le site Web, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements sur la formation ou le parcours professionnel ou l’emploi
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, expérience sur le site Web, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements sensoriels
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, protection de nos droits et de nos biens, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements liés à la géolocalisation
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, protection de nos droits et de nos biens, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements obtenus par déduction
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements relatifs aux groupes protégés
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, applications mobiles, expérience sur le site Web, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
Renseignements personnels sensibles
Autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on Incorporated (« Groupe Snap-on »), fournisseurs de services, franchisés, distributeurs, autres tiers
Fins commerciales, surveillance et enregistrement, applications mobiles, expérience sur le site Web, protection de nos droits et biens, renseignements destinés à nos partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs et franchisés, markéting, renseignements personnels sensibles
5.	Pendant combien de temps conserverez-vous mes renseignements personnels?
Nous nous efforcerons de ne pas conserver vos renseignements personnels à un format permettant de vous identifier pendant plus longtemps que raisonnablement nécessaire pour réaliser les fins autorisées. Cela signifie que les renseignements seront détruits, effacés de nos systèmes ou anonymisés à l’issue de la période de conservation applicable.
Nous conservons chaque catégorie de renseignements personnels, y compris les renseignements personnels sensibles, pendant aussi longtemps que nécessaire ou permis à la lumière de la ou des fins auxquelles ils ont été recueillis. Nous fixons les périodes de conservation notamment selon les critères suivants :
Durée pendant laquelle nous entretenons une relation avec vous ou vous fournissons des services (par exemple, tant que vous avez un compte chez nous ou que vous continuez d’utiliser nos services) et période subséquente pendant laquelle nous pourrions avoir un besoin légitime de nous référer à vos renseignements personnels pour résoudre toute difficulté susceptible de survenir;
Fait que nous soyons ou non assujetti à une obligation juridique. À titre d’exemple, certaines lois nous imposent de conserver des dossiers sur vos transactions pendant un délai déterminé avant que nous puissions les détruire; et
Opportunité de conserver les renseignements, compte tenu de notre position juridique, au regard, par exemple, des délais de prescription applicable ou de tout litige ou toute enquête réglementaire.
6.	Comment puis-je mettre à jour mes renseignements personnels ou y accéder?
Nous vous demandons de tenir à jour vos renseignements personnels dans la mesure du possible, afin de pouvoir tirer pleinement parti des avantages que nous offrons.
Si vous avez un compte en ligne chez nous, vous pourriez être en mesure d’accéder aux renseignements personnels que nous conservons sur ce compte et de les corriger en vous connectant à votre compte. Si vous avez des questions sur la mise à jour ou la modification des renseignements figurant sur votre compte ou si vous êtes dans l’impossibilité de corriger tout renseignement personnel erroné en vous connectant, veuillez communiquer avec notre équipe de service à la clientèle.
7.	Quels choix s’offrent à moi s’agissant de mes renseignements personnels? Quels sont mes droits?
Vous pouvez communiquer avec notre responsable de la protection des données au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com pour demander d’obtenir accès à vos renseignements personnels ou pour les faire corriger, mettre à jour, supprimer, limiter ou effacer, pour vous opposer à leur traitement ou refuser leur traitement, ou pour demander à en recevoir une copie aux fins de les transmettre à une autre société (dans la mesure où une loi applicable vous confère ces droits). Nous donnerons suite à votre demande conformément au droit applicable.
Résidents de l’Union européenne, de l’Espace économique européen ou du Royaume-Uni:
Vous avez le droit de déposer une plainte auprès d’une autorité de protection des données du pays ou de la région où vous avez votre résidence habituelle ou votre lieu de travail, ou du lieu où une infraction alléguée à la législation applicable en matière de protection des données a été commise. Une liste des autorités de protection des données de l’UE/EEE est disponible à l’adresse
http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080
. Les coordonnées de l’autorité britannique de protection des données se trouvent à l’adresse
https://ico.org.uk/
. Nous avons nommé un responsable de la protection des données qui est chargé de traiter tous les problèmes de protection des données signalés en lien avec le GDPR, et nous aimerions avoir l’occasion de répondre à vos préoccupations avant que vous ne vous adressiez à une autorité de contrôle. N’hésitez donc pas à communiquer avec le responsable de la protection des données à
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com
.
Résidents des États de la Californie, de la Virginie, du Colorado, de l’Utah et du Connecticut :
Sous réserve du droit applicable, vous pourriez demander :
Si nous traitons vos renseignements personnels et l’accès à ces renseignements personnels. Si vous résidez en Californie, vous pouvez également nous demander de vous communiquer les informations suivantes :
Les catégories de renseignements personnels que nous recueillons sur vous et les catégories de source auprès desquelles nous les recueillons;
Les fins commerciales ou autres fins d’affaires auxquelles nous recueillons des renseignements personnels sur vous; et
Les catégories de renseignements personnels sur vous que nous communiquons et les catégories de tiers auxquels nous les communiquons.
La correction de tout renseignement personnel inexact sur vous;
La suppression de vos renseignements personnels;
La réception de renseignements personnels précis sur vous, notamment une copie de vos renseignements personnels à un format portable;
La limitation de l’utilisation ou de la communication de vos renseignements personnels sensibles, si vous résidez en Californie.
Vous avez le droit de ne pas faire l’objet d’une discrimination illicite dans l’exercice de vos droits à la protection des renseignements personnels.
Exercice des droits d’accès, de portabilité des données et de suppression.
Pour exercer les droits décrits ci-dessus, veuillez présenter une demande du consommateur permettant de vérifier votre identité :
en nous appelant gratuitement au (844) 972-1285 ou
en écrivant à notre responsable de la protection des données au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
Autres avis pour les résidents de la Californie
:
Nous ne vendons présentement aucun renseignement personnel (notamment aucun renseignement personnel sensible) au sens attribué au terme « personal information » par la loi applicable. Toutefois, nous utilisons Google Analytics sur notre site Web.
Présentement, nous ne communiquons ni ne traitons autrement aucun renseignement personnel (notamment aucun renseignement personnel sensible) aux fins de publicité comportementale intercontextuelle ou ciblée, au sens attribué aux termes « cross-context behavioral advertising » et « targeted advertising » par la loi applicable. Nous n’avons pas réalisé de telles activités dans les 12 mois précédant la date de la dernière mise à jour de la présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels.
Nous ne traitons, ne vendons ou ne communiquons présentement aucun renseignement personnel (notamment aucun renseignement personnel sensible) sur un mineur de moins de 16 ans.
Pour demander à limiter l’utilisation ou la communication de vos renseignements personnels sensibles, appelez-nous gratuitement au 844 (972-1285) ou contactez notre responsable de la protection des données au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
Si vous résidez en Californie, que vous avez moins de 18 ans et que vous êtes un utilisateur inscrit ou une utilisatrice inscrite à l’un de nos sites Web, vous pouvez nous demander de supprimer le contenu ou les renseignements que vous avez publiés en écrivant à notre responsable de la protection des données au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com. Veuillez noter que votre demande ne garantit pas le retrait total du contenu ou des renseignements, puisque, par exemple, un autre utilisateur pourrait avoir republié une partie de votre contenu.
Résidents du Nevada
: Les résidents du Nevada peuvent demander aux personnes exploitant un site Web de ne pas vendre les « renseignements visés » de consommateurs, au sens attribué au terme « covered information » par les lois du Nevada.
NOUS N’AVONS VENDU AUCUN RENSEIGNEMENT VISÉ AU SENS ATTRIBUÉ AUX TERMES « SOLD » ET « COVERED INFORMATION » PAR LES LOIS DU NEVADA.
Si vous résidez au Nevada et que vous souhaitez obtenir plus d’information sur la vente de vos renseignements visés, veuillez nous écrire au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
FIN DE L’AVIS DE COLLECTE
8.	Comment répondrons-nous à vos demandes?
Nous vérifierons votre identité et répondrons à votre demande dans le respect du droit applicable, en tenant compte du type de renseignements personnels visés par la demande et de leur sensibilité. Dans certains cas, nous pourrions refuser d’accéder à votre demande lorsque la loi ou le droit que vous invoquez ne s’applique pas ou lorsqu’une exception s’applique. Sous réserve des lois applicables, nous pourrions devoir vous demander les renseignements suivants afin de vérifier votre identité et de nous protéger contre les demandes frauduleuses : nom d’entreprise, numéro de compte, nom, date de naissance, adresse postale, adresse électronique, numéro de téléphone, extrait de votre numéro de sécurité sociale ou d’assurance sociale, numéro D, numéro de partenaire commercial, données financières à votre dossier, numéro de permis de conduire, adresse de livraison ou historique des achats, des garanties, des réparations ou de l’étalonnage, numéro de série de l’appareil ou informations sur vos emplois actuels et précédents. Si vous avez un compte protégé par mot de passe auprès de nous, nous pourrions vérifier votre identité en utilisant les pratiques d’authentification en place pour votre compte et vous demander de vous réauthentifier avant de communiquer ou de supprimer vos renseignements personnels. Dans le cas d’une demande de suppression, nous pourrions vous demander de confirmer votre demande avant de supprimer vos renseignements personnels.
9.	Comment pouvez-vous faire appel de notre décision concernant votre demande?
Si vous résidez au Colorado, au Connecticut ou en Virginie et que nous refusons de donner suite à votre demande, vous pouvez faire appel de ce refus dans un délai raisonnable à compter de la réception de l’avis de refus. Vous pouvez faire appel par téléphone au numéro sans frais (844) 972-1285 ou par courriel à notre responsable de la protection des données au DataProtectionManager@snapon.com.
10.	Comment mon mandataire peut-il faire une demande en mon nom?
Pour faire une demande en votre nom permise par le droit applicable, votre mandataire peut utiliser les méthodes décrites aux questions « Quels choix s’offrent à moi s’agissant de mes renseignements personnels? Quels sont mes droits? ». Certains types de demandes ne peuvent pas être présentées par un mandataire autorisé dans certains États. Dans le cadre de notre processus de vérification, nous pourrions demander à votre mandataire une preuve de sa qualité de mandataire autorisé, le cas échéant. En outre, nous pourrions vous demander de confirmer votre identité de la manière décrite à la question «
Comment répondrons-nous à vos demandes?
» ou de confirmer que vous avez autorisé le mandataire à présenter la demande.
Si vous résidez en Californie et qu’un mandataire fait une demande en votre nom, nous pourrions exiger un mandat établi par vous désignant le mandataire, conformément aux articles 4121 à 4130 du California Probate Code. En l’absence de mandat, nous pourrions exiger une preuve que vous avez autorisé le mandataire à présenter la demande en votre nom par écrit signé (« écrit signé » signifie que l’autorisation porte votre signature physique ou électronique, conformément à la Uniform Electronic Transactions Act et aux articles 1633.7 et suivants du Civil Code). Nous pourrions également exiger que vous nous confirmiez directement : i) votre identité; ou ii) le fait que vous avez autorisé le mandataire à présenter la demande. Si un mandataire souhaite présenter une demande de refus de la vente ou de la communication de vos renseignements personnels [ou de limitation de l’utilisation de vos renseignements personnels sensibles] en votre nom, nous ne sommes autorisés à lui demander que la preuve que vous l’y avez autorisé par écrit signé.
11.	Comment utilisons-nous les renseignements dépersonnalisés?
Lorsque nous conservons ou utilisons des renseignements dépersonnalisés, nous continuons à les conserver et à les utiliser uniquement de manière dépersonnalisée et nous ne tentons pas de les repersonnaliser.
12.	Auprès de quelles sources recueillons-nous des renseignements personnels?
Nous recueillons des renseignements personnels auprès de diverses sources, notamment :
Vous.
Vous pouvez nous donner directement des renseignements personnels dans le cadre :
de l’achat ou de l’utilisation de nos produits ou services ou d’une demande ou d’une inscription en ce sens;
de l’achat d’une franchise ou d’une candidature en ce sens;
des demandes de financement et demandes de renseignements des prêteurs;
de la propriété et de la confirmation d’entreprise;
de la réception de services d’assistance à la clientèle;
de la création d’un compte, du remplissage de formulaires ou de la réservation d’une réparation sur notre site Web;
de l’abonnement à nos publications;
d’une demande d’envoi de documents markéting;
de la participation à un concours, une promotion ou un sondage;
de nos échanges en personne à des salons, événements ou autres;
du téléchargement d’un logiciel depuis notre site Web ou de l’utilisation de notre fonctionnalité de clavardage en direct;
de vos interactions avec nous en tant que distributeur ou distributrice, représentant(e) commercial(e) ou franchisé(e) actuel(e) ou potentiel(le) ou en tant qu’employé(e) ou entrepreneur ou entrepreneuse d’un franchisé ou distributeur;
du dépôt d’une demande au titre d’une assurance du franchisé ou d’une garantie à l’égard de laquelle nous fournissons des services d’administration des réclamations;
de l’inscription à un événement ou à une formation;
de la communication de commentaires ou d’autres renseignements lorsque vous nous contactez; ou
de la connexion par vous de votre compte sur un réseau social à votre compte chez nous.
Technologies ou interactions automatisées.
Lorsque vous interagissez avec notre site Web ou notre application, nous recueillons automatiquement des renseignements techniques et renseignements sur l’utilisation (comme décrit plus amplement à la question « Quels types de renseignements personnels recueillons-nous? »).   Nous recueillons ces données au moyen de témoins, de journaux de serveur et d’autres technologies du même type. Pour des renseignements plus détaillés sur les technologies de suivi que nous utilisons sur ce site Web, voir la politique sur les témoins et les paramètres des témoins publiée sur le site Web.
Tiers ou sources publiques.
Nous recevrons des renseignements personnels de divers tiers qui ont confirmé qu’ils étaient autorisés à nous communiquer ces renseignements ou de sources publiques, notamment :
Des agences de renseignements sur les consommateurs, agences d’évaluation du crédit et bases de données publiques;
Les garages et concessionnaires automobiles utilisant nos produits ou services;
Nos franchisés ou autres représentants commerciaux;
Des fabricants d’équipements d’origine (FEO);
Votre employeur ou établissement scolaire, afin que vous puissiez utiliser nos produits ou services;
Des rapports sur un véhicule automobile émanant de fournisseurs de services tiers ou de l’organisme de réglementation en matière de véhicules automobiles compétent (DMV);
Vos représentants, notamment votre conjoint(e), vos employés, vos conseillers juridiques et financiers ou toute autre personne désignée par vous, le cas échéant;
Des banques, conseillers juridiques, compagnies d’assurance, courtiers et autres institutions financières;
Des services d’enquête sur les réclamations de tiers;
Des distributeurs et fournisseurs avec lesquels vous interagissez, le cas échéant;
Des associations professionnelles;
Toute personne passant commande en votre nom ou vous inscrivant à un événement;
D’autres sociétés du groupe Snap-on avec lesquelles vous pouvez interagir via nos autres sites Web, produits, services ou pages de réseaux sociaux;
Des fournisseurs de service de recherche;
Des fournisseurs de services de facilitation de réunions;
Des entreprises de manutention et de transport;
Des réseaux publicitaires;
Des opérateurs de réseaux sociaux;
Des fournisseurs d’accès à Internet;
Des fournisseurs de services d’analyse de données;
Des systèmes d’exploitation et plateformes;
Des tiers qui recueillent des renseignements lorsque nous tentons de vous localiser et de vous contacter.
Mes renseignements personnels seront-ils transférés vers d’autres pays?
Nous sommes une entreprise mondiale et vos renseignements personnels peuvent être stockés et traités dans tout pays où nous avons des installations ou dans lequel nous faisons appel à des fournisseurs de services, et en vous engageant avec nous, vous comprenez que vos renseignements seront transférés vers des pays en dehors de votre pays de résidence, y compris les États-Unis, qui peuvent avoir des règles de protection des données qui sont différentes de celles de votre pays.
RENSEIGNEMENTS SUPPLÉMENTAIRES CONCERNANT L’EEE et le Royaume-Uni : Certains pays non membres de l’EEE et du Royaume-Uni sont reconnus par la Commission européenne et l’ICO comme offrant un niveau adéquat de protection des données selon les normes de l’EEE ou du Royaume-Uni (la liste complète de ces pays est disponible
ici
pour l’EEE et
ici
pour le Royaume-Uni.). Pour les transferts de données à partir de l’EEE et du Royaume-Uni vers des pays qui ne sont pas considérés comme adéquats par la Commission européenne ou l’ICO, nous avons mis en place des mesures adéquates,comme des clauses contractuelles standard adoptées par la Commission européenne et l’ICO (y compris avec les membres du groupe Snap-on Incorporated) pour protéger vos renseignements personnels. Vous pouvez obtenir une copie de ces mesures en contactant
DataProtectionManager@snapon.com>
.
13.	Quelles mesures de sécurité ont été mises en place pour protéger mes renseignements personnels?
Nous nous efforçons de protéger la sécurité de vos renseignements personnels et de garder en place des mesures de protection administratives, techniques et physiques contre la perte, l’utilisation abusive, la divulgation, l’altération ou la destruction de vos renseignements personnels ou l’accès non autorisé à ceux-ci.
Malheureusement, la transmission de renseignements sur Internet n’est pas totalement sécurisée. Bien que nous nous efforcions de protéger vos renseignements personnels, nous ne pouvons pas garantir la sécurité des renseignements personnels qui nous sont transmis ou qui sont stockés sur nos systèmes; toute transmission a lieu à vos propres risques. Après réception de vos renseignements personnels, nous utiliserons des procédures et des mesures de sécurité en vue d’empêcher tout accès non autorisé à ceux-ci. Il s’agit notamment de procédures établissant des mesures physiques, électroniques et de gestion.
14.  Comment puis-je m’exclure des listes d’envoi à des fins promotionnelles?
Vous avez le droit de nous demander de ne pas vous envoyer de communications markéting. En général, si nous avons l’intention d’utiliser vos renseignements personnels ou de les communiquer à tout tiers à de telles fins, nous vous en informerons avant de les recueillir. Vous pouvez exercer votre droit d’empêcher un tel traitement en cochant les cases à cet effet sur les formulaires de collecte de renseignements personnels. Vous pouvez également exercer votre droit d’empêcher un tel traitement à tout moment :
en cliquant sur le lien de désabonnement figurant dans tout courriel informatif ou promotionnel que nous vous envoyons;
en cliquant sur l’option d’inclusion/exclusion dans les paramètres de l’application;
en communiquant avec notre centre de services à la clientèle pour poser toute question concernant la modification de votre préférence ou demander qu’on vous aide à retirer votre nom des listes d’abonnement.
15.   Modifications du présent énoncé sur la protection des renseignements personnels
Nous pouvons modifier ou mettre à jour la présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels à l’occasion. En cas de modification importante touchant les renseignements personnels recueillis avant la modification, selon la nature de la modification, nous pourrions vous en aviser et vous demander d’y consentir. Nous publierons toute modification sur notre site Web. Par conséquent, vous devriez y consulter la version la plus récente de notre politique de protection des renseignements personnels régulièrement. Nous publierons la version révisée de la présente politique de protection des renseignements personnels sur cette page, en y indiquant la dernière date de mise à jour. La présente version est datée du 6 octobre 2023.
16.    Liens
Nos sites Web peuvent contenir des liens vers d’autres sites. Nous ne sommes pas responsables du contenu ou des pratiques en matière de protection des renseignements personnels de ces sites, et notre politique de protection des renseignements personnels ne s’applique pas aux renseignements que ces sites recueillent auprès de vous. Nous vous encourageons à lire l’énoncé sur la protection des renseignements personnels de chaque site qui recueille des renseignements auprès de vous. Lorsque vous quittez notre site via un lien pour interagir avec un site non régi par notre politique de protection des renseignements personnels, une nouvelle fenêtre de navigateur s’ouvre. Si votre interaction avec notre site nécessite l’envoi de renseignements sur vous à un site tiers non régi par notre politique de protection des renseignements personnels, nous vous en informerons clairement avant l’envoi de vos renseignements.
Contact Us
Find a Franchisee
Product Safety
Site Feedback
Submit a Product Idea
Environment, Health, Safety, ISO, SDS
Privacy Policy - French
Own a Franchise
Anti-Human Trafficking
Privacy Policy - English
Terms & Conditions
Giveaway Official Rules
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
top
Our Company
Our Customers
Investors
Careers
Shop Snap-on Catalog
Search
Our Company
Chairman & CEO Message
Current News
Global Presence
Makers and Fixers
Media Center
Our Brands
Our History
Our Mission
Our Strategic Runways
Productivity Solutions
Suppliers
Upskilling the Workforce
Veteran Programs
Search
Our Customers
Automotive
Aviation & Aerospace
Collision
Construction & Agriculture
Electronics
Heavy Duty Trucks & Fleets
Manufacturing
Medical Device Manufacturing
Metal Cutting
Military & Defense
Mining
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Rail
Schools & Students
Vineyards & Landscaping
Search
Investors
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance
Corporate Press Releases
Financial Information
Investor Events
Investor Kit
Quarterly Earnings
Risk Factors
ESG Reporting
Stock Information
Sustainability Commitment
Search
Careers
We Are Snap-on
Search Current Openings
Our People
Benefits & Culture
Career FAQs
Search
Shop Snap-on Catalog
Search
Back
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Snap-on Corporate
We have placed cookies on your computer to give you the best possible experience with our website. These cookies are also used to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies to improve your user experience. You can click the cookie settings link on our website to change your cookie settings at any time.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
REJECT ALL COOKIES
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Listing‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Listing‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Listing‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Listing‎
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://www.snapon.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/PRIVACY_POLICY_Submitted_for_posting_04th_Nov_2019.pdf:
