Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Products and Services
This Privacy Policy has been compiled to assist you (“you,” “your,” or “User”) to understand how Sergey Bezdenezhnykh (“we”, “our,” “us” or «Sergey Bezdenezhnykh»), and our affiliates and subsidiaries, collect, use and disclose your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through your use any mobile sites, applications, widgets, and other mobile interactive features associated with the Site (collectively, our “Apps”), through other services that we may offer in connection with our Site and Apps, through our official social media pages that we control (our “Social Media Pages”), as well as through email messages that we send to you (collectively, the Social Media Pages, Apps and Site, the “Sites”).
This notice does not apply to information collected or obtained by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Sites.
By your use of «Sergey Bezdenezhnykh» Services, including the use of our website and (mobile phone) applications (our “Site” and “Application”), you consent to the processing of your personal data, if any, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Please review the below information. By entering our website or registering for and/or using our products and services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and authorize  App to disclose the information as described below.
Types of Data collected
Some information — such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Apps
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
We may collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Application usage data. We automatically record usage data (for example, which recipes you viewed and selected, how often you interacted with the app). Data is recorded without binding to the user.
Your purchase history within our App. We automatically collect your purchase history to provide App functionality
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Collection and use of information
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent
We not use and not collect personal information.
We may use your information only to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Apps.
If your communication requests a response from us, we may send you a response via e-mail. The e-mail response or confirmation may include your personal information, including your name, address, etc. We cannot guarantee that our e-mails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception.
Retention or deletion of Google user data
The application does not collect, store or request any personal information other than the data required by Google for authorization on the service.
The application does not have server and advertising extensions and identifiers, so the received data is not transferred to third parties outside the application.
The application does not view or identify any files on your disks other than those containing music.
All audio files are saved only by the user, can be viewed and deleted at any time in the saved files browser.
When you delete the application, all files are deleted automatically, including saved ones.
Collection and use face data (for Photo Editors)
We not use and not collect face data.
The application does not have face identification.
The application does not store face data.
We do not share data about a person’s face with third parties, the application does not have this data.
Providing information to third parties
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data on the following legal basis:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Links to other sites and services
App may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These Websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies when visiting the Websites. App has no responsibility for linked websites and is not responsible for the content of any such site. Site provides these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Security
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure.
Policy amendment
Sergey Bezdenezhnykh approaches Internet communications with a strong commitment to individual privacy rights and concerns. As the Internet evolves, our policy will continue to change and develop. We therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the sites following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Map provider (only for navigation applications)
Map provider Mapbox SDKs collect anonymous data about the map and device location to continuously update and improve your maps. The data is not tied to your personality in any way and you can at any time refuse to participate in the project without harming the functionality of the application.
In order to refuse to participate in the project, click the «i» icon next to the MapBox logo at the top left of the screen.
Details can be obtained here —
https://www.mapbox.com/telemetry
Contacts
If you have questions about the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy or your experience with any of our sites, please contact us 666sb@inbox.ru