Privacy policy
Last updated: July 17, 2024
The privacy of your data—and it is your data, not ours!—is a big deal to us. In this policy, we lay out: what data we collect and why; how your data is handled; and your rights with respect to your data. We promise we never sell your data: never have, never will.
This policy applies to the product: Kuli Kuli, built and maintained by If Tech
https://iftech.io/
This policy applies to our handling of information about site visitors, prospective customers. We refer collectively to these categories of individuals as “you” throughout this policy.
What we collect and why
We collect only what we need. Here’s what that means in practice:
Identity & access
When you sign up for Kuli Kuli, we use Apple Login on iOS and Wechat Login on Android, we use email address (provided by Apple, you can choose to hide your real email) and OpenID (provided by Wechat) to identify you. That’s so you can personalize your new account, and we can send you product updates and other essential information. We may also send you optional surveys from time to time to help us understand how you use our products and to make improvements. We’ll never sell your personal information to third parties, and we won’t use your name or company in marketing statements without your permission either.
Billing information
If you sign up for a paid Kuli Kuli membership, you will be asked to provide your payment information and billing address. Credit card information is submitted directly to our payment processor (Apple and Alipay) and doesn’t hit Kuli Kuli servers. We store a record of the payment transaction, without the credit card number, for purposes of account history, invoicing, and billing support. We require your billing address so we can charge you for service, calculate any sales tax due, send you invoices, and detect fraudulent credit card transactions.
Product interactions
We store on our servers the translation data, the explanation data and the images (without any personal data), which is strongly encrypted. This is so you can use Kuli Kuli as intended.
General Geolocation data
We log the full IP address used to sign up a product account and retain that for use in mitigating future spammy signups. We also log all account access by full IP address for security and support purposes, and we keep this login data for as long as your account is active.
App interactions
We collect information about your app activity for analytics and statistical purposes such as conversion rate testing and experimenting with new product designs. This includes, for example, your phone model and operating system versions, your IP address, which features you used and how long they took to load, and which website/app referred you to us. If you have an account and are signed in, these app analytics data are tied to your IP address and user account until your account is no longer active. The app analytics we use are described further in the Advertising and Cookies section.
When we access or disclose your information
No If Tech human looks at your content except for limited purposes with your express permission, for example, if an error occurs when you are translating your images. These are rare cases, and when they happen, we look for root cause solutions as much as possible to avoid them recurring. We may also access your data if required in order to respond to legal process.
Your rights with respect to your information
We strive to apply the same data rights to all customers, regardless of their location. Some of these rights include:
Right to Know.
You have the right to know what personal information is collected, used. We outline both the categories and specific bits of data we collect, as well as how they are used, in this privacy policy.
Right of Access.
This includes your right to access the personal information we gather about you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security and processing of that information.
Right to Correction.
You have the right to request correction of your personal information.
Right to Erasure / “To Be Forgotten”.
This is your right to request, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, that your personal information be erased from our possession and, by extension, from all of our service providers.
Right to Complain.
You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information with the appropriate supervisory authority.
Right to Object.
You have the right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your personal information is processed.
Many of these rights can be exercised by signing in and updating your account information. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need to retain certain information in order to provide our services to you.
In some cases, we also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your email address or Wechat account. If we are unable to verify you, we may be unable to respond to your requests.
How we secure your data
All data is encrypted via
SSL/TLS
when transmitted from our servers to your app.
What happens when you delete content in your account
In Kuli Kuli, we give you the option to trash content. Anything you trash in your account is removed immediately. The trashed content cannot be accessed via the application and we are not able to retrieve it for you.
If you choose to cancel your account, your content will become immediately inaccessible and should be purged from our systems in full within 60 days.
Data retention
We keep your information for the time necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and your choices, after which time we may delete and/or aggregate it. We may also retain and use this information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Through this policy, we have provided specific retention periods for certain types of information.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using our services and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union. International Transfers of Information Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Changes & questions
We may update this policy as needed to comply with relevant regulations and reflect any new practices. Whenever we make a significant change to our policies, we will refresh the date at the top of this page and take any other appropriate steps to notify users. Have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy, your data, or your rights with respect to your information? Please get in touch by emailing us at
contact@kulikuli.app
and we’ll be happy to try to answer them!