Privacy policy
Effective date March 28, 2023
Greetings! This is a Privacy Policy – the document that explains how Jet Games FZ-LLC,
(“Jet Games”, Company”, “We”)
processes Your
(“User”, “You”)
Personal data when You engage in our Games
(“Personal data”).
The Privacy Policy is an integral part of Our Terms of Use agreement between Jet Games and a User, on the basis of which User is granted access to our Games and other services (“Terms of Use”). Terms of use are posted in the relevant section of the Game.
The Privacy Policy applies to all the Games developed and/or published by Us and to which We have all exclusive rights, including, but not limited to
“Drive Zone Online” (“Game”).
You can find Our Game at different online stores, platforms or web-sites, including, but not limited to: Google Play; App Store; AppGallery HUAWEI (
“Store”
). Please be aware that the Store from where You can install our Game may have different rules for personal data processing. The Store is solely responsible for Your data processing when You use it.
Please check this page regularly as we will be posting the latest version of the Policy in the relevant Games section. Changes take effect from the moment of publication.
This Policy comes into force from the moment of publication on the Service and applies to relations that arose from April 06, 2022.
ABOUT US
:
We process Your personal data as data controller (meaning that We determine the purposes and means of the processing of your data)
Name: Jet Games FZ-LLC;
Address: Dubai, Dubai Internet City Free Trade Zone, Bldg 16, premises 16-SD121, U.A.E.;
Contact email: support.dzo@jetgamesdev.com.
At Jet Games the privacy and security of our Users are of paramount importance. Jet Games is committed to protecting the data you share with Us.
WHAT DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY
:
We collect only the necessary categories of Your Personal data in order to meet the specified above purposes:
Emails (and Name if shown or provided when received an email);
Unique number (code) automatically generated and assigned to your account to identify your account in the Game (“
In-game ID
”);
In-game User progress;
Data regarding the in-game online activities;
Data regarding the purchased in-game items.
You;
Our Partners
Provision of User tech support.
Agreement (Terms of Use)
In-game User behaviour.
Our Partners.
Statistics analysis of the use of Our services;
Ability to amend and improve the Games and users’ experience within them.
Legitimate interest in statistic analysis and enhancing the Game
We do not collect any of Your Personal data but mentioned above. That includes any information that You can provide or can be gathered by the third-parties for marketing and advertising services (
please see the list of such parties below
) as well as any financial information about in-Game purchases that You make. That Personal data is processed by the relevant third party that is responsible for the processing and security of the data.
We do not collect any sensitive data about You such as information about your race or ethnicity, religious beliefs and sexual orientation; information about your health, including any medical condition, or information about criminal convictions and offenses.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
:
We intend to limit the period of data processing to the necessary minimum and not to store them for longer than is reasonably necessary.
We may process it only while the User participates in Games, as well as for
three years
from the date of the last gaming session and activity in each Game. This is necessary to ensure the ability to restore Game progress, analyse the use of the Games and in the defense or exercise of legal claims.
If applicable data protection or other legislation prescribes storage of Personal data for a longer or shorter period of time, We will store Personal data for a period in accordance with these legal requirements.
You can always request to delete Your Personal data . To do so, please contact us at
info@jetgamesdev.com
.
Deletion procedure:
The Сompany selects the personal information for which the reason for destruction occurred, and destroys the personal information with the approval of the Сompany's data protection officer. The User may initiate the deletion in the Settings menu inside the Games by pressing the “Delete my account” button. The User may also request deletion by sending a request to the technical support.
Destruction method:
After the receiving of the request for data deletion the Company redirects this request to the dedicated server. The data is deleted by low level formatting and cannot be restored afterwards.
Please keep in mind that We are still entitled to retain some of Your Personal data after receiving Your request to delete it when the processing is necessary and:
● for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by law;
● for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
HOW SECURE IS YOUR DATA:
All Your Personal data is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only. Jet Games implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure. We encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL), and NaCl encryption to protect your stored data and data within our Games.
We keep all Your Personal data in a combined virtual storage with the storages via third-party services provided by Our Partners.
CAN A THIRD-PARTY PROCESS YOUR DATA
:
Yes. It is important for Us to cooperate with some of the third-parties for
Analytics
(marketing/purchases),
Payment Providers
,
Advertising
and
Personal data storage
purposes as well as to provide You with the most comfortable
ways of registration
in Our Games (“
Our Partners
”).
Data transfers to third countries:
Emails (and Name if shown or provided when received an email);
In-game ID;
In-game User progress;
Data regarding the in-game online battles;
Data regarding the purchased in-game items.
Provision of User tech support.
Agreement (Terms of Use)
In-game User behaviour.
Our Partners.
Statistics analysis of the use of Our services;
Ability to amend and improve the Games and users’ experience within them.
In-game User behaviour;
In-game ID.
PLEASE NOTE:
1. The provided information is stored in the US in dedicated data centers. We use encrypted data transfer protocols and transfer data by an internet connection to collect user’s data.
2. The date of the recording of such information is the date of the user's acceptance of the Terms of Use (registration date).
3. Such information stored for internal purposes described in our privacy policy.
4. Such information is used by Jet Games and Jet Games will delete any of such information when the purpose of use will expire or earlier by such request from the user.
5.
For EU Users
: We may transfer personal data relating to You outside of the EEA, since We may store Your personal data as well as transfer it to third-party services located outside of the EEA. We undertake to store Your personal data only in those jurisdictions that use the necessary security mechanisms to protect Your personal data, including various data encryption methods. With each of the third party, We accept obligations under the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission with provision of the assessment regarding the level of protection of Your data when applicable.
Our Partners:
(1)
Analytics:
As Our primary goal is to create an engaging and fun experience for a User, we need to understand users’ behavior and their interaction with the Games;
(2)
Payment Providers:
As the Game provides You with the opportunity to purchase the in-game items and make other purchases, We need to use the third-party service to help Us to conduct such transactions.
(3)
Data storage:
To ensure that we keep Your data protected and in order to be able to use it with high efficiency We as well use the third-party services;
(4)
Ways of registration in Games:
As part of improvement of the Game experience We added the opportunity to register in Games not only via email, but by authorization through Facebook, Apple, Google and Huawei accounts.
YOUR DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
:
You have the right to information about what Personal data We process, how and on what basis as set out in this policy, to be notified about data breach as well as other rights :
Right to rectification
You have the right to request us to correct any inaccuracies or incompleteness in your Personal data at any time.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request the erasure of your Personal data should the data no longer be necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected, should you withdraw your consent or due to other legal requirements.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of processing your Personal data in order to verify its accuracy, when you oppose the erasure of the Personal data, when it is required for your participation in legal claims or for other purposes provided to you by applicable law.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your Personal data in commonly used and machine-readable format as well as to transmit it to another controller if those data are being processed based on your consent or a contract with You.
Right to object
You have the right to object to Personal data processing where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal data, unless We have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing.
You also have the right to object if We process your Personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the absolute and unrestricted right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling
Should We take any decision that both can significantly affect You and is based solely upon automated processing, including decisions without any human interaction, You have the right to request to review the decision or take a new one that will not be based solely on automated means.
FOR CALIFORNIA USERS
:
We are committed to using Your Personal data as permitted by the CCPA. According to the document You have the following rights among others:
Right to know
You have a right to request disclosure of Your Personal data.
The right to non-discrimination for exercising their CCPA rights
Jet Games respects every User and encourages You to exercise any of Your granted rights. We warrant that in doing so You will not face any discrimination on Our behalf.
To exercise any of the rights, please please contact Us at info@jetgamesdev.com
PLEASE NOTE: We do not sell Your data to anyone and do not intend to
. In accordance with this Privacy Policy, however, We may share it with third parties.
Under the CCPA You have the
right to opt-out
from future possible sales if any will occur that You as well may exercise by contacting Us at info@jetgamesdev.com and to check or request to stop selling Your data.
Data Deletion
If you want to delete your account and associated data, you may contact us by sending an email to support@jetgamesdev.com or find the "Delete Account" button in the game's Settings. Keep in mind that this process is irrevocable. Once done, your data and your account may never be restored.
Back to main page