Admincontrol Privacy Statement
This privacy statement covers our collection, use and disclosure of information collected through Our Websites:
admincontrol.com
, with subdomains
and the Admincontrol service (Our Service):
app.admincontrol.net
,
including any connected applications that have been developed by Admincontrol to work as a part of Our Service.
The use of information collected through Our Service and connected applications are limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Customer has engaged Admincontrol AS.
Admincontrol as a Data Processor:
For Our Service; Admincontrol AS collects and processes information under the direction of our Customers. Admincontrol has no direct legal relationship with each individual user of Our Service. Each of our Customer acts as Data Controller whereas Admincontrol is the Data Processor. A Data Processor Agreement is entered into between our Customers and Admincontrol, included as part of the subscription agreement or Terms of Service (TOS). This agreement includes the necessary Data Processing provisions to ensure that the processing of our Customers data is in accordance with EU & UK GDPR.
Data processing
Data is processed in line with the requirements of GDPR, for some of the processing Admincontrol uses subcontractors. These subcontractors are typically vendors of cloud services or other IT hosting services.
When using subcontractors, Admincontrol will enter into a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with subcontractors in order to safeguard your privacy rights and to fulfil our obligations towards our Customers.  When subcontractors are located outside the EU/EEA, Admincontrol ensures legal grounds for such international transfers on behalf of you or our Customers, by using EU Model Clauses as transfer tool and supplementary measures to provide a data protection level equal of processing within EU/EEA.
For the Our Service all customer and personal data are processed under the control of Admincontrol AS in datacentres within the EU/EEA area. A more detailed description of our processing when we act as a Data Processor for our Customers is found here:
www.admincontrol.com/data-processing/
Our contact details are as follows:
Admincontrol AS,
Lille Grensen 7,
0159 Oslo,
Norway
+47 22 83 61 00
support@admincontrol.com
Admincontrol as a Data Controller:
Admincontrol act as Data Controller for information we collect when you access Our Site and Our Service, including additional information obtained through the “Request a Demo”, Newsletter subscriptions and “Landing Pages”.
Information we collect
Information obtained by completing any forms on Our Websites.
Details of your visits to Our Websites and Our Service, including but not limited to, traffic data, location data, browser version and details, weblogs and other communication data, and the resources that you may access.
Feedback you provide, by using our Customer Feedback form within Our Service.
As a user of our Admincontrol service, we store and process your name and contact details such as phone number and registered e-mail address including any eID identifiers used to connect your personal eID to your Admincontrol user account.
Use of information
The information collected is maintained for the purpose of fulfilling our contractual obligations with our Client and is used as such or in order to contact you for the purpose of demonstrating our services.
The information we collect is not shared with any organisations, except to provide products or services requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, legal proceedings, or similar legal process.
To investigate potential violations of our Terms of Service
To security approved Sub-contractors as stated in our Data Processing Agreement with our Customers
To third-party service provider as stated under 3rd Party disclosure
To other companies within the Visma group, when necessary to fulfil the purpose of the processing activity
If Admincontrol is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, our Customers will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Our Site of any change in ownership.
Customer Feedback
In Admincontrol, we are eager to deliver a great experience for our customers. As a part of that, being in contact with, and receiving feedback from our customers is crucial to ensure that we keep current customers happy and attract new ones.
In order to handle your feedback, and if necessary, get in contact with you to follow up feedback that you have given, we register personal data alongside your answer. We register information related to the answer, application, customer, and user including but not limited to username/id, email, URL, company name, country, and pricing plan. We use such personal data to follow up the feedback with users and customers in order to fully understand the needs, and to inform when we have taken action on the feedback. The legal ground for processing your personal data is our legitimate interest in trying to ensure that Admincontrol lives up to our customers’ expectations and all contractual commitments. Personal data will be deleted when the data is no longer necessary for the above mentioned purpose of processing.
In order to handle your feedback, we may share your personal data with other companies within the Visma group. Visma does not share your personal data with external third parties other than subcontractors and partners. We will ensure your personal data and rights by entering into data protection agreements with such subcontractors. These subcontractors are primarily based within the EU. If any subcontractor is located outside the EU, Visma ensures the legal basis for transferring personal data to such parties/countries.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Admincontrol and our analytics provider use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts, to analyse trends, administer Our Websites, tracking users movements and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
To protect your privacy we utilise anonymization technologies when transferring data to our analytics provider, such anonymization technologies will remove your Personal Identifiable Information.
See our
Cookie Declaration
for an overview of all cookies on Our Websites, or to change your consent.
Log files
As is true for most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, Username and/or Account ID/User ID, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data and may be stored in server and system logs such as network, intrusion prevention logs, firewall logs, webserver and application logs in order to maintain our high level of security of our service and maintain service availability.
Admincontrol is the Data Controller for these logs and they are maintained for a period of 12 months. Our legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest to provide support to our customers and to maintain sufficient network and information security.
Your personal data is processed from a business perspective in a manner that we believe does not conflict with your privacy rights or freedoms.
3rd Party disclosure
For Analytics purposes and user profiling some personal data is transmitted to external services. This is to help us improve Our Websites and the Admincontrol service (Our Service) and to be able to provide relevant content based on your interest.
Our Service:
We use cookies and tracking technologies when you use Our Service, in order to optimize your experience of the Admincontrol service and improve our product. When accessing Our Service for the first time you will be presented with a Cookie Consent box, where you provide your consent for this collection. You can withdraw or change your consent from your personal settings page at any time.
Our Websites:
Google Analytics
and Snowplow
We use Google Analytics and/or Snowplow to gather user behaviour analytics. For this only aggregated and anonymized data is transferred.
LinkedIn ads (including LinkedIn remarketing ads):
Based on your cookie consent, we use LinkedIn Insight Tag to show ads on LinkedIn based on one or more of the following criteria’s:
Visits and/or behaviour on Our Site
Information from LinkedIn Profile, such as interests, group memberships, location and demographical information (aggregated data)
Customer Data
LinkedIn Matching Audience feature
These tracking technologies facilitate the placement of advertising campaigns on the LinkedIn platform and enable Admincontrol to generate reports about the performance of these advertising campaigns.
Salesforce Chat
We use
Salesforce
as a chat solution on on Our Site, Our Webshop and Our Help Centre. By clicking the consent form in the chat, you accept that your personal contact data may be shared with third parties outside of the EU/EEA. For more information, please visit the
Salesforce GDPR Compliance Site
. Additional information can be found at
Salesforce’s Privacy Information site
.
The main purpose of the chat is to support customers. We ask for Name, E-mail and Company as well as Subject in order to identify the customer in Salesforce, so that we may provide the most efficient support possible.
iOS Application
For our iOS Application, we use Firebase Crashlytics to analyse crash logs. Only aggregated and anonymized data is transferred to Crashlytics to help us improve the Application and our service. For more information about the data collected by this service, please refer to the:
Crashlytics Data Processing and Security terms
Payment Processing
Admincontrol does not process payments for services on Our Site.
Access to your information
The Norwegian Data Protection Act and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) give you the right to access the information we hold about you.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the responsible person within their organisation for the agreement with Admincontrol. Admincontrol will make reasonable commercial efforts to promptly fulfil our Customers request. Requests relating to information we process for our own purposes may be directed to us to the address set out under “Further Information”.
Security
Admincontrol has security and the protection of our customer’s data as a top priority and is certified against ISO:27001:2022. The ISO 27001:2022 standard govern our information security work.
The following are our primary information security goals:
Admincontrol must ensure the confidentiality, privacy and integrity to customers data.
The Admincontrol services must be available to authorised users in accordance with Admincontrol’s SLA.
Admincontrol must actively work to minimise the risks and any potential damage by preventing security incidents and their potential impact.
Admincontrol must comply with relevant customer requirements, laws and regulations for information security.
For further details see
www.admincontrol.com/information-security/
Compliance
Admincontrol complies with the following Norwegian laws and regulations concerning IT security for banks and finance institutions, including Norwegian and European (EU/EEA) regulations for protection of personal data:
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Norwegian Personal Data Act
Regulations on use of information and communication technology (ICT)
Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA)
All Customers need to ensure that any local laws and regulations within their sector and/or their country is covered. When ensuring compliance with your sector specific or local regulation needs, you may contact Admincontrol for a more detailed description of our security controls.
Admincontrol has taken appropriate steps to ensure compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) once entered into force.
Retention
Admincontrol will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Customers as long as needed to provide services to our Customers. Admincontrol will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Information we collect in order to demonstrate our services is maintained until the purpose of the collection has been fulfilled.
Cancellation or termination of account
Admincontrol can completely remove all the Client’s documents, files and meta-data upon request. If your account is terminated for any reason, please contact us with any request to access your data.
Changes to this
Statement
We may amend this Statement from time to time. The latest version will at all times be available on Our Site. You are advised to consult this Statement regularly for any changes.
If we make significant changes to our Statement that materially alter our privacy practices, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our Site prior to the changes taking effect.
Data Protection Officer
To ensure proper Data Protection and Privacy is in place Admincontrol has appointed an internal Data Protection Officer that monitors Admincontrol compliance with GDPR, provide advise in privacy related matters and act as a point of contact for our Customers and the Data Protection Authorities.
Further information
For further data processing details, compliance or security,
you may contact the DPO on e-mail:
privacy@admincontrol.com
The last update of this Privacy Statement was February 28th, 2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.salesforce.com/privacy/overview/:
Skip to content
Overview
Regional Privacy Laws
Products
Industries
Resources
Privacy
Overview
Regional Privacy Laws
Products
Industries
Resources
Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers. Salesforce’s top priority is the security and privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect.
Take the EU Trail
Take the US trail
Take the CCPA Trail
learn more
As the #1 CRM platform, Salesforce provides companies like yours with the tools to build trust while enhancing customer experiences. Gain increased transparency and control of your customers’ data, all while harnessing the power of that data to connect with customers in new ways.
No matter where your customers are located, we care about helping you protect their personal data.
Learn more about privacy laws and related topics in your region
We safeguard our customers’ data with a robust, comprehensive, and transparent privacy and security program.
Learn more about our products’ third-party audits and certifications
Salesforce helps our customers operate globally in compliance with applicable privacy laws. We make it easy for companies to protect and respect the privacy of their customers' data.
Check out more privacy resources
Our trusted cloud makes it possible for global companies to leverage the world’s #1 CRM platform. Salesforce’s cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world.
Learn more about product functionality
Watch the video
We are clear about our practices so that you can understand how your data is collected and used.
We design our products to ensure you remain in control of your data, at all times.
We protect your data at all times, using strong security measures that are regularly verified by internal safeguards and external auditors.
We operate a high standard designed so you can operate around the world, including in regions with strict privacy rules for data handling.
Safeguarding data is a team effort. We listen to your feedback, and we provide information and customizable security and privacy tools to you.
Build trust and transparency around your data with Salesforce.
Platform | Sales Cloud | Service Cloud | Community Cloud | Marketing Cloud | Commerce Cloud | Marketing Cloud Account Engagement
See the latest
See the latest
Get the documentation
See all resources
Contact us if you have questions, comments, or requests related to Salesforce’s Privacy Statement, our data privacy practices, or how Salesforce embraces privacy and data protection laws.
Contact us
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel