Privacy Policy
Published: August 1st, 2023
Updated: August 1st, 2023
Effective: August 1st, 2023
Yaychat platform operator (hereinafter referred to as "we") attaches
        great importance to the privacy and protection of personal data of
        users, and thank you for your trust in us. We will take corresponding
        security protection measures as required by laws and regulations, try
        our best to protect your personal data safe, and provide you with
        reasonable and efficient privacy protection. Therefore, we have
        formulated this "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "the policy
        ") to explain to you how we will collect, use, store, protect and
        provide your data externally, and explain your rights.
This policy applies to Yaychat platform developed and operated YAYCHAT
        CO., LTD., and also to other Internet products developed and operated by
        YAYCHAT CO., LTD., and its affiliates, but the Privacy Policy is set
        independently for other products. The collection, use, storage, and
        protection of user data are different from the provisions of this
        policy, and their provisions also suitable for this policy. Yaychat does
        not allow users under 14 years of age to register or use, personal data
        of users under 14 years of age is subject to both this policy and
        the  "Children's Privacy Protection Statement". This Privacy Policy does
        not apply to services provided to you by other independent third-party
        vendors, nor does it apply to products or services on Yaychat platform
        that have separately set legal notices and privacy policies. When third
        parties on our platform rely on our platform to provide services to you,
        the personal data you provide to third parties does not apply to this
        Privacy Policy.
Before using our products or services, please be sure to read and fully
        understand this Privacy Policy. Particularly, you shall pay attention to
        the terms marked in bold fonts, which may involve your important rights.
        Please use after confirming that you fully understand and agree on
        related products or services. Once you start using the products or
        services provided by us, it is deemed that you have fully understood and
        agreed with what we described in this policy.
Part I Definition
Yaychat platform: refers to the Yaychat official website
        (http://www.yay.chat/) and application.
Yaychat platform services: Yaychat platform operators are based on the
        Internet and provide various services to you in various forms including
        Yaychat platform website, users, etc. (including new service forms that
        emerge in the future development of technology). If the user logs in or
        uses the products or services of the affiliated company of the Yay
        Chat platform operator, and the associated products or services do not
        have an independent user service agreement and privacy policy, then this
        privacy policy also applies to that part of the product or service.
Yaychat platform operator: YAYCHAT CO., LTD., and its affiliated
        parties.
User: （hereinafter referred to as "you" or "user"） refers to the
        individual or organization that registers, logs in, uses, browses, and
        obtains services under this agreement.
Personal data: refers to all kinds of data recorded by electronic or
        other channels that can identify the identity of a specific person or
        reflect the activities of a specific person alone or in combination with
        other data, including the name of the person, date of birth, ID
        information, personal biometric information, address, phone number etc.
Personal sensitive data: Refers to personal data that once leaked,
        illegally provided or misused may endanger the safety of people and
        property, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and
        mental health, or discriminatory treatment, including ID information,
        personal biometric information, bank account, property information,
        whereabouts, communication content, children information under 14 years
        of age (inclusive), health and physiological information and other
        information. (We will bold and underline prominently identify specific
        personal sensitive data in this privacy policy ).
Deletion of personal data: refers to the act of removing personal data
        in the system involved in the realization of daily business functions to
        keep it from being retrieved and accessed.
Unless otherwise agreed, the definition used in The policy has the same
        meaning as the definition in the User Agreement.
Part Two Privacy Policy
The policy will help you understand the following:
Article 1 How do we collect and use your personal data
Article 2 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
Article 3 How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal
        data
Article 4 How do we store your personal data
Article 6 How do we deal with personal data of minors
Article 7 How you can manage your personal data
Article 8 Changes of this statement
Article 9 How to contact us
Article 1 [How do we collect and use your personal data]
When you use our products and / or services, the personal data we need /
        may need to collect and process includes the followings:
1. To implement the basic functions of providing our products and / or
        services to you, you shall authorize us to collect and process the
        necessary data. If you refuse to provide the corresponding data, you
        will not be able to use our products and / or services normally;
2. In order to provide you with additional functions of our products and
        / or services, you can choose to authorize us to collect and process
        data. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the
        relevant additional functions or achieve the functional effects we
        intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of our
        products and / or services.
You understand and agree:
1. We are committed to creating a variety of products and services to
        meet your needs. Since we may provide you with a variety of products and
        services, and the specific products / services that different users
        choose to use vary, correspondingly, the basic / additional functions
        and the type and scope of personal data collected and used will be
        different. Please refer to specific product / service functions;
2. In order to bring you a better product and service experience, we are
        continuously working to improve our technology, and we may introduce new
        or optimized functions from time to time, and may need to collect and
        process new personal data or change the purpose of using the personal
        data or third parties using the personal data. In this regard, we will
        separately explain to you the purpose, scope and use of corresponding
        data collection parties by updating the policy, pop-up windows, page
        prompts, and other channels, and provide you with parties of independent
        choice and consent, and collect and use them with your express
        consent. During this process, if you have any questions, comments or
        suggestions, you can contact us through Yaychat official customer
        service, and we will answer you as soon as possible.
3. The services described in this policy may vary based on your phone
        model/system version/software application version/mobile device
        customer-end or other factors. The final products and services are
        subject to the actual Yaychat application you use and the actual
        services provided to you.
I. Data required for basic functions:
（1） Register and Sign in
During the process of registering an account or using the service, the
        user needs to fill in some or submit some necessary information: your
        mobile phone number, nickname, user name created, gender. This data is
        collected to help you complete the registration of Yaychat account.
        After the registration verification and you read and agree to The policy
        and user agreement, the account registration will be completed. You will
        be able to use short-messages, real-time audio/video calls, sending
        gifts, comments and other functions. If you do not agree to authorize or
        refuse us to obtain the above data, you will not be able to use the
        functions and services as registered users. During the registration
        process, if you provide the following additional information, it will
        help us provide you with a better service and experience: avatar,
        birthday, personalized signature, interests. But if you do not provide
        this information, it will not affect the basic functions of Yaychat.
（2） Real-name authentication and user identity verification
If you wish to use the relevant services or functions based on real-name
        authentication, you may need to complete the real-name identity
        verification. You agree and authorize us to collect your ID information
        (sensitive data) in order to complete the real-name authentication. This
        data is processed only to verify the identity of the internet user; We
        will adopt industry-leading technologies to protect your personal data,
        and implement encryption, limited authorization and/or other
        technologies or methods to prevent it from being used for other purposes
        (unless you otherwise authorize).
If you do not agree with us collecting the above-mentioned information,
        you will not be able to complete the real-name authentication or to use
        the relevant services, but this will not affect the normal use of other
        basic functions.
(3) Browse and Follow
When you browse on Yaychat platform, you cam “follow” other users that
        you find interesting. To implement this function, we will collect your
        device information when you use Yaychat (including the device model,
        operating system version, device settings,IMEI/MEID/Android
        ID/IDFA/IDFV/OAID/MAC ADDRESS/IMSI/ICCID/UDID/GUID. The same definition
        shall apply below)
（4）“Sharing and posts” function
You can post your moments on Yaychat, comment on or share those posted
        by other users. In this process, we will collect your device
        information, network access log information and user log information
        (including account information, operation time, operation records,
        network source address and destination address, source port, the client
        hardware characteristics, nicknames, introduction, note, logo, user
        information, share, comment records, The same definition shall apply
        below)
When you use “interests” tags, video updates, and photo walls
        functions, the content, pictures, voice, and video information that you
        upload will be stored in our server, because storage is necessary to
        achieve this function. You can delete this information at any time.
        Unless you choose or comply with relevant laws and regulations, we will
        not provide the above information externally or use it for other
        purposes than this function. Please note that the information you
        publish may involve personal data or even personal sensitive data of you
        or others. If you choose to upload pictures containing personal data,
        please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share
        relevant data when using our services. If you do not agree with us
        collecting this data, please do not upload or post, but it will not
        affect the use of other basic functions.
II. Data required for additional functions:
(1) Top up and Consumption
When you use the consumption function of Yaychat, we will collect your
        recharge records and consumption record, so that you can query your
        transaction records, and at the same time protect your property and
        virtual property to the greatest extent possible. During this process,
        we may collect your user ID or the third-party payment channel you use,
        The above data is sensitive data, but the collection of the above data
        is necessary for these related functions, otherwise the transaction
        process cannot be completed. We do not intend to,and cannot obtain your
        personal property data based on this data alone, nor can we identify the
        specific individual.
(2) Additional functions based on Camera
You can use services such as photograph, live broadcasting and video
        calls by enabling the use of your device camera, or use auxiliary
        functions such as activating flash in camera. During video call, the
        conversation data will be collected.
(3) Additional functions based on accessing to or uploading from your
        Album (Photos & Videos)
You can upload your photos, pictures, and/or videos by enabling
        accessing to and uploading from your device Album, to upload/update your
        profile avatar, post/share moments, communicate with our customer
        service and/or provide proof, etc.
(4) Additional functions based on Microphone Voice Technologies
You can enable the using of your device microphone to enjoy voice/video
        chat or record audio, during which we will collect your voice
        data. Please be aware that even if you have enabled your device
        microphone, the voice data will not be collected unless you actively
        click the microphone icon.
(5) Apply for "Master" identity
Users need to provide the relevant and necessary personal account
        information and complete the real-name authentication when apply for
        "Master" identity. Without the real-name authentication, you cannot
        apply to become a "Master". Furthermore, when you apply to withdraw (if
        any), you’ll need to submit the photo of both front and back side of
        your ID to verify your identity. Besides, you need to provide
        information related to your bank account such as the bank account
        number, place of deposit, and the bank of deposit to ensure that the
        amount you withdraw can be transferred to your bank account
        successfully. If the above information is not submitted or is submitted
        but not as required, the withdrawal function cannot be achieved
(6) Search
When you use search function, we will collect your search keyword
        information, clipboard, to provide efficient search services
(7) Customer service for complaints
When you contact us, make a complaint or an appeal or consultation, you
        may be required to provide necessary personal information to verify your
        identity as a real user for the purpose of securing your account and
        system. In order to be able to contact you, solve your problem as soon
        as possible or to record the process and the results of the specific
        case, we may need to record our communications,correspondences or
        conversations, as well as related information (including account
        information, other information which you have provided as evidence(s),
        or your contact information). In case of absence of the above-mentioned
        information, we may not be able to reply in time.
（8）Security guarantee
To ensure the secured running of the software and services provided,
        protect network security, prevent cyber crimes, identify anomalies
        related to your account, and for the purpose of anti-fraud, we will
        collect data of your network access logs and user logs, device
        information and device location (including IP address, GPS location, and
        WLAN access point which provides related information, Bluetooth and base
        station/sensor information) software version, mode/type/status/operator
        of access to internet, SSID and BSSID, network quality, software
        installation list, currently running process, overall condition of the
        running applications, overall installation and usage performance,
        application source and other log information (details of usage time and
        frequency, device statistical information, critical operation paths,
        error logs, crash records, language and time zone, Internet Protocol
        (IP) address, Internet Service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
        operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data).
(9) Personalized recommendation, display or push services
In order to conduct feature analysis of your preferences, habits and
        locations, so as to provide you with customized services that will suit
        your better, we will collect the following data:
1. Follow, search, and browse preferences and other data related to your
        operations and usage behavior;
2. The interactive data that you actively provide, such as feedback,
        post, like, comment, and reward will be stored in our server, because
        storage is necessary to achieve this function;
3. Geographical location of your device given that your express consent
        has been given (including IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access
        point which provides related information, Bluetooth and base
        station/sensor information), GPS information belongs to sensitive
        data. Refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use
        relevant service based on GPS location, will prevent you from obtaining
        better platform services, but does not affect the normal use of other
        functions. You can go to "My → Settings → Privacy Settings" to choose to
        stay indetectable to nearby users, clear location information, show/hide
        the distance from other users.
4. Name and information of the active applications.
Unless authorized by you or otherwise required by laws and regulations,
        we will not combine this information with any personally identifiable
        information which you have provided in the application, to ensure that
        you will not be identified. We will combine this information with that
        from other services we provide, to perform feature and preference
        analysis through program calculations, and perform indirect crowd
        portraits based on feature tags to personalize recommendations to you,
        display or push specific live streams, audios, videos, ads and other
        information that may be of interest to you ,or to recommend specific
        functions or services which suit you better:
（1）To show you, recommend or push live broadcast, audio/video that are
        more relevant to you;
（2）To recommend users, audio/video of relevant cities or regions;
（3）Commercial information push and invitations in accordance with the
        scope and methods as agreed in User Agreement.
(10) Additional function based on local storage
By enabling the local storage permission, you can download or cache
        pictures, videos and other contents to your mobile phone storage, and
        upload your local pictures, videos and other data to Yaychat from your
        mobile phone storage.
(11) Additional function based on contacts
You can grant us access to your contacts of your device, so as to find
        friends via contacts.
III. Device permissions which we may apply for
When providing the services to you, we may need to apply for certain
        device permissions of your device to collect the above information and
        enable relevant functions. These permissions are not allowed by default,
        and will only be activated with your express authorization to enable
        specific functions or services. You may also withdraw your consent and
        deny these permissions. In particular, your information will not be
        collected when the relevant functions or services are not needed, even
        if we have previously acquired your consent for these sensitive
        permissions. Besides, please be aware that we may use certain
        third-party SDK for the the implementation of the functions and the
        security of our business operations and our products. You may also use
        H5 pages or mini programs developed by third parties when using our
        products, these third parties may also apply for the relevant operating
        system permissions.
The permissions which may be required are listed below:
（1）For Android System
1. Read contents in SD card (read storage/photos)
Function description: the function of reading the data in device storage
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Allow applications or small programs to read
        pictures and other content in storage, which is mainly used for posting,
        uploading picture such as avatar, and record crash logs locally.
2. Write/Delete contents in SD card (Write/Delete/Storage space/photo
        permissions) Function description: Allow to write external data in Usage
        Scenario and Purpose: Allow the applications to
        write/download/save/cache/delete photos/files/crash logs.
3. Read the status and identity of the device (phone permission, device
        permission) Function description:  Provides access to mobile device
        identification and other information. Please don’t worry that these
        permissions can’t be used to monitor or to acquire any content of your
        phone calls or information. Usage Scenario and Purpose: Read the call
        status and ID of the device, identify the device ID, used for
        audio/video/information display, account login, and security functions.
4. Obtain approximate geographic location
Function description:  Obtain approximate geographic location through
        the network location information (such as base stations and WLAN) Usage
        Scenario and Purpose: Used for security related services and
        location-based services (LBS), such as recommendation of nearby users,
        positioning service when you post on the platform, and location services
        required by mini programs.
5. Obtain accurate geographic location
Function description:  Obtain accurate geographic location through the
        global positioning System (GPS) or network location information (such as
        base stations and WLAN)
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for security related services and
        location-based services (LBS), such as recommendation of nearby users,
        positioning service when you post on the platform, and location services
        required by mini programs.
6. Audio Recording: android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
Function description: Use microphone to record audio data.
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for posting audio/video materials, go
        live, voice chat, and other relevant functions based on this permission.
7. Photograph/Video: android.permission.CAMERA
Function description: Photograph or record video
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for posting audio/video materials, go
        live, photograph, video call, and other relevant functions based on this
        permission.
8. Read Contacts :android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
Function description: Read the Contacts information on the device Usage
        Scenario and Purpose: Used for friends recommendation.
9. Connect to Bluetooth
Function description: Allow the application to activate Bluetooth Usage
        Scenario and Purpose: Connect to nearby devices using pairing process of
        Bluetooth.
10. Find and connect to Bluetooth: BLUETOOTH_ADMIN
Function description: Allow the application to find and connect other
        device via Bluetooth
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Connect to nearby devices using pairing
        process of Bluetooth.
(2) For IOS System
1. NSPhotoLibraryAddUsageDescription
Function description: Add materials to Album Usage Scenario and Purpose:
        Allow the application to write/download/save/modify/delete images,
        files, crash logs.
2. NSPhotoLibraryUsageDescription
Function description: Read the contents in Album Usage Scenario and
        Purpose: Allow the application to read the images and files stored,
        mainly used for services such as post.
3. NSCameraUsageDescription
Function description: Activate camera
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for posting audio/video, go live,
        photograph, video call, and other relevant functions based on this
        permission.
4. NSLocationAlwaysUsegeDescription
Function description: Continuously acquiring geographic location
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for security related services and
        location-based services (LBS), such as Icity information, positioning
        service when you post on the platform, and location services required by
        mini programs.
5.NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription
Function description: Acquire geographic location only when the APP is
        being used.
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for security related services and
        location-based services (LBS), such as Icity information, positioning
        service when you post on the platform, and location services required by
        mini programs.
6. NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription
Function description: Continuously acquiring geographic location only
        when using application.
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for security related services and
        location-based services (LBS), such as Icity information, positioning
        service when you post on the platform, and location services required by
        mini programs.
7. NSContactsUsageDescription
Function description: Read the Contacts information on the device
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for friends recommendation.
8. NSMicrophoneUsageDescription
Function description: Use microphone to record audio data.
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used for posting audio/video materials, go
        live, voice chat, and other relevant functions based on this permission.
9. NSFaceIDUsageDescription
Function description: Use face ID
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Logging in via face ID.
10. NSUserTrackingUsageDescription
Function description: Read device ID to identify the device information.
Usage Scenario and Purpose: Used only to identify the device, secure the
        services, and improve browsing experience
IV Data from third parties
(1) Authorization for third parties
When you register or log in to the product through a third-party
        account, we may collect the public information (including avatar,
        nickname, gender, age) of the third-party account you used to log in,
        and bind the account to your product account. This is to help the
        platform to record your login identity as Yaychat user, so as to provide
        products and/or services to you with higher quality. We will only
        collect and process your information to the extent you have authorized
        and consented. If you do not agree to authorize or refuse  obtaining the
        above information, you will not be able to register or log in to the
        product through the third-party account, but it will not affect your
        normal use of other functions of the product.
After you log in via third-party account, that account will be bound to
        your Yaychat account. You can go to [My-Account settings-Account
        security] to unbind, or contact Yaychat’s in-app customer service:
        [My-Customer Support]-Enter "Operator Service" for consultation.
(2) Information share by other users may contain information related to
        you.
V Sensitive Data
Before providing any sensitive data, please reconsider clearly and
        ensure that the providing of your sensitive data is appropriate, and you
        agree that this sensitive data may be processed for the purposes and in
        the manner described in this Policy. We will collect and process the
        sensitive data that you have consented to provide to enable relevant
        functions, and will also allow you to express your disagreement of
        collecting and processing, however, your refusal to provide such
        information will affect the use of the relevant functions.
VI Exception for obtaining authorized consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting your personal
        data in the following situations is statutorily stated by the law, which
        does not require your additional explicit consent:
(1) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Those directly related to public safety, public health, and major
        public interests;
(3) Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial
        and execution of judgments;
(4) In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other
        important legal rights but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(5) The personal data collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6)  Collect your personal data from legally publicly disclosed
        information, such as channels from legal news reports and government
        information disclosure;
(7) Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your
        requirements;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of Yay
        Chat's products and / or services, such as discovering and handling
        failures of products or services;
(9) Necessary for legal news reports;
(10) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to conduct
        statistics or academic research based on public interest, and to provide
        the results of academic research or descriptions externally, de-identify
        the personal data contained in the results;
(11) Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please be informed that in accordance with applicable laws, if we take
        technical measures and other necessary measures to process personal
        data, the data recipient cannot re-identify the specific individual and
        cannot recover, then the use of such processed data does not need to
        notify you and obtain your agree.
If we stop operating Yaychat platform products or services, we will stop
        collecting your personal data in a timely manner, and notify you in the
        form of one by one delivery or announcement of the stop operation
        notice, and delete or anonymize the personal data related to the closed
        business held by us.
Article 2 [How do we use cookies and similar technologies]
Similar technologies like cookies and device identification are
        ubiquitous on the Internet. When you use Yaychat and related services,
        we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous
        identifiers to your device to collect information that identifying your
        access to and use of the Products. We promise that those cookies will
        not be used for purposes other than that described in this Policy. We
        use cookies and similar technologies mainly for the following functions
        or services:
(1) Guarantee the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set cookies for authentication and security or anonymous
        identifiers so as to confirm whether you are in a safe environment while
        logging in, or whether you have encountered with ID theft, fraud or
        other illegal act. These technologies will also help us improve service
        efficiency and speed up login and response process;
(2) Facilitate and improve your access experience
Using this kind of technology can help you to avoid repeating steps when
        you fill in your personal information or enter the content for search
        (example: search history and auto-fill forms)
(3) Recommend, present, push of contents or users you may be interested
        in
1. We may use such technologies to learn your preferences and usage
        habits and conduct data analysis so as to improve products and services
        and recommend information or functions that you may be interested in;
2. We may use cookies to record browsing activities for recommendations
        of information, detecting anomalies related to crash and delay, as well
        as exploring better service methods;
(4) Cookie clearing
Most browsers allow users to clear the browser cache data. You may find
        this function in the browser Settings. If you clear the data, you may
        not be able to use the relevant services which rely on cookies.
Article 3 [How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your
        personal data]
(1) Sharing
We will keep your personal data confidential and will not share or
        provide to others except in the following situations:
1. Sharing under explicit consent:  After obtaining your explicit
        consent, we may share or provide your personal data to external
        receiver(s).
2. Sharing under legal conditions: We may share or provide your personal
        data to judicial or administrative authorities in accordance with laws
        and regulations, subject to litigation and dispute resolution
        requirements, or as required by these authorities;
3. Sharing with our affiliates: Your personal data may be shared with
        our affiliates and/or their designated service providers in order to
        facilitate and help us to provide products and services to you based on
        your account of Yaychat or of its affiliates, recommend content and
        information that may be of interest to you, identify account anomalies,
        and secure the account and property of the user of Yaychat or of its
        affiliates. We will only share necessary data and will be subject to the
        provisions of this Policy. If the data we share is sensitive data, or
        the affiliate who receives the data changes the purpose of processing,
        we will seek your authorization separately.
4. Sharing with authorized Partners: In order to provide you with better
        products and services of high-quality, we may delegate and authorized
        our business partners, or introduce third-party service providers to
        enable certain technical functions (such as embedded codes, plug-ins,
        SDK and other forms) to provide services to you or perform duties on our
        behalf. We will only share your data with them for lawful, legitimate,
        necessary, specific and explicit purposes as stated in this Policy. The
        above-mentioned third-party service providers will only have access to
        your data limited to the extent that is necessary for them to perform
        their duties, and guarantee that they will adopt industry-leading
        technologies to protect the data.
For present, the category of our authorized partners including the
        following:
(1) Basic service providers: including partners providing payment,
        one-click login, message push, geographic location and anti-fraud
        services. Data sharing with these service providers is mostly carried
        out through SDK.
(2) Partners providing data services (including data statistics and data
        analysis) : In order to maintain/improve our products/services and
        provide you with contents of higher quality, we may share your relevant
        data with designated partners providing such services (including: Device
        information, terminal model, location), and we will not share the data
        of your personal identity without your consent.
(3) Content security monitoring service providers: We may cooperate with
        specific content security monitoring service providers for illegal audio
        and video annotation and analysis, and may share live streaming
        information with these service providers.
(4) Partners that provide broadcasting or live streaming services: When
        we cooperate with third-party platforms that provide broadcasting or
        live streaming services, we may share user data publicly available in
        chat rooms such as user nicknames, ranking lists and gifts-sending
        record.
(5) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal privacy data to any company,
        organization or individual, except for the following:
1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit
        consent, we may transfer your personal data;
2. When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcy and liquidation,
        if the transfer of personal privacy data is involved, we will require
        the transferee to continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will
        require the transferee to request authorization from you.
(3) Public disclosure
We only publicly disclose your personal privacy data in the following
        situations:
1. Obtain your explicit authorization and consent;
2. Disclosure based on the provisions of laws and regulations;
3. If we have verified that you have violated any laws or regulations or
        have seriously violated the relevant agreements and policies of Yaychat
        Platform, or for purpose of protecting the the physical and property
        security of Yaychat platform users or the public, we may disclose your
        personal data in accordance with the laws and regulations or otherwise
        seek your consent.
Article 4 [How do we store your personal data]
(1）Place of storage
With regard to our products, as well as the services we provide, in
        order to provide services to our users all over the world, we operate
        globally. You hereby authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data
        in any country and region we operate. In doing so we shall protect the
        security of your data,the measures taken to protect your data will not
        lower than the standards of your country.
(2) Duration of storage
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for the
        purpose stated in this policy, unless otherwise required by law. We
        shall determine the duration of storage mainly referring to the
        following criteria, whichever is longer:
1. To comply with applicable laws and regulations;
2. To comply with the provisions of court judgments, rulings or other
        legal procedures;
3. To comply with the requirements of government agencies or legally
        authorized organizations;
4. It is reasonably necessary for the practicing and implementation of
        the agreements of our platform or this Policy, or for the protection of
        public interests, the protection of physical safety or other legitimate
        rights and interests of Yaychat, its affiliates, other users or
        employees.
When the duration of the storage exceeds the limit described above, your
        data will be deleted or annonymized.
Article 5 [How do we protect your personal data]
1. We attach great importance to the security of your personal data, and
        strive to take all reasonable security measures (including technology
        and management aspects) to protect your personal privacy data security,
        to prevent the personal privacy data you provide from being improperly
        used or unauthorized Be accessed, publicly disclosed, used, modified,
        damaged, lost or leaked.
2. We will use reasonable and feasible means such as encryption
        technology and anonymisation processing that are no less than those of
        the industry counterparts to protect your personal data, and use
        security protection mechanisms to prevent your personal data from being
        maliciously attacked.
3. We will establish a special security department, security management
        system, and data security process to protect your personal data. We
        adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized
        personnel can access your personal data, sign confidentiality agreements
        with them, monitor their operations, and conduct security audits on data
        and technology to ensure the safety of your personal data.
4. We have formulated a strict emergency response plan to ensure that
        losses can be reduced to a minimum in emergencies. Once a user data
        security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) occurs, we will promptly inform
        you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the
        basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the
        disposal measures we have taken or will take, you are free
        Recommendations for preventing and reducing risks, remedies for you,
        etc. We will promptly inform you about the event in the form of push
        notifications, emails, letters, newsletters, etc. When it is difficult
        to inform one by one, we will take reasonable and effective channels to
        issue announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling
        of user data security incidents in accordance with the requirements of
        relevant regulatory authorities.
5. We have set up a dedicated department for personal data protection to
        implement internal control and management.
6. While protecting the security of your personal privacy data, we also
        recommend that you raise your awareness of the prevention of personal
        privacy data. Do not disclose your personal privacy data to others via
        the Internet, and do not open links sent by others at will.
Article 6 [How do we deal with personal data of minors]
Yaychat’s products and services are designed for adults. If you are a
        minor, we recommend that you do not use our products and/or service. If
        you insist to use, you should read this police together with your
        statutory guardian,and ensure that you have obtained the consent from
        them before using and providing your personal data to us.
If your guardian disagree with your use of our services or provision of
        any personal data to us in accordance with this Policy, please do not
        use and promptly inform us.
For the data that we have already collected with consent of the data
        subject’s parents or statutory guardian, we will not process or disclose
        unless otherwise permitted by law, consented by the data subject’s
        parents or statutory guardian, or in case where it is necessary for the
        protection of the minor.
If you are the guardian of the user who is a minor, and have questions
        in regard of the data of the minor under your care, please contact us
        through the contact information described in section 9 of this Policy
        “How to Contact Us”.We will keep the data of the minor confidential and
        safe, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, as well as
        the provisions of this Policy. If we find in the prior verifiable
        guardian agree to the personal data collected under the condition of the
        minors, will try to delete the related data as soon as possible.
Please note that we do not allow minor under 14 years of age to register
        or use. If we identify that a user is a minor under the age of 14, or
        any information shared by other users contains personal data of minor,
        then the personal data of the minor shall be subject to both this Policy
        and the Children's Privacy Protection Statement.
If you are the guardian of the minor, you should read this Policy,
        specific privacy protection guidelines (if any) and children's privacy
        Protection statement carefully . If you have any questions with regard
        to the personal data protection of children under your custody, or any
        right of data subject to claim, please contact us through the contact
        information disclosed in the Children's Privacy Protection Statement, we
        will manage and reply to you within a reasonable time.
Article 7 [How you can manage your personal data]
We attach great importance to your management of your personal data, and
        will with might and main to protect your rights to query, access to,
        modify, delete, revoke consent/authorization, cancel your account,
        complain and report, and change your privacy settings, so that you can
        protect your privacy and secure your personal data.
(1) Change or withdraw the scope of authorization
1. Change or revoke sensitive permission Settings
You can disable precise location information, address book, camera,
        microphone, photo album permission, and calendar permission in the
        operating system of the device, change the permission scope, or revoke
        your authorization. We will no longer collect information related to
        these permissions after revoking the authorization.
2. Change or withdraw consent authority
You may change or withdraw consent authorization by contacting us
        through the contact information set forth in section 9 of this Policy,
        "How to Contact Us".
3. Change or withdraw authorized information processing
Specific business functions and services will require your information
        to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we
        cannot continue to provide you with the functions and services
        corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will
        no longer process your personal data. However, your decision to withdraw
        your consent or authorization will not affect our prior processing of
        personal data based on your authorization.
(2) Access, delete, correct/modify your personal data
1. Query, access, correct, modify, and delete personal account
        information
You can query, access your profile picture, nickname, gender, birthday,
        occupation, voice, signature, personal tag, friends preferences, you can
        query, access, correct/modify profile.
2. Query, access, correct, modify, and delete other personal data
A. Enter [dynamics] to access and delete your published dynamics
B. Access [Follow] You can access and query the information of the
        account you follow. In the follow list, click the "Followed" button (if
        any) next to the corresponding account or enter the home page of the
        corresponding follow account and click the upper right corner to
        unfollow the account
C. Access Account and Security to access, correct, modify, and bind
        mobile phone numbers, third-party accounts, and secure mobile phone
        numbers
D. For security and identification reasons, you may not be able to
        modify some of the information you submit; If it is necessary for you to
        modify such information, please contact us through the contact
        information in section 9 "How to Contact Us" of this policy. We will
        review the problems involved as soon as possible, and give a timely
        reply after the verification of your user identity by special personnel.
3. Control the visibility of information
A. Enter [blacklist] to control whether others can communicate with you
        and check the content of your account
B. Enter "Mobile phone Address book Stealth" to control whether others
        find you through the mobile phone address book
C. Enter "Show Distance" to control whether others can see the distance
        between you.
After we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable
        laws and security technologies, we may not be able to immediately remove
        the relevant information from the backup system. We will securely store
        your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until the
        backup can be erased or anonymous.
(3) Cancel your account
You can apply to cancel your account in the following ways:
Self-service application for cancellation: [Account and Security] -
        [Account cancellation] to apply.
You can apply for Yaychat account cancellation only after meeting Yay
        Chat account cancellation conditions. Yaychat platform personnel can
        cancel Yaychat account after passing Yaychat account cancellation
        requirements. You acknowledge and understand that the cancellation of
        your account is irreversible and that we will delete your information or
        anonymize you after you cancel your account, except as otherwise
        provided by laws and regulations.
After you cancel your account, all the content you have published will
        be anonymous. If you need to delete the content, please handle it by
        yourself before applying for cancellation.
The cancellation of an account does not in any way constitute a waiver
        or mitigation of any of the actions or responsibilities of the account
        prior to the cancellation.
(4) Restrict the automatic decision-making of the information system
In some business functions, we may make a decision based on a
        non-artificial automatic decision-making mechanism known as GOat-making,
        which includes information systems and other parts of the country. If
        these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and
        interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will
        make a reasonable explanation on the premise of not infringing Yay
        Chat's trade secrets or other users' rights and interests, social public
        interests and national interests.
(5) Complaints and reports
You can make a complaint or report according to our publicised system.
        If you believe that your rights may have been violated, or if you find
        evidence that your rights may have been violated, you may contact us
        through the contact information provided in section 9 "How to Contact
        Us" of this Policy.
(6) Respond to your above request
When you make the above request, we may ask you to verify your identity
        to protect the security of your account. If you refuse to provide
        relevant supporting materials, we will not be able to respond to your
        request.
Please understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory
        requirements, we may not be able to meet all of your requirements, and
        we will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time.
Under the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to
        your request in accordance with laws and regulations:
1. Related to national security, national defense security and national
        interests;
2. those related to public security, public health or major public
        interest;
3. those related to criminal investigation, prosecution, case filing,
        trial and execution of judgment;
4. There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice
        or abuse of rights;
5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the
        legitimate rights and interests of other individuals or organizations;
6. Those involving commercial secrets;
7. Other circumstances provided by law.
Article 8 [Changes of this statement]
We may amend the terms of this statement in due course and such
        amendments form part of this statement.
Without your explicit consent, we will not limit your rights under this
        statement. We will use reasonable, appropriate, and obvious channels to
        remind you of relevant content updates after the application or official
        website has been updated or after the official announcement, so that you
        can understand any changes made in this statement.You can also go to
        [Contact Us]-[Privacy Policy] to view full contents of this Policy.
For major changes, we may also provide a more prominent notice to
        explain the specific changes in this statement, depending on the
        specific situation. ( including but not limited to email, SMS, in-app
        message, announcement, home page or special reminder on the browsing
        page)
The major changes referred to in this statement are as follows:
1.Significant changes in our service model;
2. Major changes in the ownership structure and organizational structure
        of the Yaychat platform;
3. The main objects of information sharing, transfer or public
        disclosure have changed;
4. Your rights to participate in the processing of personal data and its
        exercise channels have undergone major changes;
5. Our responsible department dealing with personal data security,
        contact information and complaint channels have changed;
6. The personal data security impact assessment report indicates that
        there are high risks.
If you disagree with the amended/changed version of this policy, you
        shall have the right to, and should, cease using Yaychat and its
        services. Under the circumstance where you continue to use Yaychat or
        its services, it will be deemed that you have agreed and accepted
        all/any of the amendments/changes.
Article 9 【How to contact us】
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy,
        you can contact us through the following channels;
Email: support@yay.chat
Contact customer service in Yaychat station: [My]-[Customer
        Support]-Enter "Operator Service" for consultation.
Customer Service: +85295707532
We will reply to you within 7 working days.
The validity, interpretation, modification, enforcement and dispute
        resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Hongkong,
        China. Disputes arising from this agreement shall be handled in
        accordance with the laws of Hongkong, China. If you are not satisfied
        with our response, especially if our personal data processing behavior
        damages your legal rights and interests, you shall negotiate and seek
        for compromise settlement with the operator of Yaychat Platform. In case
        of failure to reach a settlement agreed by both parties, either party
        shall have the right to apply to the Wuhan International Arbitration
        Center for arbitration according to the Wuhan International Arbitration
        Center's arbitration rules. The place of arbitration shall be Wuhan, the
        language of arbitration shall be Chinese.