Spark Privacy Policy
This Spark
                Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how your personal information is processed
                when you use Spark, a platform that makes artificial intelligence accessible to
                everyone in a natural, simple and intuitive way. Spark respects and protects users'
                personal privacy. This privacy policy sets out the basis on which any information we
                collect from you, or that you provide to us, is processed. Please read carefully and
                fully understand this policy before using or continuing to use our products and
                services. If you do not agree to any terms in this policy, please do not use our
                services.
Information we
                collect, how we use it and the legal basis for processing
Account information
We collect your
                email address and phone number to create an account and verify your identity. We also
                create a user ID for your Spark account.
Device Information
We collect your
                device type and operating system details for analysis and to resolve product issues.
                This enables us to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
Subscription billing data
When you
                subscribe to Spark, we use third-party service providers to collect and process
                your billing information. Information collected by our billing provider may include your
                name, billing address, your credit or debit card details, phone number and email
                address. This processing is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations
                to you.
Advertise
When you
                interact with Spark ads, we collect information about you to measure the
                effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. This information includes your IP address,
                advertising ID, and ad interaction information. It is in our legitimate business
                interests to advertise on our platform. If necessary, we will obtain your consent before
                engaging in this process.
User research
We may ask you
                to help us test new features or participate in surveys to help enhance your Spark
                experience. Your participation is voluntary and the data we collect is anonymous. With
                your consent, we may use your personal information to communicate with you.
Use of Cookies and Similar
                Technologies
When you use our
                Services, certain information may be stored locally on your mobile device using
                "cookies" or similar technologies (such as Google Analytics and web beacons).
Cookies. A
                cookie is a small text file or data file that stores limited information about the user
                of the device and is stored on your device. "Cookies" are identifiers that we transfer
                to your mobile device that allow us to recognize your device and tell us how and when
                the Services or Website are used or visited, how many people, and track activity within
                our Applications. Cookies are also linked to information about the items you clicked on
                or the pages you viewed. Cookies are also used to deliver content specific to your
                interests and to monitor site usage. It helps us determine how users use our service so
                that we can continually develop and improve it. We use the information collected from
                cookies to improve the user experience and the overall quality of our services. If you
                are uncomfortable with cookies, you can refuse cookies at any time by modifying your
                browser settings. Most browsers are set up to automatically accept cookies. You can set
                your browser to automatically refuse all cookies or to prompt you to respond each time a
                cookie is offered.
Google
                Analytics. Google Analytics is a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). We use
                Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistical data to improve the website. You can
                learn more about how Google uses data when you use our site, and how you can control the
                information that is sent to Google, by visiting
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Interaction with the Spark
                robot
Our third-party
                bot developers may receive details about your interactions with Spark (including the
                content of your chats) in order to provide and generally improve their services, which
                they may process for their legitimate business interests. Your Spark user account
                information (such as username and email) will not be shared with any developers.
                Third-party developers who use the API to create bots on Spark may view and store
                your chat history on their servers in order to train their models.
Please remember
                that any information you provide to the Spark bot will be shared with the developers
                powering the bot and our other vendors and service providers. Upon our instructions, our
                suppliers will access, process or store personal information only in the course of
                performing their duties to us.
We will not ask
                you to share sensitive personal information (such as credit card information, Social
                Security information, etc.) with a bot. Our services are not designed to process or use
                your sensitive personal information. We try our best to protect your personal
                information, but your voluntary disclosure of personal information to third parties on
                our platform may be beyond our control and expose you to various risks.
Your rights
Depending on
                where you live and local laws, you may have certain rights regarding your personal
                information. These may include the following rights:
- Access your
                personal information.
- Correct the
                personal information we hold about you.
- Delete your
                personal information.
- Limit our use
                of your personal information.
- Object to our
                use of your personal information.
- Opt out of
                targeted advertising.
- Data
                portability.
- Withdraw the
                consent you have given at any time.
- File a
                complaint with your local data protection authority.
If you would
                like to exercise your rights, please contact us at
bytejourneynet@gmail.com
or fill out this form.
Contact us
Please contact
                our Data Protection Officer at
bytejourneynet@gmail.com
. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy
                or if you would like to review, correct or delete any information we have collected or
                exercise your rights under applicable law.
Last updated:
                May 29, 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語