Superbru Privacy Policy
Superbru Account Holder Privacy Policy
Version 2.0; Last updated 2023/09/04
Thanks for using Superbru! We have always been and will always be committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, effective from May 25, 2018, and updated from time to time, sets out how your data is handled.
Click each section to learn more.
Our Privacy Policy was updated on 4 September 2023 with the following changes:
Addition of 'Partnering with third parties including for co-branded offers' in the section titled 'What we do with your personal information'
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
Superbru is an online sports predictor and fantasy game. It is operated by SportEngage Limited, a company registered in the United Kingdom under company number 07130756. SportEngage's address is 64 Kimber Road, London SW18 4PP, United Kingdom. SportEngage acts as a data controller with respect to the personal data discussed in this policy. Being a data controller simply means we determine the purposes and means of processing your personal data.
If you sign up with Superbru or engage with us in some other way like buying merchandise, you may play our games and you might make use of other supporting features around the games such as creating your own pool inside a game, sending a direct message to another user or contacting our helpdesk. In this document, these and other similar usages of Superbru are referred to as our Services, and references to “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Superbru as operated by SportEngage Limited.
If you have any questions or concerns about your data, please contact our Data Protection Officer on privacy@superbru.com. This email inbox is proactively monitored, so you can confidently expect your query to be addressed. We aim to respond to enquiries within 30 working days but will usually be in touch much sooner.
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
We strongly believe in both minimising the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services you interact with, or (3) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes. These uses include:
Delivering and updating the Services we provide to you
We collect various information relating your interactions with our Services. We utilise this information to:
Enable you to use our Services
Operate our website and mobile app
Ensure the security of our Services
Improve and optimise the operation and performance of our Services (including our websites and mobile applications)
Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems
Collecting aggregate statistics about use of the Services
Understand and analyze how you use our Services and what products and services are most relevant to you
Often, much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services, and is not linked to any personal data, but to the extent it is itself personal data, or is linked or linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly.
Partnering with third parties including for co-branded offers
We work with some third-party partners to support our fantasy and predictor games, and to offer co-branded offers. Often, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies.
In the case of rugby, if you join a Superbru game for a rugby tournament kicking off after 1 September 2023, we provide information about your registration, gameplay, demographics and engagement with United Rugby Championship, to allow them to learn more about rugby fans and to support their marketing where they already have your data.  More information on URC's use of your data can be found in their privacy notice here:
https://www.unitedrugby.com/privacy-policy
.
Transferring personal data abroad
The hosting, analytics, email sending and other technical provisions for our website and mobile app are situated in the United States. If you utilise our Services from a country other than the United States, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of the United States. Transfers to the United States will be protected by appropriate safeguards.
The U.S.-based Data Processors who process and store the bulk of our data participate in the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and we make participation in the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and similar programmes in other territories a top priority when selecting data processing vendors.
Your data may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, delivering our Services to you or the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Complying with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
Using website and app analytics
We use multiple analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (e.g. Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service provider in accordance with their individual privacy policies. You can control the technologies we use by managing your settings through our Cookie Policy or the “cookie banners” that may be presented (depending on URL of website visited) when you first visit our web pages, or by utilising settings in your browser or third-party tools. Please bear in mind that refusing or deleting some cookies may make it impossible for us to provide our Services to you.
Serving targeted advertisements
Targeted ads or interest-based offers may be presented to you based on your activities on our webpages, and other websites. These offers will display as varying product banners presented to you while browsing. We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on our webpages and other websites.  Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information such activities in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and to measure advertising effectiveness.
If you do not wish to see advertising on Superbru, please consider upgrading to a Premium account at
https://www.superbru.com/premium
.
Alternatively you may be able to opt out of interest-based advertising by visiting
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com
, or if located in the European Union by visiting
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Third-party websites
Our website and our mobile applications contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites.  Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. Access to this information will be subject to an administrative fee of GBP 10 if your request is manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Erasure will be subject to an administrative fee of GBP 10 if your request is manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Superbru refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain.
All of the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved in the processing of your personal data. In order to verify your identity should you request your data or information about your data, we may ask for a copy of your passport, driving licence, national identity card or birth certificate.
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or those of our trusted partner services. We implement appropriate, generally accepted technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage, including encryption where appropriate. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee 100% security of your data transmitted to our servers; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security to prevent unauthorised access to our servers.
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods:
mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;
for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or
needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website and in our mobile app. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or public notice on our website or mobile app.
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com
We hope this notice has helped you to understand how and why we collect and process your personal data to enable you to use Superbru.
If you have a query or wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Superbru (or third parties as described above) please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@superbru.com
. This email address is actively monitored and we aim to respond to all requests within 30 working days, but usually much sooner.
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA) or otherwise believe we maintain your personal data subject to the the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to our lead supervisory authority in the United Kingdom, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO):
Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
SK9 5AF
United Kingdom
+44 303 123 1113
More information can be found at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Any questions? Please contact
privacy@superbru.com