Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision: June 16, 2023
WallFancy
（
"WallFancy" or "we" or "us"
）
, owned by ZSYJ Co.,Ltd., recognizes the importance of privacy, security and data protection of our users. In order to improve our APP service and better user
experience, sometimes we need to collect and process information and data. This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") informs you of our methods of how we use and protect your personal information.
Please read carefully about the Privacy Policy. In case of doubt or discrepancy in the two versions, the latest version should prevail.
What Data We Collect
User Provided Information
WallFancy obtain certain information when you provide it to us.
(a)
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide your username, password, links to your social networksand your biography.
(b)
When you purchase virtual currency or products through our Services, we use a third-party payment processor that collects your payment information and completes the transaction.
(c)
The information you provide us when you contact us for help;
(d)
When you use our application, such as visit, download, set or generatecontents, we obtain from your current and past activities on the services.
Automatically Collected Information
After receiving your permission, the Application may collect the following information automatically: the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, your IP address,
your mobile operating system, your advertising ID, MAC, network status, non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region), current APP version and information about how you use the Application.
Access to third parties services account
This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
(a)
Facebook Connect.
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc. We collect only information needed from your Facebook account, such as email and public profile.
(b)
Google+
. This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Google+ social network, provided by Google. We collect only information needed from your Google account, such as email and public profile.
(c)
Twitter.
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Twitter social network, provided by Twitter. We collect only information needed from your Twitter account, such as email and public profile.
(d) Cookies.
Cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's device by the user's web browser while the user is browsing. With cookie, we are able to provide you better personal experience. Furthermore, we use cookies for our analytics purposes and targeted advertising purposes.
You can clear all cookies saved on your mobile device.
What we do with the collected data
We require this information to gather your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
(a)
To provide and maintain the App experience;
(b)
To personalize and improve our products, contents and services;
(c)
To analyze usage of the Application;
(d)
To send messages such as notices, updates and administrative messages;
(e)
Toprovide users that have given us permission to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the Application.
How we share data
As reasonably necessary to provide services to you, we may share non-personally identifying information or personally identifying information with its partners or affiliates, and also with third party vendors.
(a)
To comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
(b)
Then we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
(c)
Ad network partners:
in order to serve advertisements.
We use De-identification and
Data
anonymization to preserve your privacy. (
De-identification is the process used to prevent someone's
personal identity
from being revealed.
Data anonymization has been defined as a "process by which personal data is altered in such a way that a data subject can no longer be identified directly or indirectly.)
Google Admob:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners
Pangle Global:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Applovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
(d)
To share with analytics companies to help us understand the usage of our Application.
We use De-identification and
Data
anonymization to preserve your privacy. (
De-identification is the process used to prevent someone's
personal identity
from being revealed.Data anonymization has been defined as a "process by which personal data is altered in such a way that a data subject can no longer be identified directly or indirectly.)
Google Firebase:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners
(
e
)
To share with our trusted services provider: such ashosting providers, CDN solution providers, database solutions, technical infrastructure services, customer support service, crash analytics. The use of shared information is not covered by this privacy policy. To know how your information is used by one of our partners please consult their privacy policies by following the links next to each partner.
How we Transfer information
a)
A
s explained in the section above, we share certain information with third parties which might store your information in countries that are outside your country.We choose our third parties carefully and only work with those that are fully compliant with our privacy policy and all laws and regulation in place concerning the processing of personal information.
b)
Transfer with explicit consent: When we undergoes a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if it involves the transfer of personal information, we will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to comply with the policy, otherwise we will require them to re-seek authorization and consent from you.
How We Keep Your Data Secure
WallFancy apply adequate and appropriate physical, technical, and procedural safeguards to protect your information.
When we transmit highly-confidential information, we use Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol to protect it.
When we transfer website data, we protect your data secure from Internet traffic hijacking through the use of https encryption.
Furthermore, we prevent data missing and destroyed by backing up data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
The right to withdraw consent
There are multiple options for users of this Applicationto withdraw consent:
(a)
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application;
(b)
Contact us and request for account delete. Please note that we may be obligated to keep some or all of your information on our servers even after you've deleted your account;
(c)
Withdraw your consent at any time at the Application settings;
Children
WallFancy
do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law. ANY PERSON WHO VISITS ANY OF THE WEBSITES OR USES ANY OF THE MOBILE APPS REPRESENTS TO US THAT HE OR SHE IS 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND HAS READ AND WILL ADHERE TO OUR ONLINE SAFETY AND BEST PRACTICES GUIDELINES. If we are made aware that we have received personally identifiable information from someone under 13, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
The Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continueduse is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy below.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email:
ZSYJ_Tech@outlook.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.