Privacy Policy
SOS-LocateMobile care about your privacy and will take all the necessary steps to protect it. Please read the following to understand what information we collect through our mobile app and website and you readily accept the policies outlined below.
​
1. Information we collect
​
During the service we collect your mobile phone
’
s location details via GPS, Wi-Fi or network operator
‘
s tower signal, unique user identifier, mobile device identifies, IP address, mobile operating system data, mobile network identification data, mobile phones SMS logs in case of premium service. We may also collect your IP address, browser cookies, referring pages urls, mobile carrier type, device type and model, mobile device operating system and based on your mobile phones settings, your geo-location data, including GPS coordinates and Wi-Fi details.
2. How we use your collected Information
​
We use your to provide a safe, efficient and personalized experience.
3. Sharing of your Information
​
We may disclose your personal information:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
4. How we protect your Information
When we collect personal information directly from you, we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions regarding security on our Web site, you can contact us
We are not responsible for invasion by third parties of any privacy settings on your device. You can reduce these risks by using safe practices of common sense, such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, not accessing our website or app from public or shared computers.
5. Changes in our privacy policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to
Contact us
：
18152517743@163.com