Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
If someone decides to use our service, this page is used to inform visitors of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
If you choose to use our services, you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. We will not use or share your information with anyone other than those mentioned in this privacy policy.
The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions, and can be accessed on Perfect Browser unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
In order for users to have a better experience, we may ask you to provide us with some necessary information during the use of our services, and we will retain and use the information we request in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
How we share information
We may engage third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
Promote our services;
Provide services on our behalf;
Perform services related to the service;
Help us analyze how to make our service better.
Update
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you check this page periodically for any changes. If there are any changes, we will post a new privacy Policy on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact our support team via the email below.
SwiftBB1234@gmail.com
Terms of use
Use of the application
1. You agree that we will use your information for the purposes required by laws and regulations.
2. You acknowledge that you may not use our App for illegal purposes.
3. You agree that we may discontinue providing our products and services at any time without prior notice.
4. By agreeing to download or install our software, you accept our Privacy Policy.
Update
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion and indicate the date of the last change. If you need to know about updates to our Privacy policy, you can often click here. We reserve the right to send you an email notifying you of substantial changes, and previous versions will be available from this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact our support team via the email below.
SwiftBB1234@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it