virtualprivacypolicy
Ventura Coding
August 22, 2019
August 23, 2019
11 Minutes
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our app, the developer of the application (“we,” or “us”). This is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors, users and others who access our application (“you,” or “Users”). This Privacy Policy applies to the mobile app mobile devices (collectively, the “App” or our “App”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the practices of companies we own, control, or are united with under common control. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 12 years
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACTING US
LAST REVISION DATE
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Generally, we collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include:
Information you provide: We may collect and store the personal information you enter on our Service or provide to us in some other manner, including your name, email address, mobile phone number, and username. In order to create something, the App accesses your photographs, videos and music library stored on your mobile device, on third party websites where they are stored, or other places they may be stored. We may also collect any communications between use and this app, as well as any information you provide if you take part in any interactive features of the App (e.g., games, contests, promotions, surveys, etc.).
User Content: We collect your personal information contained in any User Content you create, share, store or submit to the App, which may include photo, video or other image files, music works, sound recording, narration, written forum comments, information, data, text, scripts, graphics and interactive features generated, provided or otherwise made accessible by this app.
Information we receive from social networking sites: When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you login and share through Facebook and others, we may receive information from the social network including your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.
Information about others: With your permission, This app may access your contact list available on your mobile device in order to share your creations, or to invite your friends and contacts to connect with our Service. We may also collect information about others if you use our Service to upload, share and/or distribute User Content that contains information about others, including their name, image, and online contact information.
Metadata: This app collects metadata associated with User Content. Metadata typically consists of how, when, where and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content has been formatted. Users can add or may have added metadata added to their User Content including keywords posted with a photo or video, including names, geographical information, comments or other data. This makes your data more searchable and more interactive. However, the metadata may be accessible to others if you share the User Content with others or on third party social media sites.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the App, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you to email messages and push notifications and permit you to share your creations on the App with your contacts or social media sites. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the App, technical and security notices). For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
Use of cookies and other technology to collect information.
We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service. When you visit the App, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the App (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the App, and other actions you take on the App), and allow us to track your usage of the App over time. We may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the App. Logfile information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the App, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the App. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the App. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third-party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the App. We may receive reports from third-party analytics providers, which we may combine with the personal data we collect from you directly.
When you access our App by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device (“Device ID”), mobile carrier, device type, and manufacturer, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
We use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs information to (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.
2. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below.
We may also share your personal information with:
Other companies owned by or under common ownership as this app, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy;
Third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, content or service fulfillment, or providing analytics services;
Our business partners who offer a service to you jointly with us, for example, when running a co-sponsored contest or promotion;
Third parties who we think may offer you products or services you may enjoy;
Third parties at your request. For example, you may have the option to share your videos and quotes with your friends through email, SMS text, or various social media sites;
The public at your request. If you interact with our site or app on social media, for example by tagging your videos #VidStatus on Instagram, that piece of User Content will be linked to this app on our website or social media profiles and VidStatus may display your User Content publicly;
Other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of this app, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Facebook
personal information data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities. Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
3. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Marketing Communications. If you do not wish to receive promotional emails, you can click the “unsubscribe” button on promotional email communications. Note that you are not permitted to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, password or local area number requests, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the App, or technical and security notices.
Online Advertising and Tracking. We permit third parties, such as ad networks and analytics providers, to collect information about your use of our website over time, in order that they may display ads that may be relevant to your interests or provide us with enhanced demographic and analytic information about our users. Typically, the information we share with third-party providers is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt-out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools.
Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Following termination or deactivation of your account, This may retain information (including User Content) for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. Please contact us at ventura.coding@gmail.com if you wish to deactivate your account. Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with others or with social media sites, nor can we remove cached content from search engines.
4. SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
This app cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Your information collected through the App may be stored and processed in India or any other country in which app or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from Indian law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the Indian or any other country in which Company or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
5. PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 12
This app does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 12years or knowingly allow such persons to register for the App. The App and its content are not directed at children under the age of 12 years and use by any person who is 12 years and above but below the relevant age of consent must be done with the consent and supervision of their parent/legal guardian. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 12 years or without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information collected from a child under 12 years, please contact us at ventura.coding@gmail.com
6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Apps may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
7. UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Revision” date below and will post the updated Policy on this page.
8. CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at ventura.coding@gmail.com.
9. LAST REVISION DATE
This policy was last revised on, and effective as of, 22nd August 2019
Like
Loading...
Related
Clip – Video Status & DP Quote
March 12, 2018
In "Ventura Coding"
Vid – Status Video & Life Quotes
August 22, 2019
In "Ventura Coding"
Boeing 737 NGX Checklist
December 26, 2019
In "Ventura Coding"
Published
August 22, 2019
August 23, 2019