Privacy Policy
1.Introduction
Myskillcash
                (“company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) are committed to protecting your privacy and
                take the protection of your personal data very seriously. This Privacy Policy
                explains how we, and and some of the companies we work with, collect, use,
                share and protect data in relation to our Myskillcash software, services, and
                websites (collectively, the "Services").
By using
                any service or visiting our website, you agree to the information we mentioned
                in this Privacy policy. This policy does not apply to information we receive
                from third parties. If you do not agree with any terms of this policy, you
                should not use our Services. Where permitted by law, your use of the Services
                indicates that you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
2. Personal Data We Collect
The type of information we collect depends on how you use the service and interact with
                us.
If we do
                not need to use for the requested activity (for example, to provide a service
                that you are requesting or buying, to verify your identity, or to participate
                in an activity), you can control the personal information we collect from you.
                We will let you know when we need information.
2.1 Personal Data That You Share with Us
You provide us with information when you use the Services, such as when you:
Create an account, or register for or use the Services;
Subscribe
                to newsletters and communications;
Comment
                on our message boards, forums, chat rooms, feeds, sites, or other Services;
Purchase
                or redeem one of our products or services, including physical items, virtual
                items, virtual currency, or add-ons;
Download, install, or access demos, programs, or other software;
Contact us for support or other purposes;
Use our email / share features;
Participate in events, contests, promotions, or surveys; or
Participate in an activity where you can provide, or need to provide, your information.
2.2 Personal Data That We Get from Others
We may
                obtain information about you from third-party programs, such as an app store, a
                third-party login service, and social media sites where you play our games. We
                use this information, as well as the information you submit directly to us, in
                a variety of ways as specified in this Privacy Policy, such as to link you with
                your friends or to serve you advertising that is more targeted to your
                interests. Myskillcash may get certain information about you from the provider
                of the third-party application if you play Myskillcash's games or use any of our
                Services on connected third-party applications or connect our Service to any
                third-party applications, including social networks like Facebook. The
                information we collect is determined by the Myskillcash game you're playing, the
                third-party program you're using, your privacy settings, and, if appropriate,
                the privacy settings of your friends on that third-party application.
Myskillcash, for example, may collect and keep any or all of the data shared by the third-party
                application:
your
                first and last name;
your profile photo or its URL;
your user ID, which may be linked to other information like your name and profile photo, and your friends’ identifiers;
the user ID and other information of your friends, including their names and profile photos;
the login e-mail you bind to the third-party application;
your geographical location and that of the devices you use to access our Service;
your gender;
your birthday and/or age range;
information about your activities on or through the third-party application;
other information you have shared on the third-party application;
any other information that you or the provider of the third-party application share with us.
If you access our Service from a third-party application or connect our Service to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Depending on the service or activity, we will collect your name, email address, phone number, photo, postal address / postal code, payment or purchase information, age, gender, hardware configuration, console ID, game software, survey, and other information data, IP address, geographic location and the system you are playing on. We will combine this information on the computer or other device you are using.
3. Personal Information Disclosure
We may need to disclose your personal information with others on occasion, such as in the following circumstances.
1) The information has been made public. Some of your personal information, such as your name, profile photo,
                 city, state, country, and other content, will be made public. 
                 Anyone with access to the posting platform can access information that is made publicly available.
                  Without our knowledge, it can be indexed by third-party search engines and imported, exported, distributed,
                   aggregated, and redistributed by others.
2) Provider of a third-party service. Your personal information may be shared with third-party service providers. Third-party service providers assist us provide our services and run our business by doing tasks including website design, email delivery, fraud detection and prevention, customer care, payment processing, and performance analysis. Our agreements with these third parties stipulate that they must keep the personal information we supply confidential, work solely on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions, and not use personal information for anything other than what they offer. We, or those who represent us, use our names for reasons other than selling things or providing services.
3) With the assistance of our affiliates and partners. You may be requested to disclose personal information to our affiliates and/or partners when participating in events or activities hosted by us and/or our partners and/or affiliates. A game, a tournament, a competition, or other offerings, for example, could be sponsored by another company or companies. Unless you advise us otherwise, the information we obtain from you concerning such contests or offers may be shared with our co-authors (which may prevent you from participating). We may act as a joint controller of your personal information in some of these situations (as the case may be).
4) With controllers who aren't affiliated. Personal information may be transferred to unrelated third-party data controllers in some instances. These third parties do not serve as our agents or service providers, and they do not carry out our instructions. Your personal information may be shared with third-party data processors for the following reasons: 1) to supply you with third-party offers; 2) to provide us with information regarding the quality of our services. We will only share your personal information with third-party data controllers if you do not opt-out of such disclosure, or if consent is required for the disclosure of sensitive personal information (if you have agreed). We enter into a contractual agreement with any unconnected third-party data controller, requiring them to provide the same degree of security for your personal information as we do. We also limit their use of your personal information based on any consent you give us and any notices we send you.
5) Security and stuff. When we deem it appropriate to implement or enforce our terms of service and other agreements, we may share personal information; or protect our products and services, the rights, property, or safety of our users or others. This includes sharing information with other companies and organizations to prevent fraud and reduce risk. This does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing our customers' personal information for business purposes in violation of the obligations set forth in this Privacy Policy.
6) Answer subpoenas and other legal questions. We may submit your information to courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government agencies if we believe the law requires or allows it, including to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements to protect our company. orders, subpoenas, search warrants, or other law enforcement requests.
7) We need to sell our company. We may need to share your information if we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our company. If this is the case, you will be asked if you want to stop receiving promotions if the management changes.
8) With your permission. In addition to the foregoing, we shall send you notices and provide you the option of whether or not to disclose your personal information with third parties.
4. Our Lawful Bases for Processing
When we have a legal basis, we will collect, use and process your information in other ways, namely:
Consent: We ask you to consent to the collection or use of your personal information for certain purposes, such as when we want to send you emails about special offers or contests, or if you choose to link your account with a third-party service.
Contract fulfillment: When we need to fulfill and manage a contract with you (such as our terms of service) or act based on your requirements before we sign a contract with you, we will process your personal information, such as completing a transaction with you AND allow you to play our games online.
Legal Requirements: We will process your personal information when required by law.
Legitimate interests: When our or other legitimate interests are necessary and those interests do not go beyond your rights and interests, we will process your personal information. This refers to processing for the purpose of improving our products and services; analyzing and using surveys to better understand our users; conducting direct marketing (when we do not need your consent); supporting us in other ways Business, operations, and services; ensuring the smooth operation, safety and integrity of our services; solve user problems; enforce our terms of service and end-user license agreements; prevent fraud; prevent illegal activity; prevent violations of our EULA and terms of service, codes of conduct or other policies; and prevention of infringement of intellectual property rights.
5. Data Storage and Transfer, Security, Retention
5.1 Data Storage and Transfer
We, our affiliates, and service providers may store and process the information you submit through our services in the United States or in any other countries where we, our affiliates, or service providers have facilities. Please be aware that we may transfer information (including your personal information) to the following countries and jurisdictions if you are based in the European Union or other locations where the rules regulating the collecting and use of data differ from those in the United States: no such data. We will take all reasonable and necessary means to ensure that any personal information is treated securely in line with this privacy policy and applicable law, in accordance with the laws governing your jurisdiction. Such transfers are compliant with applicable law's relevant guarantees. If you have any questions concerning these transfers, please contact us using the information provided at the bottom of this privacy statement.
We shall store personal data for individuals located in the European Union or Switzerland for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose for which the data was collected, unless otherwise required by law (see " Information We Collect" above).
5.2 Security
To prevent accidental loss, use, or unauthorized access, modification, or disclosure of your personal information, we have implemented necessary security measures. In addition, we only give employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties that need to know about their operations access to your personal information. They are only allowed to treat your personal information in accordance with our instructions and are expected to keep it private. We have systems in place to deal with any suspected breach of personal information, and we will notify you and any applicable regulatory authorities if we are required to do so by law.
5.3 Data Retention
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is required to accomplish the purpose for which it was acquired, including any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations. We will consider the amount, nature, and confidentiality of personal information, the potential risk of damage caused by unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, and the purpose of our processing of your personal information when determining the appropriate retention period for personal information. And these objectives can be met in a variety of ways, as long as they are in compliance with applicable legal requirements. You have the right to request that we erase your data in certain circumstances (see "Legal rights of EU data subjects"). We may anonymize your personal information for research or statistical purposes in some situations (so that it is no longer associated with you). In this situation, we are free to utilize the data indefinitely. Without any prior notice.
6. Children’s Privacy
Our services are intended for a broad audience, and we do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (or over if applicable laws provide other protections). Certain services may be available to audiences of all ages, including children. We may limit the collection of personal information about the service from anyone for these services, apply age restrictions that allow children to use the service, limit the collection of personal information about the service from children, or obtain parental permission to collect personal information from children for these services. If we discover that a child has supplied personal information without parental consent, we will remove that information promptly. When using the Internet, parents should educate their children not to give their true names, addresses, or phone numbers without permission.
7. California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties to whom we disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. Depending on our judgment, we may reply to such requests by providing instructions on how our users can prohibit us from releasing personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes by using their capabilities. Our privacy policy's Marketing and Advertising Practices section contains instructions. Alternatively, if you are a California resident and would want a separate response, please email your request now. The browser's Do Not Track signal is not being recognized by our website.
8. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion. We ask that you read this Privacy Policy from time to time. If there are significant changes to our privacy policy, we will notify you either through your registered email address or by posting the revised policy on the website. All past notices or statements regarding our privacy policy and the conditions regulating your use of these services are superseded by the terms stated in this page.
This privacy policy is included as part of the terms we provide at https://www.Myskillcashgame.com. It manages your visit to the website and your use of the website and / or services. Unless otherwise defined in this document, capitalized terms have the meanings assigned to such terms in that term.
9. How You Can Contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy or any other issue, feel free to contact Myskillcash at support@Myskillcashgame.com.