PRIVACY AND DATA POLICY
ISSUED BY CHUCKLEFISH LIMITED
Last Updated: 20 April 2022.
INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS
These terms apply to the use of games and other products and services developed and/or published by Chucklefish Limited. (“
Chucklefish
” / “
we
” / “
us
”). Our registered office is at 64 Southwark Bridge Road, London, SE1 0AS.
We are a company registered in England, with company number 07664836.
This privacy and data policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies and has effect in respect of all games, related online services (including online network play connectivity and interactivity) and other software and products made available by us (together the “
Games
”), as well as any other online features relating to the Games, our websites (including, without limitation,
www.wildfrostgame.com
) (together, the “
Websites
”) and our online communities (“
Communities
”)
(including, without limitation,
https://community.playstarbound.com
).
Together, the Games, Websites and Communities are referred to herein as the “
Online Services
”.
Except where it may otherwise be expressly set out in the terms of use for our relevant Online Service, our Online Service is not marketed to users under the age of 13 and those aged under-13 should not use our Online Services.
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from, or market to, those under the age of 13.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
contact@chucklefish.org
.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal data we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data you supply through these Online Services is processed, we are the “controller” for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679
(“
GDPR
”)
and the UK Data Protection Act 2018
(“
UKDPA
”). We will comply with all applicable data protection laws, including the GDPR, UKDPA and the California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 (“
CCPA
“).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What information we may collect about you;
How we will use information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal data you have provided to us.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our terms of use as may be applicable in respect of the relevant Online Service. Where terms of use are applicable, they will be made available via the relevant Online Service.
The Online Services may contain hyperlinks to services owned and operated by third parties. These third party services may have their own privacy policies and we recommend that you review them. They will govern the use of personal data that you submit or which is collected by cookies and other tracking technologies whilst using these services. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party services and your use of these is at your own risk.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in the future, which will be made available here. You should check here from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate, we may notify you of changes by email or through the Game or Community.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect and process the following personal data from you when you use our Online Services (together, the “
Submitted Information
”):
Information provided by you when using a Game or Community
(“Game Information”)
Your mobile device’s unique device ID (for our mobile Games only);
Your user/account avatar (where applicable in Games and Communities only);
Your user/account username (where applicable);
Your user/account ID (where applicable); and
‘Events’ related to your gameplay in our Games, such as your achievement of a milestone, the occurrence of other particular events during your gameplay (such as completing a tutorial, game level, making a purchase or viewing an advertisement).
Information provided by you when using the Communities or that may be provided by you when you contact us for support or for newsletter sign-ups
(“Contact Information”)
Your name;
Your Steam ID / Steam profile identifier / display name;
Your address, telephone number and email address; and
Your password (for Communities and otherwise where applicable).
User-generated content hosted and displayed in our Communities or Games
(“User Content”)
When using our Communities, you may decide to post information that may or may not contain personal data, in accordance with the rules applicable to our Communities (such as the relevant forum rules). Similarly, when using some of our Games (where this functionality is provided by us) you may decide to post certain content such as maps and in-game character dialogue, in accordance with the terms applicable for the relevant Game (e.g. the relevant end user licence agreement).
We cannot control the wider dissemination via the public internet of personal data that you may choose to post in User Content.
Information about your activities
(“Analytics”)
We may collect technical information about your use of our Websites or Communities through the use of tracking technologies and analytics.
Personal data we may collect includes the following:
Your IP address and MAC address;
Device information (e.g. device identifier and browser)
Game results, progress and timings; and
Page usage (e.g. buttons clicked, screens viewed).
Cookies
Analytics may involve the use of ‘cookies’.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Chucklefish uses cookies to help Chucklefish identify and track visitors, their usage of a Chucklefish website, and their website access preferences.
The following cookies are used on the Websites (as may differ between the different sites):
Cookie Name
Description
Link
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a service offered by Google that generates detailed statistics about a website’s traffic and traffic sources and measures conversions and sale
http://www.google.com/analytics/
Gravatar
Gravatar is a service that allows an image to follow you from website to website appearing beside your name when you do things like comment or post on a blog
https://en.gravatar.com/
Disqusads
Disqusads is a service that allows display advertisements to be served to you on websites based on your preferences and perceived interests.
https://disqusads.com/
Taboola
Taboola is a service that allows display advertisements to be served to you on websites based on your preferences and perceived interests.
https://www.taboola.com/
We may also use certain other cookies which are essential for the functionality of our service. Essential cookies are automatically applied. You may delete and block all cookies, but parts of the service may not work properly.
Our cookies are applied only for the duration necessary for them to fulfil their function.
How can I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit
www.aboutcookies.org
. Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome (here)
Microsoft Edge (here)
Mozilla Firefox (here)
Microsoft Internet Explorer (here)
Opera (here)
Apple Safari (here)
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
For mobile, your mobile device manufacturer may provide you with similar measures for control over SDKs or equivalent technologies set on your device, manageable through your device settings.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Information about you collected from third parties
(“Third Party Account  Information”)
If you choose to access or log into our Online Services (including without limitation our Games) via a third party social media platform such as Facebook, we may collect and store personal data and other information made available by that third party platform, such as your profile username, profile picture, user ID and public information about your friends.
We may also collect technical information in order to ensure that our Online Service connects correctly with your social media user account. This information may be obtained via a Facebook cookie or other similar device in our Online Service. The third party platform is responsible for obtaining your consent before sharing such data with us.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
To provide the Games
to you
We will use information about you (including the Game Information, Contact Information, User Content (where applicable) and Third Party Account Information) to deliver our Games to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary for us to record your progress and current status within a Game, and to ensure the Games deliver the features promised and function properly.
To enable in-Game purchases
If you make purchases through the Online Services, your order and Game Information and Contact Information may be processed so that you can access these features within the Games.
For the above purposes, we rely upon the legal basis of performance of a contract.
To provide the Communities and Preventing Spam
We process your Contact Information, User Content and certain of your Game Information to provide you with the Communities under the relevant terms of use agreed between us.
Certain Game Information and User Content which you supply through our Online Service may be shared with other users of the Online Service. In some cases you may be able to select specific recipients (for example, if you are sending a forum post, or a private message, to a particular forum or individual) then only those recipients will receive it, however in all other cases, your information may be made publically available.
We may make your Game Information and User Content available to forum moderators. Moderators are crucial to the Communities and help make them the place that they are. Moderators are directed to only act in accordance with our instructions and to adhere to the moderator rules.
Spam is a problem for many forums and websites. In order to minimise this we use Stop Forum Spam to check that any new registration is not spam. In order to do this certain information is provided to Stop Forum Spam for the sole purpose of checking that it is not spam. You can find out more about how Stop Forum Spam use this information on their website available here:
https://stopforumspam.com/privacy
For the above purposes, we rely upon the legal basis of performance of a contract and our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests to moderate the services and to prevent spam.
To respond to your enquiries and requests for support
We may process Submitted Information so that we are able to properly respond to your enquiries and support requests, in accordance with the terms of use agreed between us.
As part of this we may also share this Submitted Information with the developers of the Games that we publish.
For the above purposes, we rely upon the legal basis of performance of a contract and our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests to respond to your queries and requests for support.
For advertising purposes
For some of our Online Services, we may process Submitted Information to show you advertisements for third party services. Please note that we use third party providers of adverts and the adverts’ content is provided by these third parties and not Chucklefish. For advertising on our Online Services your personal data is processed for this purpose on the basis of our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests for advertisement-supported services.
For some of our Online Services, Analytics information may be shared with advertisers on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also publicise anonymous, aggregate statistics through our websites or other channels although this will not include your personal data.
Some of our Online Services integrate with AdSense, Google Analytics and GG Software.  Analytics data will be processed and tracked by those third party services, and you can find out more about the way they use this information at the following locations:
Google Analytics and AdSense
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
To prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
We may process your Submitted Information for our legitimate interests of ensuring that your use of our Online Services is lawful, to prevent disruption to our Online Service, to enforce our rights, to protect any individual or otherwise to ensure our compliance with our legal obligations.
To help us to improve the Online Services and help us fix any problems
We may process information about you (being the Submitted Information or any part thereof) so that we can analyse and improve our Online Services.
This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests of: (i) ensuring that our Online Services function properly so that you and other users have the best experience when, for example, playing the Games and using the other Online Services; (ii) improving the quality of our Online Services, and providing a better experience to our users; and (iii) identifying and correcting any bugs or problems with the Online Services.
To help us to understand your usage of the Online Services
We may process information (being the Submitted Information or any part thereof) to understand how users use our Online Services, and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity, as well as understanding how users progress within a particular Online Service such as a Game. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests in continually improving the Online Services, understanding and fixing problems (such as when users may frequently be ‘stuck’ in a particular Game level) and to improve our future products and services.
To keep you up to date
Where you have consented to receive such news and products, we use your Contact Information to send you emails in order to keep you informed of news and products (such as with our email newsletters that you might like to sign up to). You can withdraw your consent, such as to receive our email newsletters, at any time and including by emailing us at contact@chucklefish.org.
We may use vendors such as MailChimp and Sendinblue to assist us with managing our email newsletter databases and to assist us with sending emails to you. You can find out more about how MailChimp and Sendinblue process personal data here:
Mailchimp:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Sendinblue:
https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/
DATA SHARING
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
Group members, personnel, suppliers or subcontractors:
We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006), our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to safeguard it.
Merger or acquisition:
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Required by law:
We may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement:
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties (e.g. mobile network operators, gaming platform operators, game console manufacturers or networks) in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Chucklefish, our customers or others.
Digital Content Stores:
Where our Game is downloaded through a third party store service such as Google Play or Apple’s App Store, we may disclose your personal data to Google and/or Apple respectively for the purposes of facilitating any in-Game payments made through these platforms.
Analytics
: On occasion we may also disclose your personal information for the purpose of improving and optimising our Online Services to deliver a better experience for our users.
Social media
: We may disclose your personal information to social media platforms, including without limitation Facebook or Twitter, such as where you connect your account for an Online Service with your social media account
.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We may use automated decision-making methods which do not involve human involvement to process your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
For instance we use StopForumSpam, and if the new user is flagged as spamming the user will be informed of the outcome and will have the right to either have this decision re-considered or obtain human intervention to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision. If this applies to you, please contact us at
contact@chucklefish.org
.
CONSUMER CONTROL AND OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not wish to be part of a lookalike campaign, receive notifications from us or be served with targeted advertisements you can opt-out by changing your advertising and notification settings on your device directly.  If you are using an iOS device, you can opt out of personalised adverts by visiting
https://oo.apple.com
. For Android devices, you can visit
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
for information about opting out of personalized adverts.
We will obtain your consent to collect your information to be used for marketing purposes that require consent. If you prefer that we do not use your data in this way, let us know by writing to
contact@chucklefish.org
or on the relevant forms or check-boxes that we may use to collect your data.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE PROCESS RELATING TO YOU
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you, as set out in the table below.  We aim to comply to requests without undue delay and within one month at the latest.
To make a request, please let our Data Protection Officer know via:
contact@chucklefish.org
.
Ask for a copy of data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
You can download a copy of your Game account information by following the instructions in your account settings.
We will use reasonable efforts, to the extent required by law, to supply, correct or delete personal data held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to).
Objecting to us processing data about you
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing or delete your personal data if:
you consented to our processing the personal data and have withdrawn that consent;
we no longer need to process that personal data for the reason it was collected;
we are processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or it is in order to pursue a legitimate interest of Chucklefish or a third party, you don’t agree with that processing and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it;
the personal data was unlawfully processed;
you need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with legal obligations; and/or
the personal data is processed in relation to the offer of a service to a child.
You can delete your accounts by following the instructions in your account settings, where applicable depending on the relevant Online Service.
Obtain a machine-readable copy of your personal data, which you can use with another service provider
If (i) we are processing data in order to perform our obligations to you or because you consented and (ii) that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, we will supply you with the relevant personal data in CSV format.  Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us via the support services.
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
CHILDREN
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from, or market to, children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 13 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age, please contact us at
contact@chucklefish.org
.
SECURITY
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through our Online Services; any transmission is at your own risk
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”). It may also be processed by staff that operate outside the EEA and work for us or our suppliers. These staff may be engaged in the fulfilment of your orders, the processing of your payment details, the maintenance of the Service, and the provision of support services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where your personal data is transferred outside of the EEA to a territory not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission, we have agreements in place with the relevant parties which include either (i) standard data protection clauses adopted by the relevant data protection regulator and approved by the European Commission or (ii) standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission, to ensure that appropriate safeguards are used to protect your personal data. Alternatively, we may put in place other appropriate safeguards. If you require more information about these safeguards, you can contact us at
contact@chucklefish.org
.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS & CCPA
If you are a California resident, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations, you have certain rights in respect of the personal information we hold about you.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please contact us at the details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that we have disclosed for our business purposes your personal information to third parties within the last 12 months, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please see above for:
the date on which this Privacy Policy was last updated (at the top of this Privacy Policy);
categories of personal information collected about you in the last 12 months (see paragraph 2);
categories of sources from which the personal information was collected (see paragraphs 2 and 3);
purposes for collecting personal information (see paragraph 3);
categories of third parties with whom we share personal information (see paragraph 3 and 4);
categories of personal information we have disclosed within the last 12 months (see paragraphs 2 and 4); and
specific pieces of personal information we hold about you (see paragraphs 2 and 8).
We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age, except with affirmative authorisation in the case of those aged between 13 and 16.
We do not sell personal information
except
for: (i) our advertising and analytics purposes in connection with our Websites, such as disclosing personal information to our analytics and advertising partners; and (ii) to social media platforms including, without limitation, Facebook in connection with providing our services (e.g. as part of connecting your social media account to your Online Services account), as each are further detailed in this Privacy Policy. You have the right to opt-out of the sale and you can learn more about opting out
here
.
You can designate an authorised agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. The authorized agent must submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf and proof of their own identity.
You have the right to:
request access to your personal information;
request deletion of your personal information;
opt-out of the sale of your personal information; and
not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).
To make a verifiable consumer request, please contact us by email at
contact@chucklefish.org
. We will attempt to verify your request within seven (7) days and may verify your request by asking for proof of identity, such as your device ID and/or user ID.
CONTACT INFORMATION
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to Chucklefish at
contact@chucklefish.org
.  We will endeavor to respond to any query or questions within two business days.
© 2024 Chucklefish Limited. All trade marks are the property of the relevant owners. All rights reserved
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stopforumspam.com/privacy:
Privacy
Home
Privacy
We have been informed, that we should publish a privacy policy, in order to keep some Big Brother governments happy, so here goes.
Your privacy is important to us. We have a few fundamental principles:
We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what is visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates the goals of Creative Commons License
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact us. Below is our privacy policy which incorporates the goals of Creative Commons License:
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use its website. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  This data is also used to identify any abuse of our server and services
We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our forum, browsing our site and using our API.  We only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that forum poster IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of our forum.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our website choose to interact in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a forum or API account, to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with us - by donating, for example, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, we may collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with us.  Most of this is via PayPal, were we have very limited access to any information.  We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, we may monitor the most accessed pages, most regular visitors and use these details to report on regular, high and abnormal web server behavior.  We may display this information publicly or provide it to others.  However, we do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We may disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those administrators whom have access to details provided when accessing our website, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available at website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.  Some of those administrators, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.  We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its administrators, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of stopforumspam, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of our website and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally (about once in a blue moon) send you an email to inform you if any changes to our service will severely impact your access to our site.  We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to keep you logged into the forum, to tell if you're not logged into the forum in order to present paid advertising and to ensure that only you have access to your submission keys, statistics in information.  Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our website, with the drawback that certain features of our website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Note Recent EU directives
- we dont track cookies, their content is never logged
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by stopforumspam and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
API Query data
All data queried via the API is recorded in the way of web server logs.  These logs are kept for a period of seven days and are used for abuse and intrusion monitoring.  After seven days, they are removed from the server.  Some off site backups may contain partial log data.  Off site backups are encrypted.  No log data has been disclosed to anyone (and never will be)
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Register
Log In
Close
Remember Me
Log In
Reset password
Close
Sub-policy 1
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Table of contents
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
If the legal entity you represent or act on behalf of is incorporated in the
USA, Canada, Australia or New Zealand
, the following terms are applicable to you:
Sendinblue Inc. Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, this latter Privacy Policy (II) shall also be applicable.
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue SAS
(collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”).
In the course of its activity and for the purposes of providing the Services (as defined in our General Terms of Use), Brevo is required to collect and process the personal data of its users (hereafter referred to as the “Users”).
This privacy policy, implemented by Brevo, is intended to provide the Users with a summary and overview of the processing of personal data carried out by Brevo.
Brevo attaches particular importance to the respect for the privacy of the Users and of the confidentiality of their personal data, and is thus committed to processing the data in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereafter referred to as the “Data Protection Act”), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
Definitions
Personal data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, that is, a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more elements specific to that person.
Processing of personal data:
any operation or any set of operations relating to personal data, whatever the process used, and in particular the collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, as well as locking, erasure, or destruction.
Cookie :
a cookie is a piece of information placed on the hard drive of Internet users by the server of the site they visit. It contains several pieces of data: the name of the server which installed it, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and possibly an expiry date. This information is sometimes stored on the computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save pieces of information.
Data Controller – DPO
The data controller for the processing of the personal data referred to herein is Brevo, a simplified joint stock company with a share capital of 387,722 Euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 498 019 298 and whose registered office is located at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France.
Brevo has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at the following address: dpo@brevo.com.
Data collected
Brevo collects data from Users in order to make the Services for which they have subscribed to the platform available to them.
The mandatory or optional nature of the data provided (in order to complete the Users’ registration and to render the Services) is indicated at the time of collection by an asterisk.
In addition, certain data is collected automatically as a result of the User’s actions on the site (see the paragraph on cookies).
Purposes
The personal data collected by Brevo during the provision of the Services is necessary for the performance of the contracts concluded with the Users, or to allow Brevo to pursue its legitimate interests while respecting the rights of the Users. Certain data may also be processed based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes for which Brevo processes data are the following:
commercial and accounting management of the contract;
management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
detection of malicious behaviour (fraud, phishing, spam, etc.);
the improvement of the Users path on the site;
more generally, any purpose referred to in Article 2 of Deliberation No. 2012-209 of 21 June 2012 creating a simplified standard for the automated processing of personal data relating to the management of users and prospects.
Recipients of the data
The personal data collected is intended for Brevo’s commercial and accounting departments. It may be transmitted to Brevo’s subsidiaries, or to third-party data processors which Brevo is authorized to use within the context of the performance of its Services.
In this context, personal data may be transferred to an EU or non-EU country. Brevo implements guarantees ensuring the protection and security of this data, in compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Brevo does not transfer or rent personal data to third parties for marketing purposes without the express consent of the Users of Brevo.
In addition, personal data may only be disclosed to third parties for purposes other than marketing in the following cases:
with their authorisation;
at the request of the competent legal authorities, upon judicial request, or in the context of a legal dispute.
Data retention period
To satisfy its legal obligations or in order to have the necessary elements to assert its rights, Brevo will be able to retain the data under the conditions established by applicable rules and regulations.
Thus, personal data collected by Brevo relating to the identity and contact details of its Users is retained for a maximum period of two years after the termination of the contractual relationship for Users that are customers, or from their collection by the data controller or the last contact from the Users that are prospects, for the data relating to the latter.
The termination of the contractual relationship is understood as the express termination of the contract by the User, or the non-use of Brevo Services for a period of five years.
Rights of Users
In accordance with applicable rules, the Users have the right to access and rectify their personal data, which enables them to rectify, complete, update, or delete data that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, or outdated, or whose collection, use, communication, or storage is prohibited.
The Users also have the right to request the limitation of the processing, and to oppose on legitimate grounds the processing of their personal data. The User may also communicate instructions on the fate of their personal data in the event of their death.
Where applicable, the User may request the portability of their personal data or, where the legal basis for the processing is consent, withdraw their consent at any time.
The Users may exercise their rights by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com or a letter to:
Sendinblue SAS  — DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
These requests shall be processed within a maximum period of 30 days.
The Users may also at any time modify the data pertaining to them by logging on to
https://www.brevo.com
and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting the customer relations department at
support@brevo.com
The Users may unsubscribe from the Brevo newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe links in each of these emails.
In the event of a dispute, the Users may file a complaint with the CNIL, for which contact details may be found at
https://www.cnil.fr.
The Users may access detailed information on the use of their personal data, in particular concerning the purposes of the processing, the legal bases enabling Brevo to process the data, its storage period, its recipients, and, where applicable, its transfer to a country outside the European Union as well as the related compliance guarantees put in place for such transfers. To do so, the User can send their request by email to dpo@brevo.com.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Notwithstanding anything else in the present Privacy Policy, if the User provides Brevo access to their Gmail user data, Brevo shall:
only use access to read, write, modify, or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings, allowing Brevo to provide a web email client for the Users to compose, send, read, and process emails;
never transfer such data to other parties unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets;
in no way use such data for its management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
in no way use such data to serve advertisements;
not allow humans to read this data unless Brevo has the User’s affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for Brevo’s internal operations, and even then, only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Cookies
For more information about how Brevo handles cookies, please visit our
cookie policy page
.
Security
Brevo has taken all necessary precautions to preserve the security of personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, distorted, or damaged.
These measures include the following:
Multi-level firewall.
Proven solutions for anti-virus protection and detection of intrusion attempts.
Encrypted data transmission using SSL/https/VPN technology.
Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centres.
In addition, access to processing data on behalf of Brevo by the receiving third-party services requires authentication of the persons accessing the data, by means of an individual access code and password, that is sufficiently robust and regularly renewed.
Data transmitted over unsecured communication channels is subject to technical measures designed to make such data incomprehensible to any unauthorised person.
Any questions about the security of the Brevo website can be directed to
support@brevo.com
.
Modification of the Privacy Policy
Brevo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
The Users shall be notified of any changes made to this policy via our website or by email at least thirty days prior, when possible, to their entry into force.
Contact
Any questions about Brevo’s Privacy Policy can be directed by email to
dpo@brevo.com
or by mail to:
Sendinblue SAS – DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
For users incorporated in USA, Canada, Australia and New-Zealand
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue Inc.
dba
Sendinblue
, (collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”). It explains how we collect and use information on brevo.com and other websites we own or operate (collectively, the “
Site
”), our suite of software and professional services owned and operated by Sendinblue Inc. or its affiliates and/or delivered under the business name Brevo (the “
Software
”) for managing contacts and designing, implementing, and administering email, sms, and certain other marketing programs , our other digital properties or services, and your communications with us by any means (collectively with the Site, Software, and Programs, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice applies to Brevo’s activities in, or for Users that are incorporated in, the United States, Canada, New-Zealand and Australia, and includes supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
. If you are a resident of or located in the European Union, please instead review our
Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
.
This Privacy Notice is governed by and part of our General Conditions of Use of Brevo Services (the “
General Terms
”). Your use of our Services is subject to this Privacy Notice and our General Terms, including its applicable limitations on damages and the provisions regarding resolution of disputes. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meanings given to them in the General Terms. Any additional notices we may provide you about our privacy practices will be considered to form part of this Privacy Notice.
Note that this Privacy Notice
DOES NOT
apply to any third-party websites, platforms, or activities, such as a Customer’s websites or marketing practices. If you are a Contact of our Customer(s), your use of a Customer’s website or receipt of marketing communications from a Brevo Customer is governed by the Customer’s privacy notice, and Brevo has no control over their privacy practices.
Consent
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Notice, and you consent to Brevo’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use our Services.
Personal information
As used in this Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls into various categories, such as identifiers, protected information, sensitive personal information (e.g., social security number, race, health data, or union membership), biometrics, commercial history, employment-related data, nonpublic educational information, internet activity, or inferences drawn to create a consumer profile. The use of sensitive personal data on the Platform and as part of the Services is forbidden.
Personal Information
does not
include (i) publicly available information (ii) aggregate information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other Personal Information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.
Collection and use of personal information
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it is used depends on how you interact with us, such as a Site visitor, a Brevo customer using the Services or representative of a customer (a “
Customer
”) or as a Customer’s marketing contact (“
Contact
”).  Brevo only collects, uses, retains, and shares Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide the Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. We will update this Privacy Notice or otherwise notify you before we collect additional categories of Personal Information from consumers or use such Personal Information for purposes that are incompatible with the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Categories of Personal Information
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected these categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address, password, IP address)
Employment-related information (e.g., current or past employment)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases considered or completed)
Internet activity (e.g., interactions with the Site and Platform)
Sources of Collection
We collect Personal Information from the following sources and use that information as described below:
Directly from you when you contact us or place an order.
If you contact us via the Site or by email, phone, or other means to request information or support, we will collect your name, contact information, and employment-related information as needed to respond to your inquiry. If you place an order with us, we will use a PCI-compliant payment processor to collect and process your payment information. You may opt-in to save your payment information for future orders, but this is not required. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about your order status, or for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
Directly from you when you create a Customer account.
If you create a Customer account, we will collect your name, email address, company name, and require you to choose a password to login. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to provide the Services, identify and administer your account, and communicate with you about the Services. You have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account.
From our Customers about their Contacts.
Brevo Services enables Customers to promote their brands through email, SMS, chat, and other types of marketing communications. Customers may choose to input their Contacts’ Personal Information into the Services to send them marketing communications. Brevo collects Contacts’ Personal Information to fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider to the Customer. A Customer’s processing of Contacts’ Personal Information via the Services is subject to the Customer’s privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for any Customer’s compliance with applicable privacy laws, or a Customer’s obligations to related to their Contacts’ privacy rights.
Automatically from you when you visit the Site or use our Software.
When you visit our Site or use our Software, we automatically collect data about your internet activity such as your IP address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device used to access our Site, and browser information. Like most online services, the Site and Platform use cookies as described in our
Cookie List
. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of facilitating online communication or when it is strictly necessary to provide an online Service. We use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our Site, generate analytics and statistics. With your prior consent, we also use that information to improve the nature and marketing of the Services. The Customer warrants that it will provide all necessary information to the relevant natural persons, and obtain all necessary consents from them, as required by applicable data protection and electronic communication laws, in order to allow Brevo to lawfully deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies and to lawfully collect data from the devices of Contacts and Service Users. These tracers might include pixels and web beacons. The exact list of cookies and tracking devices is available
here
.
Children’s Privacy
Brevo does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. However, we cannot control the Personal Information our Customer’s collect. If a Customer chooses to input Personal Information of children under age 16 on the Services, that Customer does so under its own privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for a Customer’s failure to comply with any law designed to protect children or any other law governing the Customer’s use of our Services. Please contact the Customer directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we encourage you to contact us at dpo@brevo.com if you believe we might have collected any information online from a child under 16, or if you are aware of any unauthorized submission of information to us. Brevo reserves the right to delete any information from our systems if we discover it was improperly collected.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information about Contacts.
The Customer is responsible for determining a data retention period of the Contact Personal Information and to operate the deletion when necessary. If the Customer does not take action, Brevo retains all categories of Personal Information we collect only as long as your Brevo account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the Services you request.
Commercial relationship personal information.
We may also retain and use Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We regularly review and deidentify unnecessary Personal Information and other data and we periodically deidentify unused accounts.
Cookie Data.
Any Personal Information that we may collect using cookies or other tracing technologies is retained on our system for 12 months. In some cases, we may be required to retain this Personal Information for longer or shorter periods to meet our regulatory obligations, in which case we will retain the data for the required period.
Other Uses
In addition to the specific uses described above, Brevo might also use your Personal Information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services and user experience.
Send you support and administrative messages.
Monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Company and others.
Protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Notice.
If we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others.
Comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.
Fulfill any other purpose to which you consent.
Disclosing personal information
Categories
In the preceding 12 months, Brevo has disclosed all categories of Personal Information that we collected for a business purpose.
Recipients
Brevo may disclose Personal Information to the recipients described below, or to other recipients with your permission or as required by law.
Service Providers:
Brevo uses a variety of service providers such as data hosting companies, analytics services, email hosting services, and payment processors. The type of information that we share with a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. Our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your Personal Information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Government Agencies:
Occasionally Brevo may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to governmental authorities. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. Brevo reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to law enforcement and other governmental agencies, at our sole discretion in connection with an investigation of any matter that is illegal or that could expose Brevo or our affiliates to liability.
Cookie Information Recipients:
In some cases, we may allow specific cooperating entities to use
cookies
or similar technologies to collect non-personal data from your browser or device for measurement purposes. Receipt and use of such information are subject to each cookie information recipient’s Privacy Notice.
Affiliates and Third Parties:
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect about you to our affiliates like a parent company or subsidiaries. For example, we share Personal Information for Customer support purposes, marketing, or technical operations. Under specific circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information to certain third parties as permitted by applicable law, for example: if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or asset sale); to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; when we believe it is appropriate to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; to exercise or defend our legal claims; or for any other reason with your consent.
Aggregated and Deidentified Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose aggregated, anonymized, or deidentified information about any individuals with our affiliate companies (Brevo Group) for marketing, advertising, research and product development purposes.
Your privacy rights
Brevo believes you should have the ability to control the Personal Information we collect and hold about you on your own. You can use the methods described below to control how we collect and use your Personal Information.
Customer Accounts:
Customers can change or delete the Personal Information in their accounts at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. A Customer can delete all of their Personal Information on Brevo by closing the account.
Contact Information:
Customers can change or delete their Contacts’ Personal Information at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. If a Contact submits a Consumer Privacy Request directly to Brevo, we will relay the request to the applicable Customer for further processing.
Email Communications:
If you are a Customer or Site visitor, we may send you marketing emails about the Services. Customers may also receive informational or support emails from us. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may change your preferences via the links provided in the emails or by sending a request to dpo@brevo.com to be removed from our email list. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Texting Consent:
If you provide us with your wireless phone number, you consent to Brevo sending you informational or service text messages. However, we will only send you marketing text messages if you opt-in to receive these notifications from us. For all Brevo text messages, the number of texts you receive will depend on the Services you use and the information you request from us. You can unsubscribe from Brevo text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Do Not Track:
Do Not Track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. If this changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional privacy rights or be entitled to additional controls over your Personal Information. Please see our supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
.
Consumer Privacy Requests
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights beyond the methods available through the Platform, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please submit a verifiable Consumer Privacy Request using our online
Consumer Privacy Request
form or by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com.
Note that if you are a Customer’s Contact, then we process your Personal Information as a service provider to the Customer and we cannot fulfill your request directly. In that case, we will relay your request to the appropriate Customer for further processing and fulfillment, provided that we have sufficient information to do so.
Brevo can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request, we may be unable to fulfill your request in part or in whole, for example, if your request falls within a statutory exception or if fulfilling your request would prevent us from complying with a statutory or contractual obligation.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides residents of the State of California (“
California Consumers
”) with the disclosures and notices required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The following paragraphs apply solely to California Consumers and describe the specific rights afforded under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise the following rights over their Personal Information, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information, such as: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your Personal Information; and (v) a list of specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If a business sells or shares your Personal Information, you also You also have the right to ask the company to disclose the categories of your Personal Information sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom that Personal information was sold or shared, as well as the categories of Personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information. Brevo is only required to respond to two disclosure requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that Brevo may be prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain Personal Information when the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account. We are only required by law to respond to two access requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Correct.
If you discover that we maintain inaccurate Personal Information about you, or if your Personal Information changes, please inform us and we will update our records to reflect the correct information.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. Brevo may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the Personal Information in response to a request for deletion. If you submit a right to deletion request, we will confirm the Personal Information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete.
No Selling Personal Information.
Brevo does not and will never sell your Personal Information to third parties..
Sharing Personal Information.
Brevo may share Personal Information we collect via cookies and other tracing technologies with third parties for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting your cookie settings or by submitting a
Consumer Privacy Request
.
Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Brevo does not seek to collect sensitive Personal Information from any consumer. If a Customer chooses to input sensitive Personal Information into the Platform, we will not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about any consumer. If this ever changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. However, we have no control over whether our Customers may use or disclose their contacts’ sensitive Personal information for any particular purpose. If you are a Contact of our Customers, please direct any questions about your sensitive Personal Information to the respective Customer.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under the CCPA.
Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information.
Under California’s Shine the Light Act (Ca. Civ. Code § 1798.83-1798.84), California Consumers are entitled to request certain disclosures about Personal Information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. Please contact us if you wish to obtain these disclosures.
California Consumers may exercise these rights over their Personal Information by logging into their Customer account or by sending us a verifiable
Consumer Privacy Request
, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply.
Employee Data Exception
In many cases, the Personal Information we collect about you is in a business-to-business context when you are acting as an employee to a Customer or potential Customer in the performance of your job duties. Please note that Personal Information collected and used in this context is not protected under the CCPA.
Data security
Brevo implements reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We employ a series of security measures, including a multi-level firewall, encryption, and anti-virus and intrusion detection solutions. All data is stored on secure servers in Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centers and is only accessible to our personnel and contractors via authentication measures. We ensure that Brevo employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling your inquiries are informed of applicable privacy law requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information in order to process it.
Please note, however, that no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. We also have no control over our Customers’ security measures or practices, and we make no representations or guarantees that your Personal Information is secure once transmitted or stored on their systems.
It is your responsibility to keep your Customer account secure from unauthorized access. We encourage our Customers to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to their accounts, such as choosing a robust password, keeping the password private, and signing off after using a shared computer or other device. Brevo is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or any unauthorized activity on your account.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Third party websites
The Services may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. We have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your Personal Information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by updating this posting or by posting notice in the Services. The date that this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Notice. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Notice for changes.
Contact Brevo
If you have questions about our privacy practices or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at dpo@brevo.com, or by mail at Brevo 1402 Third Avenue, #301, Seattle, WA 98101.
For UK based data subjects, processors, controllers, and the ICO: The representative for the UK according to Article 27 of the UK GPDR can be reached by email: dpo@brevo.com