Tic-Tac-Toe Football
Tic-Tac-Toe Football - Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 14th of October 2023
Thank you for visiting Tic-Tac-Toe Football ("we," "our," or "us"). We respect your privacy and are
                    committed to protecting any information you may provide while using our website and/or our mobile apps.
                    This Privacy Policy outlines our practices regarding the collection and handling of data on our website
                    and mobile apps. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we operate.
1. Information We Do Not Collect
We want to make it clear that we do not collect any personal data or personally identifiable information
                    (PII) through our website and/or mobile apps. This means we do not collect, store, or process any of the
                    following:
Names
Addresses
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Social security numbers
Financial information
We also do not collect any sensitive or special category data, such as race, religion, health
                    information, or any other personal information that may be considered sensitive.
2. Data We May Automatically Collect
While you browse our website or/and our mobile apps, we may collect non-personal information for
                    analytical and statistical purposes. This information is strictly non-identifiable and may include:
Your IP address
Browser type and version
Operating system
Referral source
Pages visited
Time and date of visits
This data is collected solely to help us understand how users interact with our website and to improve
                    its functionality and content. We do not attempt to link this information to any individual user.
3. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience. Cookies are small text
                    files that are placed on your device when you visit our website. They help us remember your preferences
                    and provide you with a more personalized experience.
You have the option to disable cookies in your web browser settings, although this may affect your
                    ability to access and use certain features on our website.
4. Third-Party Links
Our website may contain links to third-party websites or services. Please note that we do not have
                    control over the content or privacy practices of these external websites. We encourage you to review the
                    privacy policies of any third-party websites you visit through links on our site.
By using our website, you consent to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Thank you for trusting us with your privacy.