Privacy Policy
Firas Moussa built the Pythonica app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Firas Moussa at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my service.
If you choose to use my service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in my Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Pythonica unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using my service, I may require you to provide me with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Nothing. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
What permissions may Pythonica ask from users?
Pythonica may ask users to access the photo library when they try to insert pictures from photo library to Pythonica's root directory, as well as taking a photos.
What data does Pythonica store in the device?
All files inside Pythonica's file manager are stored inside the device.
Pythonica also stores FTP credentials along with other settings such as Python, PIP, server & other settings.
FTP settings are stored only if the users want to save them
Links to Other Sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update my Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Me
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.