Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
We collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
We collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your ip address or other details to help you with your experience.
We collect information from you when you or enter information on our site.
What information we use and how we use it:
Read phone status and identity : This permission allows to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read your text messages : We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take pictures and videos : This permission allows us to use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.
Approximate location (network-based) : This permission allows us to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users’ location. This information is untraceable.
Read your contacts : Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in search bar.
User Profile : Where the User registers a user profile in the our Apps, the information up-loaded to the profile section of the our Apps will be received and stored by us until the User changes or deletes such data or terminates the Services.
Read calendar events plus confidential information : This information is used only in the to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage : This permission allows to delete app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Read the contents of your USB storage : This permission allows to view app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Set an alarm : This permission allows users to access the device’s alarm through clock widget.
Find accounts on the devices : does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
Read Google service configuration : This information is used to acquire advertising ID. provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
Change network connectivity : This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to change/check network connectivity.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi : This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
Full network access : This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels.
View network connections : This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
View Wi-Fi connections : This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
Access Bluetooth settings : This permission is used in settings, in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.
Pair with Bluetooth devices : This permission is used in settings, in order to pair with Bluetooth devices.
Close other apps : This permission is used in Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster.
Retrieve running apps : This permission is used in Boost in order to view the running apps.
Run as startup : will run as startup to provide users with a launcher service.
Draw over other apps : This permission allows the Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
Control vibration : This permission allows to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
Adjust your wallpaper size : This permission allows users to crop wallpaper to the desired size.
Set wallpaper : This permission allows users to set a selected image as their wallpaper.
Read sync settings : This permission is used in power’s save mode, and allows to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.
Toggle sync on and off : This permission is used in power’s save mode, and allows to synchronize with the user’s sync settings.
Expand/collapse status bar : This permission is used for the gesture feature of User System to expand and collapse the status bar.
Install shortcuts : This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use related functions.
Measure app storage space : This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
Modify system settings : This permission is used in settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
Read Home settings and shortcuts : This permission is used to acquire the user’s Home settings and shortcuts, in order to maintain user preferences.
Uninstall shortcuts : This permission allows to delete the shortcuts created by in other IOS launchers.
Photos / Media Files : Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage.
Device & app history : Retrieve running apps.We use this information to boost your IOS phone effectively, clean your device’s RAM and make your phone speed up in depth.
How we protect your information : We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
How we share your information : We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or .
Children’s Privacy : We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to the Privacy Policy : may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:- To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.- Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. We do not use an SSL certificate- We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers.- Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.– Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Contact Us If you have any problem with the private policy, please contact us at bharatkumarpatel.apple@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it