This website uses cookie
We use cookie to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share
		information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with
		others information that you’ve provide to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. For information
		on data processing and cookies, please see our
privacy policy
.
Deny all
Accept all
The E-mail has been sent!
Something went wrong!
Products
Management platform
Support
About
Careers
Contact
Blog
All products
Facilities
						management
Plant room equipment
						monitoring
DIN rail mount
HVAC monitoring
Pressure
						monitoring
Predictive maintenance
Water leak
						detection
Smart metering
Environment
						monitoring
Office monitoring
Agriculture
Custom hardware
Products
Management platform
Support
About
Careers
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
.
YOSENSI spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością [limited liability company] with its registered office in Białystok
            (15-540), ul. Zurawia 71A/1.50, entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register under KRS
            number 0000760872 by the District Court in Białystok, 12 th Commercial Division of the National Court Register, share
            capital of PLN 5,000.00, fully paid-up, tax identification number (NIP): 5423338795 built the Yosensi app as a Free
            app. This SERVICE is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
            Information if anyone decided to use our SERVICE. The SERVICE is compliant with in accordance with Regulation (EU)
            2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard
            to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General
            Data Protection Regulation).
If you choose to use our SERVICE, you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. You
            are not obligated to provide us with the Personal Information, but without them we will not be able to perform the
            SERVICE for you. Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the SERVICE. We will not use
            or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
            www.yosensi.io unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
.
We may process data about your use of our website and services („usage data”). The usage data may include your IP
            address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page
            views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service
            use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the
            purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our
            legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process your account data („account data”). The account data may include your name and email address. The
            source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating
            our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our
            databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests,
            namely the proper administration of our website and business or [the performance of a contract between you and us
            and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us („correspondence data”).
            The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The
            correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis
            for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of SERVICE and our website and
            communications with users.
Link to privacy policy of third party SERVICE providers used by the app:
Google Analytics
Google Ads
Youtube.com
Mailchimp
Hotjar
We want to inform you that whenever you use our SERVICE, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and
            information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such
            as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app
            when utilizing our SERVICE, the time and date of your use of the SERVICE, and other statistics.
Cookies
.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
            to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This SERVICE does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use
            “cookies” to collect information and improve their SERVICEs. You have the option to either accept or refuse these
            cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able
            to use some portions of this SERVICE.
SERVICE Providers
.
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our SERVICE;
To provide the SERVICE on our behalf;
To perform SERVICE-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our SERVICE is used.
We want to inform users of this SERVICE that these third parties have access to your
Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Data processing time
.
Your personal data is processed for the period that is required to fulfil the purpose described above, e.i. for as
            long as you are a newsletter subscriber or as well as after its expiry for the period required by the legal provisions
            or necessary for the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the Controller.
Where we don’t need to keep all your information in full, we will aggregate it. This is to ensure that we do not
            retain your information for any longer that is necessary.
Security
.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable
            means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage
            is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Link to Other Sites
.
This SERVICE may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
            Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
            of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
            practices of any third-party sites or services.
Your rights
.
Here we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not
            all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance
            from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the
            personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the
            purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data.
            Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The
            first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of
            the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances
            include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or
            otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain
            rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have
            been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where
            processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a
            legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are:
            you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the
            personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or
            defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where
            processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only
            otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the
            protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation,
            but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the
            performance of a task carried out in the public interest or
            in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or
            by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can
            demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or
            the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including
            profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data
            for this purpose. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical
            research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is
            necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is: (i) consent; or (ii) that the
            processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your
            request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right
            to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right
            does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal
            right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU
            member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to
            withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
Children's Privacy
.
These SERVICE do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
            information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
            information, we immediately delete this from
            our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provide us with personal
            information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any
            changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective
            immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at contact@yosensi.io
Do you have additional questions?
Contact us: