Privacy Policy
GenPix (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) applies users’ personal information in the services provided by this application (hereinafter referred to as “the services”) as follows. The company will formulate a privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as “the policy”). By using this services, users agree that the company has the right to collect, use and disclose user’s personal data in accordance with this policy.
■ Purpose and category of personal data collection For the purposes of marketing, customer management and service, other e-commerce services, fulfilling statutory or contractual obligations, protecting the rights and interests of the parties and related stakeholders, after-sales service, and operating businesses that comply with the business registration items or the articles of association, etc., the company may collect your name, contact information (including but not limited to phone number, e-mail and address, etc.), workplace, job title, information required to complete payment, IP address, and other personal information that can directly or indirectly identify the user. In addition, in order to improve service quality, the company will record relevant information of users and browsing activities on this application according to the services provided. These data are only used for traffic analysis and network behavior research; it is only used for aggregate analysis instead of connecting to specific individuals.
■ Use of personal information The personal information collected by this application that is sufficient to identify the user is only for the company to process and use within the company or its related companies. Unless it is stated in advance, for the completion of providing services, fulfilling contractual obligations or the order or request of the authority in accordance with laws and regulations, the company will not provide the personal data that is sufficient to identify the user to a third party (including domestic and foreign), or transfer it to a place other than the purpose of collection. During the effective period of the contract and the period of preservation stipulated by laws and regulations, the company will continue to store, process and use relevant information.
■ Personal data collected by the company may be processed and stored in other countries/regions in devices legally used by the company. The personal data the user provide to the company are permitted to be transferred abroad within the scope of such use. When you provide personal data, you also agree that the company’s partner institutions are allowed to share your personal data. The services may include data storage, payment processing, etc. These third parties will only receive the information necessary to provide the specific services described; the information will be stored and protected with the principles followed by the company and cannot be used for any other purpose.
■ When the user choose to use third-party social media, such as logging in through Gmail or Facebook, his/her social media provider (such as Google and Facebook) will provide the company with some information about the user, such as Facebook user identification Number.
■ Data security The company will maintain the security of personal data with appropriate technology and procedures in line with industry standards. Only relevant personnel authorized by the company can know your personal information and shall be responsible for keeping it confidential. The company reserves the right to disclose and transmit user personal data if required by law and we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect rights and interests.
■ To delete your account, please go to the ‘Settings’ within the app, access the ‘Account’ panel, and tap the ‘Delete account’ button. Follow the subsequent prompts to confirm your action. Your account will be permanently deleted once you confirm the deletion. You can also contact us at @genpix.ai on Instagram. We will help process your deletion request within 10 business days.
■ Rights of Data Subjects The data subject may request to inquire about, read his or her personal data or ask for a copy, but the company may charge necessary costs and fees at its discretion. If the personal information has changed, or if the personal information is found to be incorrect, the user can request the company to amend or correct it. When the purpose of collecting personal data disappears or the period expires, the user can request to delete, stop processing or use personal data. However, this is not limited to those necessary for the company to perform its duties or business.
■ Cookies For the convenience of users, this application may use cookie technology to provide services that are more suitable for the user’s personal needs; cookie is a technology used by the web server to communicate with the user’s browser, and it may be stored in the user’s computer. To store certain information, this application will read the cookie data stored in the user’s computer. Users may cancel or limit this function through the browser settings, but they may not be able to use some application functions.
■ Influence In order to ensure the smooth provision of related services, or the completion of related transactions, if the user is unwilling to provide the relevant personal information required by each service or transaction to the company, the company will respect his/her decision regarding the collection, processing, utilization and international transmission of personal data in accordance with laws and regulations, this privacy statement and its related notices. However, the user may not be able to use such services or complete related transactions. The company reserves the right to agree to provide such related services or complete related transactions.
■ Right to Amendment The company reserves the right to revise this privacy statement and related notices at any time, and may publish it at an appropriate place on this application after revision without separate notice. Users may read the revised privacy statement and related information on this application at any time.