Kiko Card
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Kiko Card.
Kiko Card is an app designed to enhance and beautify the moments of inspiration and sharing for its users. It’s specially crafted to capture and share those fleeting, brilliant moments, making each share more engaging and memorable.
Our “Privacy Policy” explains how we, along with some of our partner companies, collect, use, share, and protect information in relation to our mobile services, websites, any software offered on or in connection with Kiko Card services (collectively referred to as “the Services”), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
By using our “Services,” you understand and agree that our primary purpose is to provide a software platform for you to decorate and enhance your photos through our “Services.”
1.Information We Collect
We collect the following types of information:
Information you provide us directly.
Analytics information: We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the “Services.” These tools collect information sent by your device or our “Services,” including the pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the “Services.”
Device Identifiers: When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our “Services,” we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.”
2. How We Use Your Information
Apart from the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
Develop and test new products and features.
Diagnose or fix technology problems.
3. Sharing Your Information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Kiko Card (or the group of companies of which Kiko Card is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
We may share your information with the following parties:
Third-party organizations that help us provide the “Services,” as well as information about tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, and location data.
Certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners to deliver targeted advertising.
4. Other Websites and Services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our “Services.” When you use a link to go from our “Services” to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the “Services,” please contact us with email:
hi@kikocard.com
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Kiko Card may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you with additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate. Your continued use of Kiko Card or the “Services” after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.