Terms of Use
Perfect Pressure
Last amendment: July 24, 2023.
Please, carefully read these Conditions of Use before using the mobile application Perfect Pressure (Application) developed by us  (we or our). Your access to the Application depends on the consent to and compliance with these Conditions. The Conditions cover all visitors, users, and other parties interested in the Application. By accessing the Application, you consent to comply with these Conditions. If you disagree with any part of the Conditions you reserve the right not to use the application.
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Application are paid by Subscription (the Subscription(s)). You will be invoiced on the basis of the Invoice Cycle (the Invoice Cycle). The Invoice Cycles are either monthly or annual depending on the Subscription type. Your subscription will be automatically prolonged on the same conditions at the end of each payment cycle. In case of the Conditions violation, Perfect Pressure has the right to cancel your subscription. You can cancel the Subscription prolongation on your own via your online account management page.
The payment is processed with the help Apple company's resources.
We get the list of performed transactions. The active Subscription is identified on the basis of the transaction date and type.
Free Trial Version
The company Perfect Pressure may at its own discretion offer the Subscription with the Free Trial Version during a limited period of time (Free Trial Version).
You may need to insert your payment details in order to use the Free Trial Version.
If you enter your payment details at the stage of registration in the Application for the use of the Free Trial Version no payment will be collected from you until the end of its term. The payment will be collected automatically on the last day of the Free Trial Version period provided you do not cancel the subscription.
Perfect Pressure reserves the right at any time and without any notification to the user to (i) change the conditions of the Free Trial Version or (ii) cancel the free trial offer.
Subscription fee change
Perfect Pressure may change the subscription fee inside the Application at any time. The subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the current payment cycle.
Perfect Pressure will notify you about the subscription fee change in advance to allow you canceling the subscription before the changes become effective.
Your further use of the Application constitutes your consent with the changed subscription fee.
Refunds
All performed subscriptions are not a subject to refund unless required by the law.
Intellectual property
The service, content, functions, and functionality remain the exclusive property of the company Perfect Pressure and its licensors. The service is protected by the copyright, trademarks, and other signs of Serbia and foreign countries. Our trademarks can't be used in connection with any product or service without a prior written consent of Perfect Pressure.
Links to other websites
Our service may contain the links to the third-party websites or services which are not owned by the company Perfect Pressure or are not controlled by it.
Perfect Pressure is not responsible for the content, confidentiality policy, and actions of the third-party websites or services. We represent and warrant that the company Perfect Pressure is not directly or indirectly responsible for any damage or loss associated or allegedly associated with the use of the Application.
We strongly recommend you getting acquainted with the conditions and confidentiality policy of any third-party websites or services which you visit.
Limitation of liability
The company Perfect Pressure as well as its employees and partners are not liable for any indirect losses as well as incidental, special or punitive damages, including, inter alia, the loss of benefit or other intangible losses resulting from (i) your access to the Application, use of the Application or impossibility to access it; (ii) any interaction of the third parties; (iii) any content obtained from the Application.
Disclaimer
You take up all risks associated with the use of the Application.The Application is provided AS IS. The Application is provided without any express or implied guarantees, including the guarantees of marketability, fitness for a particular purpose, and stable operation during use. The Application is not limited by the specified guarantees. The company Perfect Pressure and its licensors do not guarantee a) the uninterrupted and safe operation of the Application, its accessibility at any particular time in any place; b) that any errors or defects will be eliminated; c) that the Application is free of viruses or other malware; d) the results of the Application use will meet your expectations.
Governing law
The Conditions are governed by the legislation of Serbia and foreign countries. Our refusal to exercise any local right does not constitute a waiver of these Conditions of Use. If the court finds any provision of these Conditions invalid or unenforceable other provisions of these Conditions remain valid in law. These Conditions constitute the entire agreement between us in respect of the Application and replace any preceding agreements which we could have between us in respect of the Application.
Amendments
We reserve the right to amend or replace the Conditions at our discretion at any time. If the review is considerable we will try to notify at least 30 days in advance before any new Conditions coming into force. We will solely determine what constitutes a considerable change. By continuing to use our Application after the amendments coming into force, you consent to the reviewed Conditions. Discontinue using the Application if you disagree with the new Conditions.
Get in touch with us
Please, get in touch with us if you have any questions concerning these Conditions.