LEZZETLI
Back
Terms
Minimum Terms of End-User Licence Agreement AND Privacy Policy
PART 1 - Terms of Use
PART 2 - Privacy Policy
PART 1 – Terms of Use
AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERY
We will do our best to fulfil any order within the delivery time specified during the checkout process. Unfortunately things do not always go to plan and factors, such as weather and traffic conditions, may occasionally prevent us from achieving this. We will inform you if we become aware of an unexpected delay.
CANCELLATION
Orders may be cancelled up to the point the order is dispatched for delivery. Once delivery of an order is made we cannot cancel or refund the order. Cancellations must be made by telephoning the shop,See the Contact Page for the number. We reserve the right to cancel any order, before or after acceptance, and will notify you immediately of any such cancellation. You will not be charged for cancelled orders made in accordance with these cancellation provisions.
COMPLAINTS
All complaints will be investigated on an individual basis. We will take appropriate action as a result of our findings and any refund will be made at our discretion.
PRICE AND PAYMENT
The price of any Products will be as quoted on our website and mobile app may vary from time to time, except in cases of obvious error. Prices include VAT. Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders placed that you have already paid for or where you have already checked-out and been presented with the confirmation screen in an online order. Should you choose to pay by credit or debit card via the websites or mobile app, once your order has been placed we will confirm acceptance of your order. Until confirmation of your order has been made, no payment will be taken from your card.
PART 2 – Privacy Policy
By visiting and/or ordering services on  the App (as such term is defined below) you agree and where required you  consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information as set out in  this policy
SCOPE OF POLICY
This policy (together with our end-user licence agreement (EULA)) and  any additional terms of use incorporated by reference into the EULA, together  Our Terms of Use) applies to your use of:
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data We collect  from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT  FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Submitted Information: information that you provide by filling in forms on Our Sites, including the Device's telephone number. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the App or any of the Services, subscribing to any of the Services, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Lezzetli, and when you report a problem with any of Our Sites.
Additional information:
if you contact us, We may keep a record of that correspondence;
We may also ask you for your views on our Services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the App or our or our Services
details of transactions you carry out through any of Our Sites and of the fulfilment of your orders or reservations; and
details of your visits to any of Our Sites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
Device information: We may collect information about the Device or any computer you may use to download or stream a copy of the App onto your Device, including, where available, the Device's or computer's unique Device identifiers, operating system, browser type and mobile network information as well as the Device's telephone number, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. We may associate Device information with Submitted Information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this policy for as long as it is combined.
Location information: when you use one of our location-enabled Services, We may collect and process information about your actual location. Some of these Services require your personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by using the contact information included below or updating your profile within the App
Log information: when you use the Services or view content on Our Sites, We may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs, including but not limited to internet protocol (IP) addresses, internet service provider (ISP), clickstream data, browser type and language, viewed and exit pages and date or time stamps.
Unique application numbers: when you install or uninstall a Service containing a unique application number or when such a Service searches for automatic updates, that number and information about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may be sent to us.
COOKIES
Our Sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of Our Sites.  This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the App or  browse Our Sites and also allows us to improve the App and Our Sites. For  detailed information on the cookies
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that  are required for the operation of the App. They include, for example, cookies  that enable you to log into secure areas of the App or use a shopping cart.
Analytical/performance  cookies.  They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how  visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to  improve the way our App works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding  what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to  recognise you when you return to our App. This enables us to personalise our  content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example,  your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your  visit to our App, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.  We will use this information to make our App and the advertising displayed on  it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with  third parties for this purpose.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows  you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
If cookies are already on your system, you can delete them - For more  information on cookies and deletion of cookies please visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies
.
Please be aware that deleting certain cookies can result in difficulties  when navigating around sites.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR  PERSONAL DATA
The data that We collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at,  a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be  processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our  suppliers. These staff may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request, order  or reservation, the processing of your payment details and the provision of  support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer,  storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure  that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any  payment transactions carried out by our chosen third-party provider of payment  processing services (will be encrypted. Where We  have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access  certain parts of Our Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password  confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not  completely secure. Although We will do our best to protect your personal data,  We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to Our Sites; any  transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received your information, We  will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised  access.
We may collect and store personal data on your Device using application  data caches and browser web storage and other technology.
USES MADE OF THE  INFORMATION
We use the information we collect for:
Processing your order or reservation and providing customer care  support;
Planning and managing our business activities, including analysing customers'
           shopping/reservations habits and preferences and administering the App;
Monitoring customer traffic patterns and App usage to help us develop  and improve the design and layout of the App;
Providing you with information about the products and services we offer  and for cross marketing purposes by providing you with offers from limited  third parties which we believe will be of genuine interest to you.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your  details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant  box situated on the form on which We collect your data or update your profile  accordingly.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR  INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group,  which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its  subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 and to Lezzetli.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that We sell or buy any business or assets, in which case  We may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such  business or assets.
If We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order  to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
In order to:
enforce or apply the EULA, Our Terms of Use and other agreements or to  investigate potential breaches; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us or Lezzetli, our customers, or others.
               This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations
               for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
Our Sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites  of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited  to, websites on which the App or the Services are advertised). If you follow a  link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services  that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that We  do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any  personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as  contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any  personal data to these websites or use these services.
You have the right to see the information we hold about you (Access Request) and to ask us to make  any changes to ensure that it is accurate and up to date. If you wish to do  this, please contact us using the contact details set out in section 8 above.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes We may make to our privacy policy in the future will be  posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you when you next start  the App or log onto one of Our Sites. The new terms may be displayed on-screen  and you may be required to read and accept them to continue your use of the App  or the Services.