Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform our users with information on how we collect, use or share the information collect from you.
Thank you for using HugMe and for your interest in our applications, websites, content, products and services ("Services") offered by our company ("HugMe" or "us"). When you use our services, you will share some information with us. For this reason, we want to disclose the information we collect, how we use it, who we share it with, and the choices we give you to control, access, and update your information.
1. Obtain Information
We collect information about your device and network connection to provide you with a better experience when using our application. In order to have a better experience, I may request that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information when using our services. The information I have requested will be retained on your device and I will not collect it in any way.
2. Cookies
Cookies are files that contain a small amount of data and are typically used as anonymous unique identifiers. This information will be sent from the website you visit to your browser and stored in the internal memory of the device. This service does not explicitly use these 'cookies'. However, the application may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You can choose to accept or reject these cookies and know when to send them to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of this service.
3. Data
We do not collect your activity logs, including not recording browsing history, traffic destinations, data content, or DNS queries. The usage data we use includes your behavior and/or habit information when using the application program analysis to analyze and improve the user experience. We will not collect content that you may transfer or share in the application.
4. Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to third-party websites. This website may also contain advertisements from other companies. When you click on a third-party link in an application, service or website, you may leave the application, service or website. We do not collect your information through this Privacy Policy and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to applications, services or otherwise accessed website. The inclusion of links or accessibility to third-party websites does not imply our endorsement of such third-party websites.
5. Security
We are very concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and use. Please note that no security measures we take to protect your information can absolutely guarantee protection against unauthorized access or use of information that is impenetrable to you.
6. Changes to This Privacy Policy
Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. If such change has been made, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of our app or services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those changes.
7. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, don't hesitate to get in touch with us at：
HugMeFeedback@proton.me