Don't Time the Market. Take Time in the Market.
Start SIP
Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Motilal Oswal Asset Management Company Limited (MOAMC). The domain name www.motilaloswalmf.com (hereinafter referred to as "Website") is owned by MOAMC, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having its registered office at 10th Floor, Motilal Oswal Tower, Rahimtullah Sayani Marg, Opp. Parel S.T. Depot, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400025 (hereinafter to be referred as “MOAMC”).
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, wherever the context so requires the term "You" or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person including Online and offline clients and the term "We", "Us", "Our" shall mean MOAMC.
We, at MOAMC, acknowledge and accept that the personal details that you impart to us, is to be kept in strict confidentiality and to use the information only in the manner which would be beneficial to our customers. We consider our relationship with you as invaluable and strive to respect and safeguard your right to privacy. We shall protect the personal details received from you with the same degree of care, but no less than a reasonable degree of care, to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination, or publication of these information as we protect our own confidential information of a like nature. We shall use the personal information to improve our service to you and to keep you updated about our new product or information that may be of interest to you. The information collected from you would be used in the right spirit and context in which it is intended to be used. Your information would be used by us to process your trading request and to carry out the settlements of your obligations.
We understand clearly that You and Your Personal Information is one of our most important assets. We store and process Your Information including any sensitive financial information collected (as defined under the Information Technology Act, 2000), if any, on computers that may be protected by physical as well as reasonable technological security measures and procedures in accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and Rules thereunder. If You object to Your Information being transferred or used in this way, please do not provide the details of your information on the Website.
To ensure security of access to the personal information and transaction details, the access to the secured zone of our website is restricted by the unique login ID and Password and PAN Login selected/provided by you. You should be very careful in handling the same and you should ensure that you do not reveal it to anybody, nor do you keep it in writing. You should keep changing your password periodically, wherever required. We and our affiliates will share/sell/transfer/license/convey some or all of your personal information with another business entity to carry out any business activity or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business or for any other reason whatsoever. Once you provide your information to us, you provide such information to us and our affiliate and we and our affiliate may use such information to provide you various services with respect to your transaction conducted on www.motilaloswalmf.com. Our policy on the collection and use of personal information and other information is outlined below.
By using the MOAMC and/or registering yourself at www. motilaloswalmf.com you authorize MOAMC(including its representatives, affiliates, and its business partners) to contact you via email, Whatsapp, phone call or sms and offer you our services for the product you have opted for, imparting product knowledge, offer promotional offers running on MOAMC, for which reasons your information may be collected in the manner as detailed under this Policy.
You hereby agree that you authorize MOAMC to contact you for the above mentioned purposes even if you have registered yourself under DND or DNC or NCPR service(s). Your authorization, in this regard, shall be valid as long as your account is not deactivated by either you or us.
Business Whatsapp
• By subscribing to MOAMC. Business Whatsapp alerts/notification services, you agree to get your personal notifications via Whatsapp including portfolio holding and alerts, partial & pending order transaction details, research recommendations, new offerings etc. On your registered mobile number with MOAMC Via Whatsapp.
• The responses received by you from MOAMC. Chat messenger are based on program running at back-end. This program has been developed and regularly enhanced to handle the queries in best possible manner. However for any inappropriate answers, MOAMC. Shall not be held responsible. You can email at digitalsupport@hdfcsec.com.
• You agree that you shall not have any claim against the Exchange or MOAMC. On account of any suspension, interruption, non-availability or malfunctioning of the service due to any link/mobile/system failure at MOAMC. End for any reason thereof.
• Under no circumstances shall MOAMC, or its agents, affiliated companies, officers, directors, employees, and contractors be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, this service or for receipt of any answer provided by MOAMC. Program running at the back-end.
• You understand that using Whatsapp application may carry extra risks and may not be secured. Further any message and information exchanged is subject to the risk of being read, interrupted, intercepted, or defrauded by third party or otherwise subject to manipulation by third party or involve delay in transmission MOAMC. Shall not be responsible or liable to you or any third party for the consequences arising out of or in connection with using of this service. You are aware that it may not be possible for Motilal Oswal Asset Management Company Ltd. to give detailed information on the service functionalities.
• You are responsible for keeping security safeguard of your Whatsapp account linked to your registered mobile number. You are aware that using Mobile app involves many uncertain factors and complex software, hardware, systems, etc. Which are susceptible to interruptions and dislocations by MOAMC. Do not make any representation or warranty that the service will be available at all times without any interruption and further that by MOAMC. Shall not be responsible for any variation, reduction or imposition of the terms or the Client’s inability to use the Mobile app by MOAMC. Has the right to retract the service anytime it deems fit.
• These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time and will be updated at by MOAMC. Discretion without notice.
ALERTS/ONLINE INFORMATION
MOAMC may send automatic alerts and voluntary account-related alerts from time to time. Certain voluntary account alerts may be turned on by default, as part of the Services. You may customize, deactivate or reactivate these voluntary alerts based on your individual preferences and options available. MOAMC may add new alerts (automatic/voluntary/compulsory) from time to time, or cease to provide certain alerts at any time, upon its sole discretion. Each alert has different options available and you may be asked to select from among these options on activation of your alerts service.
The alerts will be sent to you electronically on your email address and/or mobile number as per your most recent Registration Information available with MOAMC. You can also choose to have alerts sent to a mobile device that accepts text messages. Changes to your email address or mobile number will apply to all of your alerts. You hereby agree and consent to receive all communication from MOAMC including transactional alerts, promotional, marketing and commercial communication at the mobile number provided, even if this mobile number is registered under DND/NCPR list under TRAI regulations.
However, sending of short messaging service (SMS) alerts are subject to TRAI regulations and also to your telecom service provider, as may be applicable from time to time. MOAMC cannot be held responsible for non-delivery or delay in delivery of SMS alerts to your mobile number.
You agree and understand that alerts are not encrypted. Alerts may include some of your personal and sensitive information. Depending on which alerts you select, information such as an account balance or the due date for your credit card payment may be included. Anyone with access to your email/mobile will be able to view the content of these alerts; therefore, you should take proper care to prevent any unauthorized access to the said alerts to protect your own interest.
While MOAMC would endeavor to provide alerts under the Services in a timely and accurate manner, you understand and agree that any such alerts may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors. You agree that MOAMC shall not be liable for any delays, failure to deliver, or misdirected delivery of any alert; for any errors in the content of an alert; or for any actions taken or not taken by you or any third party, on the reliance of an alert. Further, the delivery of alert messages are subject to compliance of any local laws or guidelines, as may be enforced from time to time and you agree to abide by such compliance requirement, as and when notified by governing authorities.
Non-Transferable
Your right to use the website is not transferable. Any password, right or access given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable.
Collection Of Sensitive Personal Data Or Information
MOAMC may for the purpose of rendering its services, collect personal information such as:
Name, gender, residential / correspondence address, telephone number, date of birth, marital status, email address or other contact information;
PAN, KYC Status, Signature and Photograph;
Bank account or other payment instrument details; or any other detail for providing services.
MOAMC offers online platform System for carrying out trade transaction that collects such personal data or information to process your financial and non-financial transaction requests. This facility enables the investors to transact online through the official website https://www.motilaloswalmf.com/investonline/. Accordingly, the said website will also be considered as an official point of acceptance. Investors can execute transactions online for purchase, switch, Systematic Investment Plan (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan and Redemption for units of schemes of Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund and other services as may be introduced by Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund from time to time. The information so collected shall be shared with SEBI/ NSE/ BSE/ MCX / Registrar and Transfer Agents of Mutual Fund and Alternative Investment Funds/Collecting Banks/KYC Registration Agencies (KRAs), Third Party Vendors of Mutual Fund, Portfolio Management Services, Alternative Investment Funds, etc. solely for the purpose of processing your transaction requests and for serving you better.
Under certain circumstances we may be required to share the information given by you with the third parties, where we feel they can contribute to add value and improve the quality of services imparted by us to you. We shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the confidentiality of your information is maintained by imposing strict confidentiality standards on all the third parties with whom we part these information. In all circumstances we shall ensure that your personal information is protected by strict confidentiality agreement. We shall not allow any third parties to retain your personal information longer than what is warranted by the nature of services rendered. We would also impart your personal information wherever it is required to be disclosed under law to any of the governmental agency or regulatory bodies. By agreeing to avail the service offered by MOAMC you have agreed to the collection and use of your Sensitive Personal Data or Information by MOAMC. You always have the right to refuse or withdraw your consent to share/dissemination of your Sensitive Personal Data or Information by contacting the customer care. However, in such an event, you would no longer avail the services of MOAMC.
Communications
When You use the Website or send emails or other data, information or communication to us, You agree and understand that You are communicating with Us through electronic records and You consent to receive communications via electronic records from Us periodically and as and when required. We may communicate with you by email or by such other mode of communication, electronic or otherwise.
Log File Information Collected And Stored Automatically
If you visit/ log into our website just to browse, read pages or download information, we gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information cannot and does not identify you personally.
When you register with or view our site, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit our website. The kind of information that is gathered automatically include the type of browser you are using (e.g. Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), the type of Operating System you are using (e.g. Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time of your visit and the pages on our website. We sometimes use this information to improve our website(s) design, content and primarily to give you a better browsing experience.
This notice/policy is not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in favour of any user or viewer of
www.motilaloswalmf.com
or on behalf of any other party. However, users and viewers are informed that by using the website
www.motilaloswalmf.com
, they are deemed to have consented to the collection and use of information by MOAMC as stated above.
Wizmo | Invest as you spend
Terms and Conditions
1. Round-Ups
Round-Ups are a feature that facilitates the investment of money in a Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund scheme based on spends a user makes in his or her daily life.
1.1 Definitional clauses
"Business Day" means a weekday when mutual funds are traded and banks are open for business."Deposit" means a transfer of money from your Funding Source to Motilal Oswal Asset Management Company (MOAMC) and the subsequent crediting of your folio by MOAMC of the money received. "Funding Source" means a bank account in your name that you use to send money to and receive money from your Account. "Fund Minimum" means MOAMC's investment minimum for the Round-Up Scheme. "Mobile Application" means the mobile application owned and hosted by Service Provider and licensed to MOAMC. "Payment Method(s)" means the types of payment that can generate a Round-Up when used to purchase goods or services. This may include credit card, debit card, UPI, netbanking, wallet (e.g., Paytm, Google Pay), gift cards, and other forms of payment that generate an SMS on your mobile phone following a purchase transaction. "Pending Round-Up Total" means the sum of all Pending Round-Ups. "Pending Round-Up" means a Round-Up that was generated after the most recent Round-Up Deposit. "Purchase Amount" means the amount of a purchase of goods or services that you make using a Payment Method. "Round-Up Increment" means INR 50 or some other number of rupees that you may change in your User Settings. "Rounded-Up Amount" means the smallest multiple of the Round-Up Increment that is greater than the Purchase Amount, absent any other rule or user setting to the contrary. "Round-Up" means the difference between the Purchase Amount and the Rounded-Up Amount. "Round-Up Deposit" means a Deposit initiated automatically in accordance with a mandate created in MOAMC’s name to enable automatic debits from your bank account to fund Round-Up investments. The amount of the Round-Up Deposit is equal to the Pending Round-Up Total. Your Round Up Deposit will be processed on Business Days on which it equals at least the Fund Minimum. "Round-Up Purchase" means the automatic purchase of mutual fund units in your Folio in the Round-Up Scheme. "Round-Up Scheme" means the MOAMC scheme in which Round-Ups are invested. "Service Provider" means Braveheart Labs Pvt. Ltd.
1.2 Permissions and consents
You acknowledge and agree that you must use the Mobile Application to use the Round Ups feature of your Account. If you use the Round-Ups feature, you will be asked to give permission for the Mobile Application to access the SMS that is generated when you make a purchase transaction using a Payment Method. This access enables the identification of the Purchase Amount. You may revoke this permission at any time, in which case the Round-Ups feature will be disabled.
You hereby expressly authorize and consent to MOAMC and Service Provider sharing your personal data and transaction data with each other. This data sharing is required for the Mobile Application to onboard you as an investor, compute and invest your Round-Ups, display your invested units, and otherwise function as intended.
1.3 Round-up processing
Each Business Day that the Pending Round-Up Total equals at least the Fund Minimum, you authorize MOAMC to initiate a Round-Up Deposit and a Round-Up Purchase in an amount corresponding to the Pending Round-Up Total. For the Round-Up Deposit, you authorize MOAMC to initiate a transfer of the Pending Round-Up Total from your Funding Source to MOAMC. For the Round-Up Purchase, you authorize MOAMC to apply the amount of the Round-Up Deposit to the purchase of mutual fund units for investment in your folio in the Round-Up Scheme, with the allotment of units to occur per the Terms and Conditions listed in the Scheme Information Document of the Round-Up Scheme. You agree that the Round-Up Deposit and the Round-Up Purchase will be made automatically, without requiring a one-time password ("OTP") from you, pursuant to a bank mandate. The Round-Up Purchase shall be made after the Round Up Deposit is received by MOAMC in accordance with MOAMC's normal processing times.
1.4 Limitation of liability
In no event shall MOAMC or the Service Provider be liable if a purchase of goods or services, or the amount or location of such purchase, is misidentified in connection with generating your Round-Ups. Nor shall MOAMC or the Service Provider be liable if any third party or any technology infrastructure causes a delay or omission in identifying or investing a Round-Up.You agree that MOAMC and/or the Service Provider in their sole discretion may make adjustments to the rules and algorithms identifying transactions eligible for Round-Ups and rounding up Purchase Amounts.
1.5 Maintaining sufficient funds
It is your responsibility to maintain sufficient funds in your Funding Source to enable a Round-Up Deposit so as not to incur an insufficient funds fee. Neither MOAMC nor the Service Provider shall be liable for insufficient funds fees, mandate setup fees, or any other fees charged by your bank.
1.6 Communications
You hereby expressly agree to receive communication (including transactional messages) or by way of SMS, email, WhatsApp, or other standard means of communication from MOAMC or the Service Provider in connection with your use of the Mobile Application.
Cookies and Tracking Technology
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies save your time, for example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a Site; a cookie recalls your specific information on subsequent visits. www.motilaloswalmf.com also uses cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. You may accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; however you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. In addition to cookies, our site uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, which may include web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites. www.motilaloswalmf.com also uses these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our web site, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our web site.
Updating or Reviewing Your Sensitive Personal Data Or Information
You may upon written request to us review the sensitive personal data or information provided. MOAMC shall ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible.
Reasonable Security Practices for Protecting Information
MOAMC uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. MOAMC cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to MOAMC and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, MOAMC makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
To protect your privacy and security, MOAMC take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from MOAMC, at all times.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website sometimes has links to other website(s) in the World Wide Web. The privacy policies of these website(s) are not under our control. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a MOAMC logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by MOAMC. Although we choose our business partners carefully, MOAMC is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Disclaimer as to Loss
​Although, we take appropriate steps to maintain the security of Personal Information we collect from you. But you must understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended. MOAMC assumes no responsibility of whatsoever nature as to make good the losses and damages you may incur, due to privacy and/or security breach of your Personal Information.
Notification Procedures
MOAMC provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Website page, as determined by MOAMC in its sole discretion. MOAMC reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Please note that this policy may change from time to time. If MOAMC change its privacy policies and procedures, MOAMC will post those changes on MOAMC website to keep you/users aware of what information MOAMC collect, how MOAMC use it and under what circumstances MOAMC may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Please visit our website to keep yourself abreast of any changes to this policy.
Grievance Redressal
MOAMC will not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any personal information of its investors/ users. Upon obtaining knowledge by itself or been brought to actual knowledge by an affected person in writing or through email signed with electronic signature about any such information MOAMC shall act and where applicable, work with user or owner of such information to disable such information that is in contravention. Further the intermediary shall preserve such information and associated records for at least ninety days for investigation purposes. In case, you suffer as a result of access or usage of computer resource by any person in violation of rule can notify your complaints against such access or usage of computer resource of MOAMC. The Grievance Officer shall redress the complaints within one month from the date of receipt of complaint.
MOAMC shall report cyber security incidents (if any) and also share cyber security incidents related information with the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team, as may be applicable from time to time.
Grievance Officer
Mr. Juzer Dalal - Investor Relations Officer
Motilal Oswal Asset Management Co. 10th Floor,
Motilal Oswal Tower, Rahimtullah Sayani Road, Opp.
Parel ST Depot, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400025.
Email:
amc@motilaloswal.com
Contact No.:
+91 81086 22222
/
+91 22 4054 8002