Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is part of our Terms of Service.
Below, we describe our Privacy Policy which informs you of the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Identifiable Information.
Please read it carefully as it will help to make decisions about whether to share your personal information with us.
We promise that we collect and use the information from you in order to provide and improve our services only.
Use of collected user information
We use the collected information solely for the purpose of tracking bugs, improving the Application functionality, and enhancing user experience.
We also may use third-party services including and not limited to; Google Admob for advertisements, and Firebase analytics in our applications.
Personal Information
We do not collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download, or upgrade our products. We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
• Your prior permission;
• By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
• By requests from public and governmental authorities;
• To protect our legal rights and interests.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you do not send us, and you do not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background, or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
Children
We do not provide a service focused on Children. If you are under 13, you may use our application or services when you are with a parent or guardian.
Changes to this privacy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically.
CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us anytime.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it