NAVIGATION
Home
Services
Product design
Project management
Prototyping
Manufacturing
Additional services
Why choose us
Our technologies
Bluetooth
RFID, NFC
GSM, 3G and 4G
LoRa
Other wireless
Internet of Things (IOT)
Power electronics
Signal processing
About us
Our experience
Testimonials
Privacy and confidentiality
Inventors
Gallery
Contact
Home
/
About us
/
Privacy and confidentiality
Privacy and confidentiality
BrainSystems is strongly committed to protecting your privacy while interacting with our content, products and services. Should we ask you to provide certain information then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

							BrainSystems may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Use of personal information
BrainSystems will only use the personal information you have chosen to provide us for the purpose for which you provided it. BrainSystems will not use it for any other purpose without your consent.
Disclosure
BrainSystems will under no circumstances, unless required by law, disclose any confidential information to third parties without your prior consent.
Collection of information
We may collect the following information: Name, Company Name, Contact details, Other information relevant to services and enquiries
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service.
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our services.
								We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
								We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.