Credits are used to watch lectures, read research reviews, access event recordings and tools. You receive 15 credits per month for free. Upgrade to premium to get unlimited access.
Upgrade to Premium
Content
Free
Premium
Masterclasses
7
Free 🎉
Research Reviews
5
Free 🎉
Hangouts
3
Free 🎉
Q&A's
3
Free 🎉
Journal Clubs
3
Free 🎉
Tools
1
Free 🎉
Privacy Policy of Physiotutors
Physiotutors collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document contains
a section dedicated to California consumers and their privacy rights
.
This document contains
a section dedicated to Virginia consumers and their privacy rights
.
This document contains
a section dedicated toBrazilian Users and their privacy rights
.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Owner and Data Controller
Physiotutors
Industrieweg 81
1115AD Duivendrecht
The Netherlands
Dutch chamber of commerce: 66817382
EU VAT: NL856709499B01
Owner contact email:
app@physiotutors.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Physiotutors collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Trackers; Usage Data;number of Users; session statistics; geography/region; number of sessions; session duration; in-app purchases; Application opens; launches; email address; first name; last name; date of birth; payment info; billing address; username; password; profile picture.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specificexplanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Physiotutors.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Physiotutors is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Physiotutors to provide its services. In cases where Physiotutors specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of Cookies – orof other tracking tools — by Physiotutors or by the owners of third-party services used by Physiotutors serves the purpose ofproviding the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Physiotutors.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Physiotutors (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containingdetails about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity,as well as the following: Analytics, Beta Testing, Contacting the User, Handling payments, Managing contacts and sending messagesand Registration and authentication provided directly by Physiotutors.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information onthe processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics 4 (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Physiotutors, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. In Google Analytics 4,IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learnmore by consulting
Google’s official documentation
.
Personal Data processed: number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing:Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Configor Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
Physiotutors uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; geography/region; in-app purchases; launches; number of sessions; session duration; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data.
This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Beta Testing
This type of service makes it possible to manage User access to Physiotutors, or parts of it, for the purpose of testing a certain feature or the entire Application.
The service provider may automatically collect data related to crashes and statistics related to the User's use of Physiotutors in a personally identifiable form.
TestFlight (Apple Inc.)
TestFlight is a beta testing service provided by Apple Inc. Personal Dataprocessed: email address; first name; last name. Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (Physiotutors)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Physiotutors. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to Physiotutors or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: date of birth; email address; first name; last name. Category ofpersonal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Handling payments
Unless otherwise specified, Physiotutors processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers. Physiotutors isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
Stripe (Stripe Payments Europe, Limited)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Payments Europe, Limited.
Personal Data processed: billing address; email address; first name; last name; payment info. Place of processing:European Union –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
MailerLite (UAB "Mailerlite")
MailerLite is an email address management and message sending service provided by UAB "Mailerlite". Personal Data processed: date of birth; email address; first name; last name.
Place of processing: Lithuania –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
a sharing according to the CCPA
targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Registration and authentication provided directly by Physiotutors
By registering or authenticating, Users allow Physiotutors to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for theprovision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (Physiotutors)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to Physiotutors.
Personal Data processed: date of birth; email address; first name; last name; password; profile picture; username.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre- contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task thatis carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill suchpurposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevantsections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right torectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consentto the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carriedout on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner willnot process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured,commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governedby public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner tosafeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects toprocessing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Suchrequests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Userswith the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated bythe Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involvesdisproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Further information for Users in Switzerland
This section applies to Users in Switzerland, and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the personal data, if any, the retention period and further information about Personal Data can be found in
the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document
.
The rights of Users according to the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data within the limits of law, including the following:
right of access to Personal Data;
right to object to the processing of their Personal Data (which also allows Users to demand that processing of Personal Data berestricted, Personal Data be deleted or destroyed, specific disclosures of Personal Data to third parties be prohibited);
right to receive their Personal Data and have it transferred to another controller (data portability);
right to ask for incorrectPersonal Data to be corrected.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Suchrequests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible, providing Users with the information required by law.
Further information for Users in Brazil
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the entity running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral deProteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information containedin the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information; the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures; protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing ofPersonal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information; access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof; obtain information aboutthe third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided inthis document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in asimplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of yourpersonal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of theprocessing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enablesuch third parties to also comply with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life orphysical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement;
when the transfer isnecessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Futher information for California consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are
consumers residing in thestate of California, United States of America, according to the "California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018" (the "CCPA"), as updated bythe "California Privacy Rights Act" (the
"CPRA") and subsequent regulations. For such consumers, this section supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the terms “personal information” (and “sensitive personal information”) as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Notice at collection
Categories of personal information collected, used, sold, or shared
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we've collected, used, sold, or shared and the purposesthereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data and audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
We have collected the following categories of sensitive personal information: payment info, username and password
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
Your right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information and how you can exercise it
You have the right to request that we limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only that which is necessaryto perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer.
We can also use your sensitive personal information to perform specific purposes set forth by the law (such as, including but notlimited to, helping to ensure security and integrity; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service) andas authorized by the relevant regulations.
Outside of the aforementioned specific purposes, you have the right to freely request, at any time, that we do not use or discloseyour sensitive personal information. This means that whenever you ask us to stop using your sensitive personal information, we willabide by your request and we will instruct our service providers and contractors to do the same.
To fully exercise your right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information you can contact us at any time,using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal information collected from you in connection with the submission of your request solely for the purposes of complying with the request.
Once you have exercised this right, we are required to wait at least 12 months before asking whether you have changed your mind.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of Physiotutors and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless stated otherwise inside the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section, we will not retain your personalinformation for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) they have been collected for.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above-mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use Physiotutors.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on Physiotutors. You alsoprovide personal information indirectly when you navigate Physiotutors, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected.
Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioningof this Application and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
For our purposes, the word “third party” means a person who is not any of the following: a service provider or a contractor, asdefined by the CCPA.
We disclose your personal information with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on theprocessing of Personal Data” within this document.
These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with thedifferent purposes of processing.
Sale or sharing of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring orotherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means, a consumer's personal information by the business to
a thirdparty, for monetary or other valuable consideration
”, as defined by the CCPA.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or views,or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins and the like.
For our purposes, the word “sharing” means any “sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged”, as defined by the CCPA.
Please note that the exchange of personal information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets therequirements set by the CCPA, does not constitute a sale or sharing of your personal information.
Your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information and how you can exercise it
We sell or share your personal information with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
These third parties are grouped and categorized inaccordance with the different purposes of processing.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. This means that whenever you request us to stopselling or sharing your personal information, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any verifiable request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Physiotutors.
If you want to submit requests to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control, like theGlobal Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner (as defined in theCPRA regulations). The GPC consists of a setting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websitescan use to indicate they support the GPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a
participating browser
or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
We use any personal information collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for thepurposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Once you have opted out, we are required to wait at least 12 months before asking whether you have changed your mind.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of Physiotutors and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless stated otherwise inside the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section, we will not retain your personalinformation for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) they have been collected for.
Your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and how to exercise them
The right to access personal information: the right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories of personal information that we collect about you;
the sources fromwhich the personal information is collected;
the purposes for which we use yourinformation;
to whom we disclose such information;
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You also have
the right to know what personal information is sold or shared and to whom.
In particular, you have the right torequest two separate lists from us where we disclose:
the categories of personal information that we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom thepersonal information was sold or shared;
the categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons towhom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easily usable format toenable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance — provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on Physiotutors, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and notify any of our serviceproviders and all third parties to whom we have sold or shared the personal information to do so — provided that this is technicallyfeasible and doesn’t involve disproportionate effort.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information and to limit the use of your sensitive personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. You also have the right to request that we limit ouruse or disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
The right of no retaliation following opt-out or exercise of other rights (the right to non- discrimination)
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. This means that we will not discriminate against you, including, but not limited to, by denying goods or services, charging you a different price, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your consumer privacy rights.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to us or ask us to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for us to provide you with goods or services, we may not be able to complete thattransaction.
To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer you promotions, discounts, and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, orselling your personal information, provided that the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personalinformation.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personalinformation or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in ourpossession actually relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will use any personal informationcollected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for the purposes of verification and shall not further disclosethe personal information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a child under your parental authority. You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12-month period. Only with regard to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022, you have the right to request that we disclose information beyond the 12-month period, and we will provide them to youunless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
Further information for Virginia consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the controller running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposesof this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are
consumers residing in theCommonwealth of Virginia, according to the “Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act" (the "VCDPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting
information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the VCDPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the consumer, controller, processor, or an affiliate of the processor or the controller" as defined by the VCDPA.
Sale of your personal data
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “exchange of personal data for monetary consideration by us to a third party“ as defined by the VCDPA.
Please note that according to the VCDPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the VCDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal information may be considered a sale under VCDPA.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying advertisements to you where the advertisement is selectedbased on personal data obtained from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests" as defined by the VCDPA.
Please note that according to the VCDPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or online applications; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to awebsite or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for information or feedback; or processing personal data solely for measuring or reporting advertising performance, reach, or frequency”.
To find out more details on the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, you can read the section titled“Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you cancontact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Your privacy rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data: the right to know.
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
correct inaccurate personal data.
You have theright to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of thepersonal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data.
We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you totransfer data easily to another entity — provided that this is technically feasible.
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising
, the
sale of personal data
, or
profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
non-discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the VCDPA. This means that we willnot, among other things, deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods orservices just because you exercised your consumer privacy rights. However, if you refuse to provide your personal data to us orask us to delete or stop selling your personal data, and that personal data or sale is necessary for us to provide you with goods orservices, we may not be able to complete that transaction. To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price,rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if you have exercisedyour right to opt out, or our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features,discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request.
Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existingaccount. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication,without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelatedpurposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the detailsprovided in this document. Within 60 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken inresponse to the appeal, including a
written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied you may contact theAttorney General to submit a complaint.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to two requests per year. If your request is manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them.
Further information for Colorado consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the controller running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in theState of Colorado, according to the “Colorado Privacy Act" (the "CPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possiblydivergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the CPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of PersonalData” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller,processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." as defined by the CPA.
Sale of your personal data
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the CPA.
For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the CPA.
Please note that according to the CPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the CPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data,we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Physiotutors.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personaldata for targeted advertising purposes.
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based onpersonal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online servicesto predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by CPA.
Please note that according to the CPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements directed to a consumer in response to theconsumer's request for information or feedback; advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or onlineapplications or any affiliated website or online application; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query,visit to an internet web site or online application; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising frequency, performance or reach”.
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Universal opt-out mechanism: Global privacy control
If you want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of personal data or the targeted advertising via a user- enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The GPC consists of asetting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support theGPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
Your privacy rights under the Colorado Privacy Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
correct inaccurate personal data. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintainabout you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you totransfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.
In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of anyof your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer adifferent price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer isrelated to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request.
Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existingaccount. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication,without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelatedpurposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the detailsprovided in this document. Within 45 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken inresponse to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied you may contact theAttorney General to submit a complaint.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to two requests per year.
Further information for Connecticut consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the controller running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies o all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the Stateof Connecticut, according to “An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring " (also known as "The Connecticut Data Privacy Act" or the “CTDPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting informationcontained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the CTDPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of PersonalData” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller, processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." as defined by the CTDPA.
Sale of your personal data
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the CTDPA.
For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the CTDPA.
Please note that according to the CTDPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the CTDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data,we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personaldata for targeted advertising purposes.
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based onpersonal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across non affiliated websites, applications, or online services to predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by CTDPA.
Please note that according to the CTDPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own web sites or online applications; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit toan internet web site or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for informationor feedback; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising frequency, performance or reach”.
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Universal opt-out mechanism: Global privacy control
If you want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of personal data or the targeted advertising via a user- enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The GPC consists of asetting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support theGPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
Your privacy rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
correct inaccurate personal data. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintainabout you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of anyof your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer adifferent price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer isrelated to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request.
Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existingaccount. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication,without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelatedpurposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the detailsprovided in this document. Within 45 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken inresponse to the appeal, including a
written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may contact theAttorney General to submit a complaint.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year.
Further information for Utah consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the controller running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the Stateof Utah, according to the “Consumer Privacy Act" (the “UCPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergentor conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the UCPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of PersonalData” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person other than: the consumer, controller, or processor; or an affiliate orcontractor of the controller or the processor" as defined by the UCPA.
Sale of your personal data
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the UCPA.
For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the UCPA.
Please note that according to the UCPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the UCPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data,we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personaldata for targeted advertising purposes.
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based onpersonal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online servicesto predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by UCPA.
Please note that according to the UCPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within acontroller's own websites or online applications or any affiliated website or online application; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to an web site or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in responseto the consumer's request for information, product, a service or feedback; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising performance, reach or frequency.”
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Your privacy rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data.
In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of anyof your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer adifferent price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer isrelated to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. We may retain your email address to respond toyour request.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Physiotutors or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Physiotutors may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Physiotutors and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction withPhysiotutors (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please seethe contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possiblywithin Physiotutors and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available tothe Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Further information for Users in Brazil
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the entity running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral deProteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information containedin the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on theprocessing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing ofPersonal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information; access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof; obtain information aboutthe third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided inthis document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in asimplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of yourpersonal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of theprocessing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enablesuch third parties to also comply with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life orphysical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement; when the transfer isnecessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regularexercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number— allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Physiotutors (or third-party services employed in Physiotutors), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Physiotutors, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of thefile received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the countryof origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Physiotutors who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, asdescribed in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes andmeans of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Physiotutors. TheData Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Physiotutors.
Physiotutors (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Physiotutors as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to Physiotutors, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: November 02, 2023Credits are used to watch lectures, read research reviews, access event recordings and tools. You receive 15 credits per month for free. Upgrade to premium to get unlimited access.
Upgrade to Premium
Content
Free
Premium
Masterclasses
7
Free 🎉
Research Reviews
5
Free 🎉
Hangouts
3
Free 🎉
Q&A's
3
Free 🎉
Journal Clubs
3
Free 🎉
Tools
1
Free 🎉
Privacy Policy of Physiotutors
Physiotutors collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document contains
a section dedicated to California consumers and their privacy rights
.
This document contains
a section dedicated to Virginia consumers and their privacy rights
.
This document contains
a section dedicated toBrazilian Users and their privacy rights
.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Owner and Data Controller
Physiotutors
Industrieweg 81
1115AD Duivendrecht
The Netherlands
Dutch chamber of commerce: 66817382
EU VAT: NL856709499B01
Owner contact email:
app@physiotutors.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Physiotutors collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Trackers; Usage Data;number of Users; session statistics; geography/region; number of sessions; session duration; in-app purchases; Application opens; launches; email address; first name; last name; date of birth; payment info; billing address; username; password; profile picture.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specificexplanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Physiotutors.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Physiotutors is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Physiotutors to provide its services. In cases where Physiotutors specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of Cookies – orof other tracking tools — by Physiotutors or by the owners of third-party services used by Physiotutors serves the purpose ofproviding the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Physiotutors.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Physiotutors (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containingdetails about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity,as well as the following: Analytics, Beta Testing, Contacting the User, Handling payments, Managing contacts and sending messagesand Registration and authentication provided directly by Physiotutors.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information onthe processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics 4 (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Physiotutors, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. In Google Analytics 4,IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learnmore by consulting
Google’s official documentation
.
Personal Data processed: number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing:Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Configor Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
Physiotutors uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; geography/region; in-app purchases; launches; number of sessions; session duration; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data.
This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Beta Testing
This type of service makes it possible to manage User access to Physiotutors, or parts of it, for the purpose of testing a certain feature or the entire Application.
The service provider may automatically collect data related to crashes and statistics related to the User's use of Physiotutors in a personally identifiable form.
TestFlight (Apple Inc.)
TestFlight is a beta testing service provided by Apple Inc. Personal Dataprocessed: email address; first name; last name. Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (Physiotutors)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Physiotutors. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to Physiotutors or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: date of birth; email address; first name; last name. Category ofpersonal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Handling payments
Unless otherwise specified, Physiotutors processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers. Physiotutors isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
Stripe (Stripe Payments Europe, Limited)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Payments Europe, Limited.
Personal Data processed: billing address; email address; first name; last name; payment info. Place of processing:European Union –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
MailerLite (UAB "Mailerlite")
MailerLite is an email address management and message sending service provided by UAB "Mailerlite". Personal Data processed: date of birth; email address; first name; last name.
Place of processing: Lithuania –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
a sharing according to the CCPA
targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Registration and authentication provided directly by Physiotutors
By registering or authenticating, Users allow Physiotutors to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for theprovision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (Physiotutors)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to Physiotutors.
Personal Data processed: date of birth; email address; first name; last name; password; profile picture; username.
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre- contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task thatis carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill suchpurposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevantsections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right torectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consentto the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carriedout on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner willnot process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured,commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governedby public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner tosafeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects toprocessing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Suchrequests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Userswith the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated bythe Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involvesdisproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Further information for Users in Switzerland
This section applies to Users in Switzerland, and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the personal data, if any, the retention period and further information about Personal Data can be found in
the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document
.
The rights of Users according to the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data within the limits of law, including the following:
right of access to Personal Data;
right to object to the processing of their Personal Data (which also allows Users to demand that processing of Personal Data berestricted, Personal Data be deleted or destroyed, specific disclosures of Personal Data to third parties be prohibited);
right to receive their Personal Data and have it transferred to another controller (data portability);
right to ask for incorrectPersonal Data to be corrected.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Suchrequests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible, providing Users with the information required by law.
Further information for Users in Brazil
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the entity running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral deProteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information containedin the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information; the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures; protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing ofPersonal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information; access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof; obtain information aboutthe third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided inthis document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in asimplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of yourpersonal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of theprocessing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enablesuch third parties to also comply with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life orphysical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement;
when the transfer isnecessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Futher information for California consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are
consumers residing in thestate of California, United States of America, according to the "California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018" (the "CCPA"), as updated bythe "California Privacy Rights Act" (the
"CPRA") and subsequent regulations. For such consumers, this section supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the terms “personal information” (and “sensitive personal information”) as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Notice at collection
Categories of personal information collected, used, sold, or shared
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we've collected, used, sold, or shared and the purposesthereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data and audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
We have collected the following categories of sensitive personal information: payment info, username and password
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
Your right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information and how you can exercise it
You have the right to request that we limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only that which is necessaryto perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer.
We can also use your sensitive personal information to perform specific purposes set forth by the law (such as, including but notlimited to, helping to ensure security and integrity; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service) andas authorized by the relevant regulations.
Outside of the aforementioned specific purposes, you have the right to freely request, at any time, that we do not use or discloseyour sensitive personal information. This means that whenever you ask us to stop using your sensitive personal information, we willabide by your request and we will instruct our service providers and contractors to do the same.
To fully exercise your right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information you can contact us at any time,using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal information collected from you in connection with the submission of your request solely for the purposes of complying with the request.
Once you have exercised this right, we are required to wait at least 12 months before asking whether you have changed your mind.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of Physiotutors and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless stated otherwise inside the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section, we will not retain your personalinformation for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) they have been collected for.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above-mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use Physiotutors.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on Physiotutors. You alsoprovide personal information indirectly when you navigate Physiotutors, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected.
Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioningof this Application and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
For our purposes, the word “third party” means a person who is not any of the following: a service provider or a contractor, asdefined by the CCPA.
We disclose your personal information with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on theprocessing of Personal Data” within this document.
These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with thedifferent purposes of processing.
Sale or sharing of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring orotherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means, a consumer's personal information by the business to
a thirdparty, for monetary or other valuable consideration
”, as defined by the CCPA.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or views,or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins and the like.
For our purposes, the word “sharing” means any “sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged”, as defined by the CCPA.
Please note that the exchange of personal information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets therequirements set by the CCPA, does not constitute a sale or sharing of your personal information.
Your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information and how you can exercise it
We sell or share your personal information with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
These third parties are grouped and categorized inaccordance with the different purposes of processing.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. This means that whenever you request us to stopselling or sharing your personal information, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any verifiable request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Physiotutors.
If you want to submit requests to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control, like theGlobal Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner (as defined in theCPRA regulations). The GPC consists of a setting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websitescan use to indicate they support the GPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a
participating browser
or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
We use any personal information collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for thepurposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Once you have opted out, we are required to wait at least 12 months before asking whether you have changed your mind.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of Physiotutors and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless stated otherwise inside the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section, we will not retain your personalinformation for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) they have been collected for.
Your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and how to exercise them
The right to access personal information: the right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories of personal information that we collect about you;
the sources fromwhich the personal information is collected;
the purposes for which we use yourinformation;
to whom we disclose such information;
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You also have
the right to know what personal information is sold or shared and to whom.
In particular, you have the right torequest two separate lists from us where we disclose:
the categories of personal information that we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom thepersonal information was sold or shared;
the categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons towhom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easily usable format toenable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance — provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on Physiotutors, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and notify any of our serviceproviders and all third parties to whom we have sold or shared the personal information to do so — provided that this is technicallyfeasible and doesn’t involve disproportionate effort.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information and to limit the use of your sensitive personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. You also have the right to request that we limit ouruse or disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
The right of no retaliation following opt-out or exercise of other rights (the right to non- discrimination)
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. This means that we will not discriminate against you, including, but not limited to, by denying goods or services, charging you a different price, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your consumer privacy rights.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to us or ask us to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for us to provide you with goods or services, we may not be able to complete thattransaction.
To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer you promotions, discounts, and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, orselling your personal information, provided that the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personalinformation.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personalinformation or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in ourpossession actually relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will use any personal informationcollected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for the purposes of verification and shall not further disclosethe personal information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a child under your parental authority. You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12-month period. Only with regard to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022, you have the right to request that we disclose information beyond the 12-month period, and we will provide them to youunless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
Further information for Virginia consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the controller running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposesof this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are
consumers residing in theCommonwealth of Virginia, according to the “Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act" (the "VCDPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting
information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the VCDPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the consumer, controller, processor, or an affiliate of the processor or the controller" as defined by the VCDPA.
Sale of your personal data
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “exchange of personal data for monetary consideration by us to a third party“ as defined by the VCDPA.
Please note that according to the VCDPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the VCDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal information may be considered a sale under VCDPA.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying advertisements to you where the advertisement is selectedbased on personal data obtained from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests" as defined by the VCDPA.
Please note that according to the VCDPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or online applications; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to awebsite or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for information or feedback; or processing personal data solely for measuring or reporting advertising performance, reach, or frequency”.
To find out more details on the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, you can read the section titled“Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you cancontact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Your privacy rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data: the right to know.
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
correct inaccurate personal data.
You have theright to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of thepersonal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data.
We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you totransfer data easily to another entity — provided that this is technically feasible.
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising
, the
sale of personal data
, or
profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
non-discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the VCDPA. This means that we willnot, among other things, deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods orservices just because you exercised your consumer privacy rights. However, if you refuse to provide your personal data to us orask us to delete or stop selling your personal data, and that personal data or sale is necessary for us to provide you with goods orservices, we may not be able to complete that transaction. To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price,rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if you have exercisedyour right to opt out, or our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features,discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request.
Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existingaccount. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication,without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelatedpurposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the detailsprovided in this document. Within 60 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken inresponse to the appeal, including a
written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied you may contact theAttorney General to submit a complaint.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to two requests per year. If your request is manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them.
Further information for Colorado consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the controller running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in theState of Colorado, according to the “Colorado Privacy Act" (the "CPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possiblydivergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the CPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of PersonalData” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller,processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." as defined by the CPA.
Sale of your personal data
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the CPA.
For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the CPA.
Please note that according to the CPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the CPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data,we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Physiotutors.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personaldata for targeted advertising purposes.
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based onpersonal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online servicesto predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by CPA.
Please note that according to the CPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements directed to a consumer in response to theconsumer's request for information or feedback; advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or onlineapplications or any affiliated website or online application; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query,visit to an internet web site or online application; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising frequency, performance or reach”.
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Universal opt-out mechanism: Global privacy control
If you want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of personal data or the targeted advertising via a user- enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The GPC consists of asetting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support theGPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
Your privacy rights under the Colorado Privacy Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
correct inaccurate personal data. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintainabout you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you totransfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.
In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of anyof your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer adifferent price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer isrelated to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request.
Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existingaccount. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication,without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelatedpurposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the detailsprovided in this document. Within 45 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken inresponse to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied you may contact theAttorney General to submit a complaint.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to two requests per year.
Further information for Connecticut consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the controller running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies o all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the Stateof Connecticut, according to “An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring " (also known as "The Connecticut Data Privacy Act" or the “CTDPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting informationcontained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the CTDPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of PersonalData” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller, processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." as defined by the CTDPA.
Sale of your personal data
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the CTDPA.
For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the CTDPA.
Please note that according to the CTDPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the CTDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data,we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personaldata for targeted advertising purposes.
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based onpersonal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across non affiliated websites, applications, or online services to predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by CTDPA.
Please note that according to the CTDPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own web sites or online applications; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit toan internet web site or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for informationor feedback; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising frequency, performance or reach”.
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Universal opt-out mechanism: Global privacy control
If you want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of personal data or the targeted advertising via a user- enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The GPC consists of asetting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support theGPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
Your privacy rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
correct inaccurate personal data. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintainabout you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of anyof your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer adifferent price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer isrelated to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request.
Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existingaccount. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication,without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelatedpurposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the detailsprovided in this document. Within 45 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken inresponse to the appeal, including a
written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may contact theAttorney General to submit a complaint.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year.
Further information for Utah consumers
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the controller running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the Stateof Utah, according to the “Consumer Privacy Act" (the “UCPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergentor conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the UCPA.
Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document
.
Categories of personal data we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocationdata and sensorial information
We do not collect sensitive data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you.
Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of PersonalData” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with the third parties
listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processingof Personal Data” within this document
. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposesof processing.
For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person other than: the consumer, controller, or processor; or an affiliate orcontractor of the controller or the processor" as defined by the UCPA.
Sale of your personal data
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the UCPA.
For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the UCPA.
Please note that according to the UCPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the UCPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you.
Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data,we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising
As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personaldata for targeted advertising purposes.
For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based onpersonal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online servicesto predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by UCPA.
Please note that according to the UCPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within acontroller's own websites or online applications or any affiliated website or online application; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to an web site or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in responseto the consumer's request for information, product, a service or feedback; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising performance, reach or frequency.”
Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you askus to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request.
To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document.
We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
Your privacy rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act and how to exercise them
You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.
request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.
obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.
opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data.
In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of anyof your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer adifferent price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer isrelated to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. We may retain your email address to respond toyour request.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at thelatest within 45 days of receipt of the request.
We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Physiotutors or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Physiotutors may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Physiotutors and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction withPhysiotutors (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please seethe contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possiblywithin Physiotutors and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available tothe Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Further information for Users in Brazil
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and isprovided by the entity running Physiotutors and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of thissection referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral deProteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information containedin the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on theprocessing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing ofPersonal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information; access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof; obtain information aboutthe third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided inthis document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in asimplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of yourpersonal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of theprocessing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enablesuch third parties to also comply with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life orphysical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement; when the transfer isnecessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regularexercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number— allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Physiotutors (or third-party services employed in Physiotutors), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Physiotutors, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of thefile received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the countryof origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Physiotutors who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, asdescribed in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes andmeans of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Physiotutors. TheData Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Physiotutors.
Physiotutors (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Physiotutors as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to Physiotutors, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: November 02, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/testflight/sren/terms.html:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
Suriname, English
Choose your country/region
Summary of Key Terms:
• Crash logs and statistical information related to your use of each Beta App will automatically be provided to Apple and the Application Provider as part of TestFlight.
• You may submit suggestions and ideas to the Application Provider of the Beta App.
• Beta Apps may crash and result in data loss in those Beta Apps.
• If you already have the full version of an app, installation of a Beta App may result in data loss.
• You can stop participating in a beta test for a Beta App by deleting the Beta App from your device.
-----
Your use of the TestFlight service (“TestFlight”), including any beta testing of any pre-release applications for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, or other Apple-branded hardware downloaded through TestFlight (“Beta Apps”), is governed by the following terms and conditions (“TestFlight Terms of Service”). Except as specifically amended below, full Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions for your region apply and are hereby incorporated by reference, and defined terms shall have the meanings set forth in the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions, except as noted herein. For the purpose of these TestFlight Terms of Service, the term “Licensed Application” shall include Beta Apps. See Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/.
Specific Terms for Beta-Testers
Children under the age of 13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted to use TestFlight. If you are 13 or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction or older, but under the age of 18, you should review this Agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to the following terms.
TestFlight is designed to help third-party developers (“Application Providers”) beta-test and improve the performance of their pre-release applications for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, or other Apple-branded hardware and to provide beta-testers with Beta Apps. If an Application Provider authorizes you as a beta-tester and you choose to download the corresponding Beta App from the Application Provider via TestFlight, then conditioned on your compliance with these TestFlight Terms of Service, the Application Provider grants you a limited, non- exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable license to access, download and use the Beta App for which you have been selected as a beta-tester and any related documentation available online, solely for beta- testing purposes for a limited time and subject to these TestFlight Terms of Service.
As between you and the Application Provider, and aside from the limited license set forth above, the Application Provider owns all right, title and interest in the Beta App, including but not limited to intellectual property rights. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you may not: (a) modify, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Beta App; (b) rent, lease, loan, sell, sublicense, distribute, transmit, or otherwise transfer any Beta App; (c) make any copy of or otherwise reproduce any Beta App; or (d) display any Beta App to unauthorized third parties without the Application Providerʼs authorization.
You agree to use reasonable efforts to beta-test any Beta App.
You acknowledge that you understand that Beta Apps are pre-release, alpha, or beta software and may be incomplete or could contain errors or inaccuracies. You should not use Beta Apps in a commercial operating environment or with important data. You should back up any data prior to using any Beta App on your Apple-branded device. Neither Apple nor the Application Provider shall be responsible for any costs, expenses or other liabilities you may incur as a result of using any Beta Apps, including but not limited to any damage, loss, or corruption of any software, information or data. Further, Beta Apps may not be compatible with production Apps. If you have a production version of a Beta App already installed on your Apple-branded device, you should back-up any data associated with such app prior to installing a beta version since data may be corrupted or lost between different versions of the same app. You expressly acknowledge and agree that any use of Beta Apps is done entirely at your own risk.
In addition, if you have the full version of an app installed on your device and you install the same Beta App, your app data may be corrupted or lost and may not be recoverable. You should back up your information before installing a Beta App. Solely for the purposes of testing a Beta App and only for the duration of such test, any in-app purchases made within the Beta App will be made available to you at no cost and such purchases will not be charged to your Account. If you purchase or download the App from the App Store, your data may not remain available from within the full version. We recommend that you back up your data before deleting the Beta App or purchasing the full version from the App Store.
Beta Apps provided by Apple and/or third-party developers may not be available in all languages or in all countries, and Apple makes no representation that the Beta Apps are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to access and use the Beta Apps through TestFlight, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. Beta Apps are time-limited and TestFlight may change, limit, or cease providing access to Beta Apps any time without notice or liability to you. You further understand and agree that certain information about a Beta App downloaded via TestFlight may not be available to you prior to download, including without limitation the Beta App's age rating, minimum hardware requirements, and the availability of items available for purchase within the Beta App (i.e. in-app purchases). By downloading a Beta App, you consent to using the Beta App without such information and disclosures.
You acknowledge and agree that you will not be compensated for evaluating any Beta App or for any Beta Input, and you will bear all of your own costs from using TestFlight and any Beta Apps (e.g., mobile carrier and data costs). Further, you hereby acknowledge and agree that the content contained in, and your use of, any Beta App that is not already publicly available shall be considered confidential unless the Application Provider explicitly authorizes public disclosure. You agree to hold the Beta App in confidence and to treat it as confidential, e.g., not share it with others who do not have the Beta App installed.
If you have a complaint about a Beta App, you should send it directly to the Application Provider. You acknowledge and agree that the Application Provider, not Apple, is fully responsible for any Beta App, unless Apple is the licensor of such Beta App.
Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback
When you use a Beta App through TestFlight, Apple and the Application Provider will automatically collect crash logs and usage data (“Beta Testing Data”) and you may not opt-out of the collection of Beta Testing Data.
TestFlight will also provide you with the ability to submit written or visual feedback (e.g., screenshots and comments) about the Beta Apps to Apple and/or Application Providers (“Beta Feedback”). If you submit Beta Feedback, you acknowledge and agree that you do so at your own initiative and that the Application Provider (including Apple, if it is Appleʼs Beta App) will have the right to use your Beta Feedback as set forth below. You represent to the Application Provider that you have all the necessary rights to give the Beta Feedback and to grant the rights to the Application Provider.
The Application Provider may use the Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback to improve their App and related products, and may contact you regarding your use of their Beta App. The Application Providerʼs use of Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback is subject to limitations and requirements set forth by Apple in the Apple Developer Program License Agreement and to the Application Providerʼs Privacy Policy. Apple may use the Beta Testing Data to improve its products and services.
Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback may include personally identifying information, including in the screenshots you provide, such as when a screenshot includes your photos or image and likeness, and information about your device, including but not limited to various unique device identifiers, hardware and operating system specifications, performance statistics, and data about how you use your device, system and application software, networking information, and peripherals. When you use TestFlight and the Beta App, details will be provided regarding what data is sent to Apple and the Application Provider, and how the information may be used. You can learn more by visiting https://testflight.apple.com/#privacy-data . At all times, Apple will handle your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.
Apple is committed to diversity and to providing a safe, harassment-free experience for everyone. Beta Feedback should be respectful and should not include offensive, malicious, or derogatory writing, images, or screenshots.
NO WARRANTY
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF TESTFLIGHT AND ANY BETA APP ACQUIRED VIA TESTFLIGHT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. BETA APPS MAY HAVE SOFTWARE, SERVICE, AND OTHER ERRORS AND YOUR USE OF TESTFLIGHT AND/OR BETA APPS DOWNLOADED VIA TESTFLIGHT MAY NOT BE CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, ERROR FREE, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE AND MAY NOT STORE DATA ACCURATELY OR AT ALL. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY OF TESTFLIGHT AND BETA APPS DOWNLOADED VIA TESTFLIGHT ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND MAY CEASE TO BE AVAILABLE TO YOU AT ANY TIME WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TESTFLIGHT, BETA APPS ACQUIRED VIA TESTFLIGHT, AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY TESTFLIGHT AND/OR SUCH BETA APPS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLE AND THE APPLICATION PROVIDER HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO TESTFLIGHT, THE BETA APPS, AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND THE APPLICATION PROVIDER DO NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF TESTFLIGHT AND/OR THE BETA APP, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY TESTFLIGHT AND/OR THE BETA APP WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE BETA APP OR TESTFLIGHT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE BETA APP OR TESTFLIGHT WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLICATION PROVIDER OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE BETA APP OR TESTFLIGHT PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Termination
To terminate your participation in beta-testing a particular Beta App, delete the Beta App from your device. Deleting the Beta App from your device will also delete any data you have generated within that Beta App, and may delete any data created in a previously installed full version of the App. Deleting the Beta App will not delete Beta Testing Data or Beta Input that you, TestFlight, or the Beta App have already provided to the Application Provider and Apple. To request deletion of your personal information, contact the Application Provider or Apple directly. Apple and/or the Application Provider reserve the right to terminate your participation in the beta testing of any Beta App at any time, in their sole discretion. By way of example, this termination may occur if you provide Beta Feedback that contains offensive and inappropriate images to the Application Provider.
06/21/2023
Sub-policy 2
https://stripe.com/ie/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.mailerlite.com/legal/privacy-policy:
By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, personalize advertising, and assist in our marketing efforts.
View our Cookie Policy
.
Cookies settings
Reject all
Accept all cookies
Allow selection
Strictly Necessary Cookies (46)
Show details
(Strictly Necessary Cookies)
These cookies are crucial to a website, they are necessary to provide you with Services available through our website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas, login-related cookies, which we use when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. You can refuse or delete these cookies, but in this case, our website page might not function properly.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
__cf_bm [x6]
MailerLite
Cloudflare
Twitter Inc.
Thinkific
Vimeo
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_thinkific_session
MailerLite
Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP Cookie
CookieConsent [x7]
Cookiebot
MailerLite
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1 year
HTTP Cookie
gbuuid [x5]
cdn.jsdelivr.net
This cookie is required to provide a consistent user experience to our website visitors.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
sso_session
MailerLite
This cookie maintains login state for the user and is used to recognize the user when he moves from page to page within a website and to remember any information the user has entered.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
XSRF-TOKEN [x3]
MailerLite
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
PHPSESSID
MailerLite
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP Cookie
persist:hs-beacon-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Maintains session states and tracks user interactions within the HubSpot Beacon tool, collecting data to analyze website performance and improve user engagement.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
persist:hs-beacon-message-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
This cookie is needed to store information about a message, if it is being created.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
mailerlite_session [x2]
MailerLite
Session cookie set by MailerLite
7 days
HTTP Cookie
theme
MailerLite
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
__jid
c.disquscdn.com
Used to add comments to the website and remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use said service.
Session
HTTP Cookie
disqusauth
c.disquscdn.com
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
Session
HTTP Cookie
test_cookie
Google
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_GRECAPTCHA
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
180 days
HTTP Cookie
ar_debug [x2]
Google
Adroll Group
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_grecaptcha
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
rc::a
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
rc::b
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML Local Storage
rc::c
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML Local Storage
rc::f
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
bcookie
LinkedIn
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
li_gc
LinkedIn
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
180 days
HTTP Cookie
dmn_chk_#
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
_gtmeec
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
This cookie allows to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. It helps us to know which pages are the most and least popular, and see how visitors move around the site.
Session
HTTP Cookie
_cfuvid
Vimeo
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
Session
HTTP Cookie
hex (32)
MailerLite
Used to manage server calls to the website's backend systems.
10 years
HTTP Cookie
Functional Cookies (19)
Show details
(Functional Cookies)
These cookies are used to improve the performance and functionality of our websites, allow to remember the choices you make, to provide enhanced and more personal features. Functional cookies will not track your activity on other websites. These cookies are not strictly necessary, however, without them, certain services may be unavailable.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
adroll#adroll [x5]
MailerLite
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Persistent
IndexedDB
lp_custom [x5]
MailerLite
Stores custom preferences or settings related to the website's functionality, providing users with a personalized browsing experience tailored to their preferences.
Session
HTML Local Storage
locale [x2]
MailerLite
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
10 days
HTTP Cookie
aet-dismiss
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
drafts.queue
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
submitted_posts_cache
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lidc
LinkedIn
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
lp_custom
MailerLite
Stores custom preferences or settings related to the website's functionality, providing users with a personalized browsing experience tailored to their preferences.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
partnero_session_uuid
app.partnero.com
A session identifier used by the Partnero service, essential for maintaining user session states and facilitating core functionality within the service.
10 years
HTTP Cookie
selectedLanguage
MailerLite
Stores the language selected by the user and ensures that the website is displayed in the preferred language.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
Performance Cookies (27)
Show details
(Performance Cookies)
These cookies help improve the way a website and Service work. They may measure usage of our website, track things, such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit. For example, performance cookies may show the most frequently visited pages, help to record any difficulties with a website and show whether advertising on a website is effective or not. Performance cookies do not collect Personal Data and all the information that is collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
__mp_opt_in_out_# [x2]
cdn.mxpnl.com
MailerLite
Tracks user preferences regarding opting in or out of tracking by Matomo analytics, while also collecting anonymized data on user interactions and behavior for website analysis and optimization purposes.
Session
HTTP Cookie
NRBA_SESSION
MailerLite
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ph_#_posthog [x3]
eu.posthog.com
MailerLite
Used to track anonymized user website activity for analytics purposes.
Session
HTTP Cookie
bounce
Appnexus
Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator.
Session
Pixel Tracker
ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2]
MailerLite
eu.posthog.com
Used to track anonymized user website activity for analytic purposes.
Session
HTML Local Storage
ph_#_window_id [x2]
MailerLite
eu.posthog.com
Used to track anonymized user website activity for analytics purposes.
Session
HTML Local Storage
persist:hs-beacon-session-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
This cookie is used to identify token and details of HelpScout usage.
Session
HTML Local Storage
gbFeaturesCache
cdn.jsdelivr.net
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
disqus_unique
c.disquscdn.com
Collects statistics related to the user's visits to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and loaded pages.
Session
HTTP Cookie
sentryReplaySession
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
Session
HTML Local Storage
hjActiveViewportIds
Hotjar
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
hjViewportId
Hotjar
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
Session
HTML Local Storage
_ga
Google
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
_gat
Google
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_gid
Google
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_hjSession_#
Hotjar
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_hjSessionUser_#
Hotjar
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_hjTLDTest
Hotjar
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Session
HTTP Cookie
FPAU
MailerLite
Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
PugT
PubMatic
Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency.
30 days
HTTP Cookie
personalization_id
Twitter Inc.
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
ml-traffic-source-#
MailerLite
This cookie stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached our site.
6 months
HTTP Cookie
Targeting Cookies (103)
Show details
(Targeting Cookies)
These cookies are used to deliver adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests while also limiting the number of times you see the same advert on a website. These cookies record your visit to the website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We may also share this information with third-parties for this purpose. Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate-tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our Customers have come to the website through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately, and where applicable, allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
xuid
Triplelift
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__adroll_consent_params [x5]
Adroll Group
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
HTTP Cookie
__ar_v4 [x5]
Adroll Group
Optimises ad display based on the user's movement combined and various advertiser bids for displaying user ads.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_rdt_uuid [x6]
Reddit
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Session
HTTP Cookie
_te_ [x5]
Adroll Group
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Session
HTTP Cookie
mp_#_mixpanel [x2]
cdn.mxpnl.com
This cookie is used to store and track an anonymized visitor's identity.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
anj
Appnexus
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
receive-cookie-deprecation [x3]
Appnexus
Adroll Group
Adroll
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
uuid2
Appnexus
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
XANDR_PANID
Appnexus
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
__adroll_shared
Adroll Group
Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant.
13 months
HTTP Cookie
rp.gif
Reddit
Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function.
Session
Pixel Tracker
ml_guid [x2]
MailerLite
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
c
Bidswitch
Regulates synchronisation of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
sync
Bidswitch
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
tuuid
Bidswitch
Registers whether or not the user has consented to the use of cookies.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
tuuid_lu
Bidswitch
Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
ul_cb/sync
Bidswitch
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
_uetsid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetsid_exp
Microsoft
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetvid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetvid_exp
Microsoft
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
MSPTC
Microsoft
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
MUID
Microsoft
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
badges-message
c.disquscdn.com
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
CMID
Casale Media
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
CMPRO
Casale Media
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
CMPS
Casale Media
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
rum
Casale Media
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__mpq_#_#
cdn.mxpnl.com
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
images/pixel.gif
viglink
Enables the visitor to share content from the website onto social media platforms or websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
fbssls_#
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
Session
HTML Local Storage
lastExternalReferrer
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lastExternalReferrerTime
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
__adroll
Adroll
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
13 months
HTTP Cookie
segment/#/#
Adroll
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
IDE
Google
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Google
Used for targeting and performance purposes. Data is used for reporting, search query reports for optimization purposes and time of day optimisations.
Session
Pixel Tracker
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Google
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__adroll_fpc
Adroll Group
Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_fbp [x2]
Meta Platforms, Inc.
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_ga_#
Google
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
_gcl_au
Google
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_uetsid
Microsoft
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_uetvid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
w/1.0/sd
Openx
Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services.
Session
Pixel Tracker
AdServer/Pug
PubMatic
Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
KRTBCOOKIE_#
PubMatic
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel
Quora
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
adroll_dqs
Adroll Group
This is a cookie for targeting ads.
Session
HTML Local Storage
adroll_flgs
Adroll Group
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Session
HTML Local Storage
sp_landing
Spotify
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
sp_t
Spotify
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
1/i/adsct [x2]
Twitter Inc.
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
muc_ads
Twitter Inc.
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
idsync/ex/receive/check
Tapad
This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS
Tapad
Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
TapAd_DID
Tapad
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
TapAd_TS
Tapad
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
guest_id
Twitter Inc.
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
guest_id_ads
Twitter Inc.
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
guest_id_marketing
Twitter Inc.
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
#-#
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTML Local Storage
iU5q-!O9@$
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session
HTML Local Storage
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
nextId
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
requests
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
yt.innertube::nextId
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
YtIdbMeta#databases
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Persistent
IndexedDB
yt-remote-cast-available
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-cast-installed
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-connected-devices
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-device-id
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-fast-check-period
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-session-app
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-session-name
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
YouTube
Pending
180 days
HTTP Cookie
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
180 days
HTTP Cookie
YSC
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session
HTTP Cookie
Unclassified Cookies (17)
Show details
(Unclassified Cookies)
These cookies are a type of cookie for which the purpose or category is not yet determined.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
i18n_default_en_en-translation
MailerLite
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents
MailerLite
Pending
Persistent
IndexedDB
mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry
MailerLite
Pending
Persistent
IndexedDB
disqus.thread
c.disquscdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_701ed958e7064de3f652cdd89f300847
cdn.mxpnl.com
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
mp_tab_id_mixpanel_701ed958e7064de3f652cdd89f300847
cdn.mxpnl.com
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
cf.turnstile.u
Cloudflare
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ES|#|EVENT|#
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|INSTALLATION_ID
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5NjA4NDE1OTA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTkzMzg1ODIxOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|STORAGE_ID
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_gcl_ls [x2]
MailerLite
Google
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_test
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
mailerlite:forms:shown:#
MailerLite
Pending
30 days
HTTP Cookie
Allow selection
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/23/25 by
Cookiebot
Features
Send emails
Email marketing
Grow your audience and build stronger relationships.
Automation
Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically.
Newsletter editors
Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor.
Email notifications
Send timely emails triggered by activity on your website or app.
Build websites
Website builder
Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine.
Create a blog
Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog.
Collect leads
Landing pages
Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more.
Signup forms
Invite people from across the web to become subscribers.
iPad Subscribe App
Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline!
Email verifier
Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability.
Sell products
Digital products
Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income.
E-commerce
Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales.
Paid newsletter subscriptions
Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions.
Pricing
Gallery
Examples
Newsletters
See designs for various occasions and industries.
Landing pages
Get inspired by examples made by customers like you.
Automations
Automation examples
Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.
Automation templates
Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates.
Templates
Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms.
Newsletters
Websites
Landing pages
Pop-ups
Why Lite
Use cases
Tell us what kind of business you have and we'll tell you how best to use MailerLite.
E-commerce
Small business
Creators
Agencies
Enterprise
Authors
Case studies
Get inspired by email marketing case studies
See how MailerLiters are growing their business with email.
View all case studies
Why Lite
Lite is our philosophy
Making the complex simple is what we do best.
Learn more about going Lite
Resources
Knowledge base
Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions.
Video tutorials
Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos.
Hire an expert
Find approved consultants to help your business grow.
Blog
Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies.
Best practices by industry
Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry.
Email marketing guide
Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign.
Live learning sessions
Boost your email skills with live webinars, workshops and Q&As.
Academy
Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy.
Integrations
Integrate MailerLite with all your favorite apps to streamline your workflows.
Stripe
Make
Zapier
Shopify
WordPress
WooCommerce
All integrations
Check out our newest how-to guides:
Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite
|
Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability
en
English
Español
Polski
Log in
Sign up
en
English
Español
Polski
Features
Send emails
Email marketing
Grow your audience and build stronger relationships.
Automation
Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically.
Newsletter editors
Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor.
Email notifications
Send timely emails triggered by activity on your website or app.
Build websites
Website builder
Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine.
Create a blog
Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog.
Collect leads
Landing pages
Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more.
Signup forms
Invite people from across the web to become subscribers.
iPad Subscribe App
Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline!
Email verifier
Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability.
Sell products
Digital products
Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income.
E-commerce
Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales.
Paid newsletter subscriptions
Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions.
Pricing
Gallery
Examples
Newsletters
See designs for various occasions and industries.
Landing pages
Get inspired by examples made by customers like you.
Automations
Automation examples
Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.}
Automation templates
Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates.
Templates
Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms.
Newsletters
Websites
Landing pages
Pop-ups
Why Lite
Use cases
Tell us what kind of business you have and we'll tell you how best to use MailerLite.
E-commerce
Small business
Creators
Agencies
Enterprise
Authors
Case studies
Get inspired by email marketing case studies
See how MailerLiters are growing their business with email.
Why Lite
Lite is our philosophy
Making the complex simple is what we do best.
Resources
Knowledge base
Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions.
Video tutorials
Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos.
Hire an expert
Find approved consultants to help your business grow.
Blog
Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies.
Best practices by industry
Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry.
Email marketing guide
Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign.
Live learning sessions
Boost your email skills with live webinars, workshops and Q&As.
Academy
Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy.
Integrations
Integrate MailerLite with all your favorite apps to streamline your workflows.
Stripe
Make
Zapier
Shopify
WordPress
WooCommerce
Check out our newest how-to guides:
Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite
Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability
Log in
Sign up
Close
No results were found...
Privacy Policy
At MailerLite, protecting your privacy and the privacy of anyone receiving your email is very important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to make MailerLite safe and appropriate for everyone. Our Privacy Policy applies to your use of MailerLite’s Services and describes the kind of information we process, how it is processed and why.
As used in these Terms, "MailerLite" means:
(a) MailerLite Limited, an Irish registered company at 88 Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, D02 DK18, Ireland, if the Customer's billing address on the applicable Order Form is located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland; or
(b) MailerLite, Inc., a Delaware corporation at 548 Market St, PMB 98174, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, United States, if the Customer's billing address on the applicable Order Form is located anywhere else in the world.
MailerLite provides email marketing and automation software as a service. We process Personal Data as a Processor on behalf of the Customer.
1. Definitions
1.1. "Controller" means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data.
1.2. "Customer" means a person or entity that is registered with MailerLite to use the Services.
1.3. "Data Protection Laws" means all data protection and privacy laws and regulations of the EU, EEA, and their member states, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, applicable to the Processing of Personal Data.
1.4. "GDPR" means (a) the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), and (b) the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation.
1.5. "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
1.6. "Processing" means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction. "Process", "Processes" and "Processed" shall be interpreted accordingly.
1.7. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or any other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
1.8. "Services" means any product or service provided by MailerLite pursuant to MailerLite’s
Terms of Use
("TOU").
1.9. “Subscriber” means a person Customer contacts through our Services.
1.10. “We”, “us”, and “our” refer to the MailerLite.
1.11. "You," "your," and "yours" refer to the user.
2. Data Processing
2.1. Consent: by accessing our Services, you accept our Privacy Policy and TOU, and you consent to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit our website or use the mobile app or the Service, and any time you voluntarily provide us with information, you agree that you are consenting to our collection, use, and disclosure of the information that you provide, and you are consenting to receive emails or otherwise be contacted, as described in this Privacy Policy. Whether or not you register or create an account with us, this Privacy Policy applies to all users of the website, mobile app, and Services.
2.2. Performance of a contract: by utilizing our Services or accessing our platform, you expressly acknowledge our Processing of your Personal Data in compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws. The Processing of your Personal Data is grounded on the legal basis of contract performance between you and MailerLite. We collect and process your Personal Data to deliver the requested Services, meet our contractual obligations, and ensure the seamless functioning of our platform. Specifically, this includes providing you with access to the website, mobile app, and Services.
2.3. If you voluntarily provide Personal Data to MailerLite where such data is not specifically requested (e.g., entering Personal Data into fields not designated for that purpose), provision of the Personal Data will be deemed accidental. In these instances, MailerLite will not process the data in accordance with the terms of the GDPR and/or this Privacy Policy.
3. What information we Process
MailerLite collects both “Personal Data” and “Non-Personal Data” about you and will Process this data for the duration of the Services, as described in the TOU:
3.1. Personal Data:
Customers' information: identification and contact data (name, contact details, username); billing information (billing and mailing addresses, payment information); organization information (name, address, geographic location, area of responsibility, VAT code), IP addresses, browsing activity, web server logs.
Subscribers' information: email address and any other additional information that Customer provides to MailerLite.
3.1.1. At any time, you may log in and change this information, or remove it. You may decline to provide Personal Data to the Services, however, some of the Personal Data we ask you to provide, for example, the email address is mandatory for a Service. If you decline to provide it, we may not be able to provide that service to you.
3.2. Non-Personal Data:
The browser and device information: location, device type, model, number, type of browser or operating system, the time and date of access, screen resolution, plug-ins, add-ons and the version of the Services you are using, and other information that does not personally identify you.
Information from your use of the Services and information from other sources: we may receive information about how and when you use the Services, or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. Also, we may obtain information about you or your Subscribers from third-party sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, third-party data providers, and our joint marketing partners. This information may include, for example, time, date, browser used, demographic information, device information (such as device type, model, number, type of browser or operating system), location, and online behavioral data (such as information about your use of social media websites, page view information and search results and links), actions you have taken, anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and the number of clicks.
3.3. Please note, MailerLite does not process or store your credit card information. Once you make a payment for MailerLite Classic, your credit card information is transferred to our third-party payment processor Braintree (please find their Privacy Statement
here
), or PayPal (please find their Privacy Statement
here
) and when using the New MailerLite, your credit card information is transferred to Stripe (please find their Privacy Policy
here
).
3.4. If, being a Shopify user, you install MailerLite Shopify app through Shopify App Store, Shopify will bill you for our Services. More information about Personal Data collected by Shopify can be found in Shopify’s Privacy Policy
here
.
3.5. Please be informed that for communication via email and live chat, MailerLite uses third-party customer support platforms. When communication goes through our
Contact Us
form or email, your information is transferred to HelpScout. When communication is through live chat, your information is transferred to Intercom. Some messages sent through the live chat feature are answered by Intercom’s AI-powered chatbot. No Personal Data belonging to your Subscribers is transferred to Intercom, except if you choose to upload it to the live chat.
If you reach out to us when using the New MailerLite, regardless of the method, your information will be transferred to HelpScout. You may find HelpScout’s privacy policy
here
and Intercom’s
here
.
3.6. MailerLite utilizes OpenAI’s GPT technology to provide features such as an AI-powered writing assistant and AI-powered subject line generator. By using these features, you agree that the data you choose to input into these features, which may contain personal information, is sent to OpenAI's API for processing. MailerLite is not responsible for the data handling practices or policies of OpenAI or any third-party services used by OpenAI, however, MailerLite utilizes OpenAI's Enterprise plan which ensures that transferred data will not be further used to train OpenAI’s models. You can find more information in OpenAI's
Business Terms
,
Privacy Policy
, and
API Data Usage Policy
.
3.7. MailerLite uses OpenAI’s technology to automate the customer confirmation process by submitting Customers’ campaign content to OpenAI’s technology. No Personal Data of Customers’ Subscribers is transferred to OpenAI for this purpose, except if you choose to use it in your marketing campaigns. MailerLite utilizes OpenAI's Enterprise plan, which ensures that transferred data will not be further used to train OpenAI’s models. You can find more information in OpenAI's
Business Terms
,
Privacy Policy
, and
API Data Usage Policy
.
3.8. MailerLite uses Oracle NetSuite as its accounting platform. When you interact with our Services, your billing, transaction, and organization information will be processed and stored within Oracle NetSuite. You can find Oracle NetSuite’s Privacy Policy
here
.
3.9. MailerLite has integrated Entri for domain authentication purposes. If you choose to authenticate your domains through MailerLite, your domain name will be shared with Entri to ensure the proper deliverability of your campaigns. For more details, you can review Entri’s Privacy Policy
here
.
4. Purposes of Processing
4.1. MailerLite uses collected information for the operation of the Services, to maintain the quality of the Service, to provide general statistics regarding use of the Service, to promote and analyze the Services, to provide customer support and send information about the Services, to protect the rights and safety of Customers, Subscribers, third-parties and our own, to send customized informational or promotional content and provide suggestions according to marketing preferences, to ensure observance of our TOU and meet the legal requirements, to verify identity and provided information, manage payments, to understand demographics, Customer interests and needs, and other trends among users, and for other business purposes.
4.2. We may combine Personal Data with other information we Process to customize informational content and enhance our ability to provide Services according to marketing preferences, restrictions or for advertising, targeting purposes, personalization of ads, or to develop and provide you with more relevant products and features in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. How we collect your information
5.1. Data provided by our Customers: Customers may import into the Services Personal Data they have collected from their Subscribers or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with Customers’ Subscribers or any individuals other than our Customers. Our Processing of Personal Data is based on the data subject freely given consent and Customers are responsible for making sure they have the necessary permissions for us to Process Personal Data about Subscribers or other individuals.
5.2. Tracking technologies: in connection with the performance of the Services, MailerLite uses:
Cookies: cookies are tiny files of data that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, but you can change this in your browser settings. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all of MailerLite’s functionality. We use cookies to improve your Mailerlite experience and by collecting this data, we can store information so that you don’t have to re-enter it every time you visit MailerLite. We also use it to monitor visitor metrics to MailerLite such as page views, time on site, number of visitors, etc.
Web beacons: we include single-pixel gifs (web beacons) in emails we send, which allow us to collect information about when you open the email and your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We use the data from those web beacons to create reports about how your email campaign performed and what actions your Subscribers took, to capture the time spent on the Services, pages visited and email campaign performance.
Unique identifiers and similar tracking technologies: we may use other tracking technologies to administer the Services, track your movements around the Services, analyze trends, track behavior, serve targeted advertisements and gather demographic information, to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of Customers.
5.3. Log Data monitoring: we may collect log data whenever you access our tool. This data could include things like an IP address, browser type, and version, the pages you visit on MailerLite, and other user statistics. When you access MailerLite with a mobile device, log data may include the type of device, your mobile unique ID, the IP address of your device, mobile operating system, and other mobile statistics.
5.4. Third-party services: we may use third-party services, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, that collect and analyze log data to help us improve MailerLite, and occasionally to use for targeted online advertising. Our third-party partners may use cookies or other tracking technologies to provide you advertising on other sites based on your browsing activities and interests. You can find more information about these practices, including how to opt out of receiving targeted advertising here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
5.5. Based on the requirements of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, MailerLite declares that it does not correspond to Do Not Track browser signals.
6. Transferring to third-party companies
6.1. We will never sell, rent, or lease your Personal Data to a third party, but we may share collected information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy with third parties, including group companies, that help MailerLite provide, improve, promote or support Services, that help with our business operations and assist in the delivery of our Services, or who perform services for us, in order to prevent damage to our property or for safety reasons, for example, payment processors, hosting services, analytics, content delivery services, advertising partners, etc., in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also share information with third parties if required to do so by law or if you violate our TOU.
6.2. We may disclose Non-Personal Data for any purpose because this information cannot be used to identify you or another person.
7. Email communications & opting out
7.1. From time to time you may receive emails related to your use of MailerLite. Based on the Personal Data that you provide us, we may communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the Services you request and to manage your account. If we have your consent, we may also use your Personal Data to send you updates and other promotional communications. Every email will contain a link to be able to opt-out of receiving it. We may still send important messages regarding administrative matters, updates, disputes, and customer service issues that are required to provide the Services.
7.2. If a Subscriber no longer wants to be contacted by one of our Customers, he can unsubscribe directly from that Customers’ newsletter or contact the Customer directly to update or delete the data. If a Subscriber contacts us, we will refer him to that Customer. We will retain personal information we Process on behalf of our Customers only for as long as needed to provide our Services or to comply with our obligations.
8. Safety of your information
8.1. MailerLite takes reasonable precautions, technical and organizational security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, follows industry best practices in order to protect your Personal Data from any unauthorized or unlawful breach of security that leads to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to Personal Data and to preserve the security and confidentiality of the data. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such precautions. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
8.2. The customer is responsible for reviewing the information made available by MailerLite relating to its data security and making an independent determination as to whether the Services meet Customer’s requirements and legal obligations under Data Protection Laws. Also, Customer is responsible for its secure use of the Services, including securing its account authentication credentials, protecting the security of Personal Data when in transit to and from the Services and taking any appropriate steps to securely encrypt or backup any Personal Data uploaded to the Services.
9. Protecting Subscriber’s lists and data
9.1. We reserve the right to monitor your lists, content and response data from time to time to make sure they comply with our TOU, we will never share, sell or rent your customer data to anyone for any reason.
9.2. Our data storage center is in the European Union and has information storage security certificate (ISO 27001) so you can rest assured that your Subscribers data is safe with us.
10. Customers’ rights
10.1. You have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
Right to Access
. You have the right to request disclosure of the specific pieces of your Personal Data we have collected about you in a portable and, where technically feasible, readily usable format.
Right to Know.
You have the right to verify if we have collected Personal Data about you and to know the details of it.
Right to Deletion.
You may request the deletion of your Personal Data in accordance with Clause 11 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for cross-context behavioral advertising to third parties. You can exercise this right by visiting our Cookie Settings and disabling functional, performance, and targeting cookies.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, including profiling.
Right to correct your Personal Data.
You have the right to update inaccurate information that we process about you by amending it in your MailerLite account.
Right to exercise rights without discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise the rights conferred to you by applicable privacy law.
10.2. Please be aware that these rights may be limited by applicable laws and depend on technical feasibility.
10.3. If you are not able to exercise these rights through your MailerLite’s account, please contact us using the
contact form
. We may require additional information or identifying documents from you to verify your identity and process your request.
10.4. If you are a resident of California and you want to implement your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please refer to Clause 15 of this Privacy Policy.
11. Data retention
11.1.  Unless you specifically request that we delete your Personal Data by contacting us, deleting your account, or using the ‘Forget Me’ feature, we will keep your data for as long as we need to meet our Terms, provide you Services, and maintain the effective operation of our business.
11.2. If you ask us to delete your Personal Data by contacting us or deleting your account, your data will be deleted within 30 days, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
11.3. If you request deletion through MailerLite’s "Forget Me" feature, your user data will be fully anonymized within 60 days of your request. If your account does not have any other users, the whole account will be fully anonymized, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
11.4. We may still be obliged to retain certain Personal Data after you request deletion or if you delete your account to (i) comply with applicable laws or regulations (like maintaining transaction records or keeping information for accounting purposes), (ii) deal with legal issues or defend ourselves in legal claims, and (iii) protect against fraud or abuse of our Service. This information will be retained for 7 years, after which it will be permanently deleted.
11.5. Sometimes, we might not be able to delete, make anonymous, or hide your Personal Data immediately because of technical, legal, or operational reasons. In these situations, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your Personal Data from any further Processing until we can properly delete, anonymize, or deidentify it.
11.6. If your account is inactive for 3 years or more, MailerLite reserves the right to permanently delete your account and all its data, including your list of subscribers and your content. If MailerLite decides to delete your account, you will be informed multiple times via email. Upon reaching 3 years of account inactivity, you will be given an additional 60 days to export the data or reactivate your account before the account is permanently deleted.
11.7. Upon reaching 2 years of account suspension or termination, MailerLite permanently deletes your account and all its data, including your list of subscribers and your content, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
12. Links to other websites
12.1. As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party website accessed by selecting a link via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
13. Data Processing Addendum
13.1. We created our Data Processing Addendum to cover the GDPR requirements as they relate to email marketing and we encourage all our Customers to review it
here
.
14. Age of consent
14.1. By using the Service, you represent that you are at least 16 years of age.
15. California Privacy Rights
15.1. This section applies exclusively to individuals residing in California (“
California Customers
”). It delineates our procedures for collecting, using, and sharing the Personal Data of California Customers in our capacity as a business according to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), along with the associated rights regarding such Personal Data. For the purposes of this clause, "Personal Data" refers to the definition of “Personal Information” as it is outlined in the CCPA.
15.2. California Customers have the ability to exercise the subsequent rights regarding their Personal Data, but these rights are not unconditional, and there may be instances where we are authorized to reject your request according to CCPA:
Right to Know:
You can request details about our collection and usage of your Personal Data, including categories of collected data, purposes, third-party sharing, and specific pieces collected. MailerLite will respond to a maximum of two (2) requests within a twelve (12) month period.
Right to Access
: You are able to access all Personal Data transferred to us in your MailerLite account. You can also request details regarding how we have collected and used your Personal Data over the past twelve (12) months, and MailerLite will respond to a maximum of two (2) requests. Please note that there may be legal restrictions preventing us from disclosing certain Personal Data if it poses a substantial risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account.
Right to Correct:
If you find any inaccuracies in your Personal Data that we hold, or if your Personal Data changes, you can make respective changes in your MailerLite account or you can notify us and we will promptly update our records to ensure they reflect the accurate information.
Right to Deletion:
You can request the deletion of your Personal Data as per Clause 11 of this Privacy Policy. MailerLite may delete, de-identify, or aggregate your data upon such a request, confirming the information before deletion.
Opt-out of Sharing:
MailerLite uses services to deliver personalized ads to you. Under the CCPA, our utilization of some of these services may be tagged as sharing your Personal Data with the advertising partners who provide these services. You have the option to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Data by visiting our Cookie Settings and disabling functional, performance, and targeting cookies.
No Selling of Personal Data:
If you have activated the opt-out feature, you will automatically be excluded from any sharing when engaging with our Services. MailerLite adheres to CCPA regulations by not selling your Personal Data.
Limited Processing of Sensitive Personal Data:
We don’t collect any sensitive Personal Data. However, we cannot control whether our Customers use or disclose the sensitive Personal Data of their Subscribers. If you are a Subscriber of our Customers, please contact them directly for queries regarding your sensitive Personal Data.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not engage in discrimination against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
15.3.  If you are not able to exercise these rights through your MailerLite account, California Customers may exercise these rights over their Personal Data by contacting us via this
contact form
.
15.4. MailerLite in terms of CCPA acts as a service provider and we process Personal Data on our Customers’ behalf. Please direct any requests for access or deletion of your Personal Data to the Customers with whom you have a direct relationship.
16. Data Privacy Framework
16.1. MailerLite, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. When providing Services to Customers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom, and Switzerland, MailerLite, Inc. operates in accordance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks ('DPF'), as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as stipulated by the US Department of Commerce. This adherence extends to the collection, processing, utilization, and retention of Personal Data from these regions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF principles, the principles shall govern. For further information regarding the DPF and to access our certification, please visit the DPF website
here
.
16.2. MailerLite, Inc. falls under the regulatory authority of the US Federal Trade Commission, which possesses investigatory and enforcement powers. Additionally, you have the option to file a complaint with your local data protection authority, and we will collaborate with them to address your concerns. Under specific conditions, as outlined in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
, the DPF provides the right to pursue binding arbitration to resolve complaints that remain unresolved through other channels.
16.3. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, MailerLite, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact MailerLite, Inc. through this
contact form
.
16.4. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S.  DPF, MailerLite, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities  (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office  (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the  EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
16.5. We remain responsible for all the personal information we receive under the DPF and that we subsequently transfer to third parties acting as agents on our behalf if they process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF principles.
17. Merger or acquisition
17.1. In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Data may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to Process your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
18. MailerLite as a Controller
18.1. MailerLite acts as a Controller of Personal Data of its employees, contractors, candidates, affiliates and other third parties that are not considered as a Customer. MailerLite undertakes to comply with legal requirements when processing Personal Data as a Controller and implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security of Personal Data as required under GDPR and applicable Data Protection Laws.
19. Changes
19.1. MailerLite reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. All changes are effective immediately upon posting and we suggest that you check this Privacy Policy periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
20. Contacting MailerLite
If you:
would like to request access to the information we hold about you, correct, modify, delete or update Personal Data that you have provided to us, or
have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this site, wish to withdraw your consent for the continued collection, would like to object to your Personal Data being used, or have any additional questions:
Please contact us any time via this
contact form
.
Last updated on February 28, 2025
Sub-policy 4
https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displayText.xhtml?division=3.&part=4.&lawCode=CIV&title=1.81.5:
skip to content
home
accessibility
FAQ
feedback
sitemap
login
x
Quick Search:
Bill Number
Bill Keyword
Home
Bill Information
California Law
Publications
Other Resources
My Subscriptions
My Favorites
California Law
>>
>>
Code Section Group
Code Section Group
Code:
Select Code
CONS
BPC
CIV
CCP
COM
CORP
EDC
ELEC
EVID
FAM
FIN
FGC
FAC
GOV
HNC
HSC
INS
LAB
MVC
PEN
PROB
PCC
PRC
PUC
RTC
SHC
UIC
VEH
WAT
WIC
Article:
Section:
Code:
Select Code
All
BPC
CIV
CCP
COM
CORP
EDC
ELEC
EVID
FAM
FIN
FGC
FAC
GOV
HNC
HSC
INS
LAB
MVC
PEN
PROB
PCC
PRC
PUC
RTC
SHC
UIC
VEH
WAT
WIC
Section:
Keyword(s):
Code Search
Text Search
Up^
Add To My Favorites
Code Text
Civil Code - CIV
DIVISION 3. OBLIGATIONS [1427 - 3273.69]
( Heading of Division 3 amended by Stats. 1988, Ch. 160, Sec. 14. )
PART 4. OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM PARTICULAR TRANSACTIONS [1738 - 3273.69]
( Part 4 enacted 1872. )
TITLE 1.81.5. California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 [1798.100 - 1798.199.100]
( Title 1.81.5 added by Stats. 2018, Ch. 55, Sec. 3. )
1798.100.
General Duties of Businesses that Collect Personal Information
(a) A business that controls the collection of a consumer’s personal information shall, at or before the point of collection, inform consumers of the following:
(1) The categories of personal information to be collected and the purposes for which the categories of personal information are collected or used and whether that information is sold or shared. A business shall not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes that are incompatible with the disclosed purpose for which the personal information was collected without providing the consumer with notice consistent with this section.
(2) If the business collects sensitive personal information, the categories of sensitive personal information to be collected and the purposes for which the categories of sensitive personal information are collected or used, and whether that information is sold or shared. A business shall not collect additional categories of sensitive personal information or use sensitive personal information collected for additional purposes that are incompatible with the disclosed purpose for which the sensitive personal information was collected without providing the consumer with notice consistent with this section.
(3) The length of time the business intends to retain each category of personal information, including sensitive personal information, or if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period provided that a business shall not retain a consumer’s personal information or
				sensitive personal information for each disclosed purpose for which the personal information was collected for longer than is reasonably necessary for that disclosed purpose.
(b) A business that, acting as a third party, controls the collection of personal information about a consumer may satisfy its obligation under subdivision (a) by providing the required information prominently and conspicuously on the homepage of its internet website. In addition, if a business acting as a third party controls the collection of personal information about a consumer on its premises, including in a vehicle, then the business shall, at or before the point of collection, inform consumers as to the categories of personal information to be collected and the purposes for which the categories of personal information are used, and whether that personal information is sold, in a clear and conspicuous manner at the location.
(c) A business’ collection, use, retention, and sharing of a consumer’s personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed, or for another disclosed purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected, and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
(d) A business that collects a consumer’s personal information and that sells that personal information to, or shares it with, a third party or that discloses it to a service provider or contractor for a business purpose shall enter into an agreement with the third party, service provider, or contractor, that:
(1) Specifies that the personal information is sold or disclosed by the business only for
				limited and specified purposes.
(2) Obligates the third party, service provider, or contractor to comply with applicable obligations under this title and obligate those persons to provide the same level of privacy protection as is required by this title.
(3) Grants the business rights to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that the third party, service provider, or contractor uses the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with the business’ obligations under this title.
(4) Requires the third party, service provider, or contractor to notify the business if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligations under this title.
(5) Grants the business the right, upon notice, including under paragraph (4),
				to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of personal information.
(e) A business that collects a consumer’s personal information shall implement reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information to protect the personal information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure in accordance with Section 1798.81.5.
(f) Nothing in this section shall require a business to disclose trade secrets, as specified in regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (3) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 4.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.105.
Consumers’ Right to Delete Personal Information
(a) A consumer shall have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer.
(b) A business that collects personal information about consumers shall disclose, pursuant to Section 1798.130, the consumer’s rights to request the deletion of the consumer’s personal information.
(c) (1) A business that receives a verifiable consumer request from a consumer to delete the consumer’s personal information pursuant to subdivision (a) of this section shall delete the consumer’s personal information from its records,
				notify any service providers or contractors to delete the consumer’s personal information from their records, and notify all third parties to whom the business has sold or shared the personal information to delete the consumer’s personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
(2) The business may maintain a confidential record of deletion requests solely for the purpose of preventing the personal information of a consumer who has submitted a deletion request from being sold, for compliance with laws or for other purposes, solely to the extent permissible under this title.
(3) A service provider or contractor shall cooperate with the business in responding to a verifiable consumer request, and at the direction of the business, shall delete, or enable the business to delete and shall notify any of its own service providers or contractors to
				delete personal information about the consumer collected, used, processed, or retained by the service provider or the contractor. The service provider or contractor shall notify any service providers, contractors, or third parties who may have accessed personal information from or through the service provider or contractor, unless the information was accessed at the direction of the business, to delete the consumer’s personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. A service provider or contractor shall not be required to comply with a deletion request submitted by the consumer directly to the service provider or contractor to the extent that the service provider or contractor has collected, used, processed, or retained the consumer’s personal information in its role as a service provider or contractor to the business.
(d) A business, or a service provider or contractor acting pursuant to its contract with
				the business, another service provider, or another contractor, shall not be required to comply with a consumer’s request to delete the consumer’s personal information if it is reasonably necessary for the business, service provider, or contractor to maintain the consumer’s personal information in order to:
(1) Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated by the consumer within the context of a business’ ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.
(2) Help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those
				purposes.
(3) Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
(4) Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise that consumer’s right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
(5) Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
(6) Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that conforms or adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the business’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the ability to complete such research, if the consumer has provided informed
				consent.
(7) To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business and compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.
(8) Comply with a legal obligation.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 5.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.106.
Consumers’ Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
(a) A consumer shall have the right to request a business that maintains inaccurate personal information about the consumer to correct that inaccurate personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
(b) A business that collects personal information about consumers shall disclose, pursuant to Section 1798.130, the consumer’s right to request correction of inaccurate personal information.
(c) A business that receives a
						verifiable consumer request to correct inaccurate personal information shall use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate personal information as directed by the consumer, pursuant to Section 1798.130 and regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 1.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.110.
Consumers’ Right to Know What Personal Information is Being Collected. Right to Access Personal Information
(a) A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the following:
(1) The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
(2) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
(3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information.
(4) The categories
				of third parties to whom the business discloses personal information.
(5) The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
(b) A business that collects personal information about a consumer shall disclose to the consumer, pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (3) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.130, the information specified in subdivision (a) upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request from the consumer, provided that a business shall be deemed to be in compliance with paragraphs (1) to (4), inclusive, of subdivision (a) to the extent that the categories of information and the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information it would be required to disclose to the consumer pursuant to paragraphs (1) to (4), inclusive, of subdivision (a) is the same as the information it has disclosed pursuant to
				paragraphs (1) to (4), inclusive, of subdivision (c).
(c) A business that collects personal information about consumers shall disclose, pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (5) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.130:
(1) The categories of personal information it has collected about consumers.
(2) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
(3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information.
(4) The categories of third parties to whom the business discloses personal information.
(5) That a consumer has the right to request the specific pieces of
				personal information the business has collected about that consumer.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 7.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.115.
Consumers’ Right to Know What Personal Information is Sold or Shared and to Whom
(a) A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that sells or shares the consumer’s personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose, disclose to that consumer:
(1) The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer.
(2) The categories of personal information that the business sold or shared about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was
				sold or shared.
(3) The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
(b) A business that sells or shares personal information about a consumer, or that discloses a consumer’s personal information for a business purpose, shall disclose, pursuant to paragraph (4) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.130, the information specified in subdivision (a) to the consumer upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request from the consumer.
(c) A business that sells or shares consumers’ personal information, or that discloses consumers’ personal information for a business purpose, shall disclose, pursuant to subparagraph (C) of paragraph (5) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.130:
(1) The category or categories of consumers’ personal information it has sold or shared, or if the business has not sold or shared consumers’ personal information, it shall disclose that fact.
(2) The category or categories of consumers’ personal information it has disclosed for a business purpose, or if the business has not disclosed consumers’ personal information for a business purpose, it shall disclose that fact.
(d) A third party shall not sell or share personal information about a consumer that has been sold to, or shared with, the third party by a business unless the consumer has received explicit notice and is provided an opportunity to exercise the right to opt-out pursuant to Section 1798.120.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 8.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.120.
Consumers’ Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
(a) (1) A consumer shall have the right, at any time, to direct a business that sells or shares personal information about the consumer to third parties not to sell or share the consumer’s personal information. This right may be referred to as the right to opt out of sale or sharing.
(2) A business to which another business transfers the personal information of a consumer as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other transaction in which the transferee assumes control of all of, or part of, the transferor shall comply with a consumer’s direction to the transferor made pursuant to this subdivision.
(b) A business that sells consumers’ personal information to, or shares it with, third parties shall provide notice to consumers, pursuant to subdivision (a) of Section 1798.135, that this information may be sold or shared and that consumers have the “right to opt out” of the sale or sharing of their personal information.
(c) Notwithstanding subdivision (a), a business shall not sell or share the personal information of consumers if the business has actual knowledge that the consumer is less than 16 years of age, unless the consumer, in the case of consumers at least 13 years of age and less than 16 years of age, or the consumer’s parent or guardian, in the case of consumers who are less than 13 years of age, has affirmatively authorized the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information. A business that willfully disregards the consumer’s age shall be deemed to have had
				  actual knowledge of the consumer’s age.
(d) A business that has received direction from a consumer not to sell or share the consumer’s personal information or, in the case of a minor consumer’s personal information has not received consent to sell or share the minor consumer’s personal information, shall be prohibited, pursuant to paragraph (4) of subdivision (c) of Section 1798.135, from selling or sharing the consumer’s personal information after its receipt of the consumer’s direction, unless the consumer subsequently provides consent, for the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 940, Sec. 1.   (AB 1824)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.121.
Consumers’ Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
(a) A consumer shall have the right, at any time, to direct a business that collects sensitive personal information about the consumer to limit its use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information to that use which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services, to perform the services set forth in paragraphs (2), (4), (5), and (8) of subdivision (e) of Section 1798.140, and as authorized by regulations adopted pursuant to subparagraph (C) of paragraph (18) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185. A business that uses or discloses
						a consumer’s sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in this subdivision shall provide notice to consumers, pursuant to subdivision (a) of Section 1798.135, that this information may be used, or disclosed to a service provider or contractor, for additional, specified purposes and that consumers have the right to limit the use or disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
(b) A business that has received direction from a consumer not to use or disclose the consumer’s sensitive personal information, except as authorized by subdivision (a), shall be prohibited, pursuant to paragraph (4) of subdivision (c) of Section 1798.135, from using or disclosing the consumer’s sensitive personal information for any other purpose after its receipt of the consumer’s direction unless the consumer subsequently
						provides consent for the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information for additional purposes.
(c) A service provider or contractor that assists a business in performing the purposes authorized by subdivision (a) may not use the sensitive personal information after it has received instructions from the business and to the extent it has actual knowledge that the personal information is sensitive personal information for any other purpose. A service provider or contractor is only required to limit its use of sensitive personal information received pursuant to a written contract with the business in response to instructions from the business and only with respect to its relationship with that business.
(d) Sensitive personal information that is collected or
						processed without the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer is not subject to this section, as further defined in regulations adopted pursuant to subparagraph (C) of paragraph (18) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, and shall be treated as personal information for purposes of all other sections of this act, including Section 1798.100.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 2.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.125.
Consumers’ Right of No Retaliation Following Opt Out or Exercise of Other Rights
(a) (1) A business shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer’s rights under this title, including, but not limited to, by:
(A) Denying goods or services to the consumer.
(B) Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
(C) Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer.
(D) Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
(E) Retaliating against an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor, as defined in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2) of subdivision (m) of Section 1798.145, for exercising their rights under this title.
(2) Nothing in this subdivision prohibits a business, pursuant to subdivision (b), from charging a consumer a different price or rate, or from providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the consumer’s data.
(3) This subdivision does not prohibit a business from offering loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club
				card programs consistent with this title.
(b) (1) A business may offer financial incentives, including payments to consumers as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale or sharing of personal information, or the retention of personal information. A business may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the consumer if that price or difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the consumer’s data.
(2) A business that offers any financial incentives pursuant to this subdivision, shall notify consumers of the financial incentives pursuant to Section 1798.130.
(3) A business may enter a consumer into a financial incentive program only if the consumer gives the business prior opt-in consent pursuant to Section
				1798.130 that clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked by the consumer at any time. If a consumer refuses to provide opt-in consent, then the business shall wait for at least 12 months before next requesting that the consumer provide opt-in consent, or as prescribed by regulations adopted pursuant to Section 1798.185.
(4) A business shall not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 11.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.130.
Notice, Disclosure, Correction, and Deletion Requirements
(a) In order to comply with Sections 1798.100, 1798.105, 1798.106, 1798.110, 1798.115, and 1798.125, a business shall, in a form that is reasonably accessible to consumers:
(1) (A) Make available to consumers two or more designated methods for submitting requests for information required to be disclosed pursuant to Sections 1798.110 and 1798.115, or requests for deletion or correction pursuant to Sections 1798.105 and 1798.106, respectively, including, at a minimum, a toll-free telephone number. A business that operates exclusively online and has a direct
						relationship with a consumer from whom it collects personal information shall only be required to provide an email address for submitting requests for information required to be disclosed pursuant to Sections 1798.110 and 1798.115, or for requests for deletion or correction pursuant to Sections 1798.105 and 1798.106, respectively.
(B) If the business maintains an internet website, make the internet website available to consumers to submit requests for information required to be disclosed pursuant to Sections 1798.110 and 1798.115, or requests for deletion or correction pursuant to Sections 1798.105 and 1798.106, respectively.
(2) (A) Disclose and deliver the required information to a consumer free of charge, correct inaccurate personal information, or delete
						a consumer’s personal information, based on the consumer’s request, within 45 days of receiving a verifiable consumer request from the consumer. The business shall promptly take steps to determine whether the request is a verifiable consumer request, but this shall not extend the business’ duty to disclose and deliver the information, to correct inaccurate personal information, or to delete personal information within 45 days of receipt of the consumer’s request. The time period to provide the required information, to correct inaccurate personal information, or to delete personal information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary, provided the consumer is provided notice of the extension
						within the first 45-day period. The disclosure of the required information shall be made in writing and delivered through the consumer’s account with the business, if the consumer maintains an account with the business, or by mail or electronically at the consumer’s option if the consumer does not maintain an account with the business, in a readily useable format that allows the consumer to transmit this information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. The business may require authentication of the consumer that is reasonable in light of the nature of the personal information requested, but shall not require the consumer to create an account with the business in order to make a verifiable consumer request provided that if the consumer, has an account with the business, the business may require the consumer to use that account to submit a verifiable consumer request.
(B) The disclosure of the required information shall cover the 12-month period preceding the business’ receipt of the verifiable consumer request provided that, upon the adoption of a regulation pursuant to paragraph (8) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, a consumer may request that the business disclose the required information beyond the 12-month period, and the business shall be required to provide that information unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. A consumer’s right to request required information beyond the 12-month period, and a business’
						obligation to provide that information, shall only apply to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022. Nothing in this subparagraph shall require a business to keep personal information for any length of time.
(3) (A) A business that receives a verifiable consumer request pursuant to Section 1798.110 or 1798.115 shall disclose any personal information it has collected about a consumer, directly or indirectly, including through or by a service provider or contractor, to the consumer. A service provider or contractor shall not be required to comply with a verifiable consumer request received directly from a consumer or a consumer’s authorized agent, pursuant to Section 1798.110 or 1798.115, to the extent that the service provider or contractor has collected personal information about the
						consumer in its role as a service provider or contractor. A service provider or contractor shall provide assistance to a business with which it has a contractual relationship with respect to the business’ response to a verifiable consumer request, including, but not limited to, by providing to the business the consumer’s personal information in the service provider or contractor’s possession, which the service provider or contractor obtained as a result of providing services to the business, and by correcting inaccurate information or by enabling the business to do the same. A service provider or contractor that collects personal information pursuant to a written contract with a business shall be required to assist the business through appropriate technical and organizational measures in complying with the requirements of subdivisions (d) to (f), inclusive, of Section 1798.100, taking into account
						the nature of the processing.
(B) For purposes of subdivision (b) of Section 1798.110:
(i) To identify the consumer, associate the information provided by the consumer in the verifiable consumer request to any personal information previously collected by the business about the consumer.
(ii) Identify by category or categories the personal information collected about the consumer for the applicable period of time by reference to the enumerated category or categories in subdivision (c) that most closely describes the personal information collected; the categories of sources from which the consumer’s personal information was collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing the consumer’s personal information;
						and the categories of third parties to whom the
						business discloses the consumer’s personal information.
(iii) Provide the specific pieces of personal information obtained from the consumer in a format that is easily understandable to the average consumer, and to the extent technically feasible, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that may also be transmitted to another entity at the consumer’s request without hindrance. “Specific pieces of information” do not include data generated to help ensure security and integrity or as prescribed by regulation. Personal information is not considered to have been disclosed by a business when a consumer instructs a business to transfer the consumer’s personal information from one business to another in the context of switching services.
(4) For purposes of
						subdivision (b) of Section 1798.115:
(A) Identify the consumer and associate the information provided by the consumer in the verifiable consumer request to any personal information previously collected by the business about the consumer.
(B) Identify by category or categories the personal information of the consumer that the business sold or shared during the applicable period of time by reference to the enumerated category in subdivision (c) that most closely describes the personal information, and provide the categories of third parties to whom the consumer’s personal information was sold or shared during the applicable period of time by reference to the enumerated category or categories in subdivision (c) that most closely describes the personal information sold or
						shared. The business shall disclose the information in a list that is separate from a list generated for the purposes of subparagraph (C).
(C) Identify by category or categories the personal information of the consumer that the business disclosed for a business purpose during the applicable period of time by reference to the enumerated category or categories in subdivision (c) that most closely describes the personal information, and provide the categories of persons to whom the consumer’s personal information was disclosed for a business purpose during the applicable period of time by reference to the enumerated category or categories in subdivision (c) that most closely describes the personal information disclosed. The business shall disclose the information in a list that is separate from a list generated for the purposes of subparagraph (B).
(5) Disclose the following information in its online privacy policy or policies if the business has an online privacy policy or policies and in any California-specific description of consumers’ privacy rights, or if the business does not maintain those policies,
						on its internet website, and update that information at least once every 12 months:
(A) A description of a consumer’s rights pursuant to Sections 1798.100, 1798.105, 1798.106, 1798.110, 1798.115, and 1798.125 and two or more designated methods for submitting requests, except as provided in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) of subdivision (a).
(B) For purposes of subdivision (c) of Section 1798.110:
(i) A list of the categories of personal information it has collected about consumers in the preceding 12 months by reference to the enumerated category or categories in subdivision (c) that most closely describe the personal information collected.
(ii) The categories of sources from which consumers’ personal information is collected.
(iii) The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing consumers’ personal information.
(iv) The categories of third parties to whom the business discloses consumers’ personal information.
(C) For purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2) of subdivision (c) of Section 1798.115, two separate lists:
(i) A list of the categories of personal information it has sold or shared about consumers in the preceding 12 months by reference to the enumerated category or categories in subdivision (c) that most closely describe the personal information sold or
						shared, or if the business has not sold or shared consumers’ personal information in the preceding 12 months, the business shall prominently disclose that fact in its privacy policy.
(ii) A list of the categories of personal information it has disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months by reference to the enumerated category in subdivision (c) that most closely describes the personal information disclosed, or if the business has not disclosed consumers’ personal information for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months, the business shall disclose that fact.
(6) Ensure that all individuals responsible for handling consumer inquiries about the business’ privacy practices or the business’ compliance with this title are informed of all requirements in Sections
						1798.100, 1798.105, 1798.106, 1798.110, 1798.115, 1798.125, and this section, and how to direct consumers to exercise their rights under those sections.
(7) Use any personal information collected from the consumer in connection with the business’ verification of the consumer’s request solely for the purposes of verification and shall not further disclose the personal information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
(b) A business is not obligated to provide the information required by Sections 1798.110 and 1798.115 to the same consumer more than twice in a 12-month period.
(c) The categories of personal information required to be disclosed pursuant to Sections
						1798.100, 1798.110, and 1798.115 shall follow the definitions of personal information and sensitive personal information in Section 1798.140 by describing the categories of personal information using the specific terms set forth in subparagraphs (A) to (K), inclusive, of paragraph (1) of subdivision (v) of Section 1798.140 and by describing the categories of sensitive personal information using the specific terms set forth in paragraphs (1) to (9), inclusive, of subdivision (ae) of Section 1798.140.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 3.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.135.
Methods of Limiting Sale, Sharing, and Use of Personal Information and Use of Sensitive Personal Information
(a) A business that sells or shares consumers’ personal information or uses or discloses consumers’ sensitive personal information for purposes other than those authorized by subdivision (a) of Section 1798.121 shall, in a form that is reasonably accessible to consumers:
(1) Provide a clear and conspicuous link on the business’ internet homepages,
						titled “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information,” to an internet web page that enables a consumer, or a person authorized by the consumer, to
						opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information.
(2) Provide a clear and conspicuous link on the business’ internet homepages, titled “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information,” that enables a consumer, or a person authorized by the consumer, to limit the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information to those uses authorized by subdivision (a) of Section 1798.121.
(3) At the business’ discretion, utilize a single, clearly labeled link on the business’ internet homepages, in lieu of complying with paragraphs (1) and (2), if that link easily allows a consumer to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information and to limit the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive
						personal information.
(4) In the event that a business responds to opt-out requests received pursuant to paragraph (1), (2), or (3) by informing the consumer of a charge for the use of any product or service, present the terms of any financial incentive offered pursuant to subdivision (b) of Section 1798.125 for the retention, use, sale, or sharing of the consumer’s personal information.
(b) (1) A business shall not be required to comply with subdivision (a) if the business allows consumers to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information and to limit the use of their sensitive personal information through an opt-out preference signal sent with the consumer’s consent by a platform, technology, or mechanism, based on technical specifications set forth
						in regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (19) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, to the business indicating the consumer’s intent to opt out of the business’ sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information or to limit the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information, or both.
(2) A business that allows consumers to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information and to limit the use of their sensitive personal information pursuant to paragraph (1) may provide a link to a web page that enables the consumer to consent to the business ignoring the opt-out preference signal with respect to that business’ sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information or the use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information for additional purposes provided that:
(A) The consent web page also allows the consumer or a person authorized by the consumer to revoke the consent as easily as it is affirmatively provided.
(B) The link to the web page does not degrade the consumer’s experience on the web page the consumer intends to visit and has a similar look, feel, and size relative to other links on the same web page.
(C) The consent web page complies with technical specifications set forth in regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (19) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185.
(3) A business that complies with subdivision (a) is not required to comply with subdivision (b). For the purposes of clarity, a business may elect whether to comply with subdivision (a) or subdivision
						(b).
(c) A business that is subject to this section shall:
(1) Not require a consumer to create an account or provide additional information beyond what is necessary in order to direct the business not to sell or share the consumer’s personal information or to limit use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information.
(2) Include a description of a consumer’s rights pursuant to Sections 1798.120 and 1798.121, along with a separate link to the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” internet web page and a separate link to the “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” internet web page, if applicable, or a single link to both choices, or a statement that the business responds to and
						abides by opt-out preference signals sent by a platform, technology, or mechanism in accordance with subdivision (b), in:
(A) Its online privacy policy or policies if the business has an online privacy policy or policies.
(B) Any California-specific description of consumers’ privacy rights.
(3) Ensure that all individuals responsible for handling consumer inquiries about the business’ privacy practices or the
						business’ compliance with this title are informed of all requirements in Sections 1798.120, 1798.121, and this section and how to direct consumers to exercise their rights under those sections.
(4) For consumers who exercise their right to
						opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information or limit the use or disclosure of their sensitive personal information, refrain from selling or sharing the consumer’s personal information or using or disclosing the consumer’s sensitive personal information and wait for at least 12 months before requesting that the consumer authorize the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information or the use and disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information for additional purposes, or as authorized by regulations.
(5) For consumers under 16 years of age who do not consent to the sale or sharing of their personal information, refrain from selling or sharing the personal information of the consumer under 16 years of age and wait for at least 12 months before requesting the
						consumer’s consent again, or as authorized by regulations or until the consumer attains 16 years of age.
(6) Use any personal information collected from the consumer in connection with the submission of the consumer’s opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.
(d) Nothing in this title shall be construed to require a business to comply with the title by including the required links and text on the homepage that the business makes available to the public generally, if the business maintains a separate and additional homepage that is dedicated to California consumers and that includes the required links and text, and the business takes reasonable steps to ensure that California consumers are directed to the homepage for California consumers and
						not the homepage made available to the public generally.
(e) A consumer may authorize another person to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information and to limit the use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information on the consumer’s behalf, including through an opt-out preference signal, as defined in paragraph (1) of subdivision (b), indicating the consumer’s intent to opt out, and a business shall comply with an opt-out request received from a person authorized by the consumer to act on the consumer’s behalf, pursuant to regulations adopted by the Attorney General regardless of whether the business has elected to comply with
						subdivision (a) or (b). For purposes of clarity, a business that elects to comply with subdivision (a) may respond to the consumer’s opt-out request consistently with Section 1798.125.
(f) If a business communicates a consumer’s opt-out request to any person authorized by the business to collect personal information, the person shall thereafter only use that consumer’s personal information for a business purpose specified by the business, or as otherwise permitted by this title, and shall be prohibited from:
(1) Selling or sharing the personal information.
(2) Retaining, using, or disclosing that consumer’s personal information.
(A) For any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the services offered to the business.
(B) Outside of the direct business relationship between the person and the business.
(C) For a commercial purpose other than providing the services to the business.
(g) A business that communicates a consumer’s opt-out request to a person pursuant to subdivision (f) shall not be liable under this title if the person receiving the opt-out request violates the restrictions set forth in the title provided that, at the time of communicating the opt-out request, the
						business does not have actual knowledge, or reason to believe, that the person intends to commit such a violation. Any provision of a contract or agreement of any kind that purports to waive or limit in any way this subdivision shall be void and unenforceable.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 4.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.140.
Definitions
For purposes of this title:
(a) “Advertising and marketing” means a communication by a business or a person acting on the business’ behalf in any medium intended to induce a consumer to obtain goods, services, or employment.
(b) “Aggregate consumer information” means information that relates to a group or category of consumers, from which individual consumer identities have been removed, that is not linked or reasonably linkable to any consumer or household, including via a device. “Aggregate consumer information” does not mean one or more individual consumer records that have been deidentified.
(c) “Biometric information” means an individual’s physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including information pertaining to an individual’s deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), that is used or is intended to be used singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity. Biometric information includes, but is not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
(d) “Business” means:
(1) A sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, association, or other legal entity that is
						organized or operated for the profit or financial benefit of its shareholders or other owners, that collects consumers’ personal information, or on the behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers’ personal information, that does business in the State of California, and that satisfies one or more of the following thresholds:
(A) As of January 1 of the calendar year, had annual gross revenues in excess of twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000) in the preceding calendar year, as adjusted pursuant to subdivision (d) of Section 1798.199.95.
(B) Alone or in combination, annually buys, sells, or shares the personal information of 100,000 or more consumers or households.
(C) Derives 50 percent or more of its annual
						revenues from selling or sharing consumers’ personal information.
(2) Any entity that controls or is controlled by a business, as defined in paragraph (1), and that shares common branding with the business and with whom the business shares consumers’ personal information. “Control” or “controlled” means ownership of, or the power to vote, more than 50 percent of the outstanding shares of any class of voting security of a business; control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors, or of individuals exercising similar functions; or the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management of a company. “Common branding” means a shared name, servicemark, or trademark that the average consumer would understand that two or more entities are commonly owned.
(3) A joint venture or partnership composed of businesses in which each business has at least a 40
						percent interest. For purposes of this title, the joint venture or partnership and each business that composes the joint venture or partnership shall separately be considered a single business, except that personal information in the possession of each business and disclosed to the joint venture or partnership shall not be shared with the other business.
(4) A person that does business in California, that is not covered by paragraph (1), (2), or (3), and that voluntarily certifies to the California Privacy Protection Agency that it is in compliance with, and agrees to be bound by, this title.
(e) “Business purpose” means the use of personal information for the business’ operational purposes, or other notified purposes, or for the service provider or contractor’s operational purposes, as defined by regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (10) of subdivision (a) of Section
						1798.185, provided that the use of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. Business purposes are:
(1) Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
(2) Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
(3) Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
(4) Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a consumer’s current interaction with the business, provided that the consumer’s personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about the consumer or otherwise alter the consumer’s experience outside the current interaction with the business.
(5) Performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on behalf of the business.
(6) Providing advertising and marketing services, except for cross-context behavioral advertising, to the consumer provided
						that, for the purpose of advertising and marketing, a service provider or contractor shall not combine the personal information of opted-out consumers that the service provider or contractor receives from, or on behalf of, the business with personal information that the service provider or contractor receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons or collects from its own interaction with consumers.
(7) Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
(8) Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business.
(f) “Collects,”
						“collected,” or “collection” means buying, renting, gathering, obtaining, receiving, or accessing any personal information pertaining to a consumer by any means. This includes receiving information from the consumer, either actively or passively, or by observing the consumer’s behavior.
(g) “Commercial purposes” means to advance a person’s commercial or economic interests, such as by inducing another person to buy, rent, lease, join, subscribe to, provide, or exchange products, goods, property, information, or services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
(h) “Consent” means any freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous indication of the consumer’s wishes by which the consumer, or the consumer’s legal guardian, a person who has power of attorney, or a person acting as a conservator for the consumer, including by a statement or by a
						clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal information relating to the consumer for a narrowly defined particular purpose. Acceptance of a general or broad terms of use, or similar document, that contains descriptions of personal information processing along with other, unrelated information, does not constitute consent. Hovering over, muting, pausing, or closing a given piece of content does not constitute consent. Likewise, agreement obtained through use of dark patterns does not constitute consent.
(i) “Consumer” means a natural person who is a California resident, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations, as that section read on September 1, 2017, however identified, including by any unique identifier.
(j) (1) “Contractor” means a person to whom the business makes available a consumer’s
						personal information for a business purpose, pursuant to a written contract with the business, provided that the contract:
(A) Prohibits the contractor from:
(i) Selling or sharing the personal information.
(ii) Retaining, using, or disclosing the personal information for any purpose other than for the business purposes specified in the contract, including retaining, using, or disclosing the personal information for a commercial purpose other than the business purposes specified in the contract, or as otherwise permitted by this title.
(iii) Retaining, using, or disclosing the information outside of the direct business relationship between the contractor and the business.
(iv) Combining
						the personal information that the contractor receives pursuant to a written contract with the business with personal information that it receives from or on behalf of another person or persons, or collects from its own interaction with the consumer, provided that the contractor may combine personal information to perform any business purpose as defined in regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (9) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, except as provided for in paragraph (6) of subdivision (e) and in regulations adopted by the California Privacy Protection Agency.
(B) Includes a certification made by the contractor that the contractor understands the restrictions in subparagraph (A) and will comply with them.
(C) Permits, subject to agreement with the contractor, the business to monitor the contractor’s compliance with the contract through measures, including, but not limited
						to, ongoing manual reviews and automated scans and regular assessments, audits, or other technical and operational testing at least once every 12 months.
(2) If a contractor engages any other person to assist it in processing personal information for a business purpose on behalf of the business, or if any other person engaged by the contractor engages another person to assist in processing personal information for that business purpose, it shall notify the business of that engagement, and the engagement shall be pursuant to a written contract binding the other person to observe all the requirements set forth in paragraph (1).
(k) “Cross-context behavioral advertising” means the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on the consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across businesses, distinctly branded internet websites, applications, or services,
						other than the business, distinctly branded internet website, application, or service with which the consumer intentionally interacts.
(l) “Dark pattern” means a user interface designed or manipulated with the substantial effect of subverting or impairing user autonomy, decisionmaking, or choice, as further defined by regulation.
(m) “Deidentified” means information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer provided that the business that possesses the information:
(1) Takes reasonable measures to ensure that the information cannot be associated with a consumer or household.
(2) Publicly commits to maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not to attempt to reidentify the
						information, except that the business may attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining whether its deidentification processes satisfy the requirements of this subdivision.
(3) Contractually obligates any recipients of the information to comply with all provisions of this subdivision.
(n) “Designated methods for submitting requests” means a mailing address, email address, internet web page, internet web portal, toll-free telephone number, or other applicable contact information, whereby consumers may submit a request or direction under this title, and any new, consumer-friendly means of contacting a business, as approved by the Attorney General pursuant to Section 1798.185.
(o) “Device” means any physical object that is capable of connecting to the internet, directly or indirectly, or to
						another device.
(p) “Homepage” means the introductory page of an internet website and any internet web page where personal information is collected. In the case of an online service, such as a mobile application, homepage means the application’s platform page or download page, a link within the application, such as from the application configuration, “About,” “Information,’’ or settings page, and any other location that allows consumers to review the notices required by this title, including, but not limited to, before downloading the application.
(q) “Household” means a group, however identified, of consumers who cohabitate with one another at the same residential address and share use of common devices or services.
(r) “Infer” or “inference” means the derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions
						from facts, evidence, or another source of information or data.
(s) “Intentionally interacts” means when the consumer intends to interact with a person, or disclose personal information to a person, via one or more deliberate interactions, including visiting the person’s internet website or purchasing a good or service from the person. Hovering over, muting, pausing, or closing a given piece of content does not constitute a consumer’s intent to interact with a person.
(t) “Nonpersonalized advertising” means advertising and marketing that is based solely on a consumer’s personal information derived from the consumer’s current interaction with the business with the exception of the consumer’s precise geolocation.
(u) “Person” means an individual, proprietorship, firm, partnership, joint venture, syndicate, business
						trust, company, corporation, limited liability company, association, committee, and any other organization or group of persons acting in concert.
(v) (1) “Personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household:
(A) Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other
						similar identifiers.
(B) Any personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80.
(C) Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
(D) Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
(E) Biometric information.
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
(G) Geolocation data.
(H) Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
(I) Professional or employment-related information.
(J) Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
(K) Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
(L) Sensitive personal information.
(2) (A) “Personal information” does not include publicly available information or lawfully obtained, truthful information that is a matter of public concern.
(B) (i) For purposes of this paragraph, “publicly available” means any of the following:
(I) Information that is lawfully made available from federal, state, or local government records.
(II) Information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media.
(III) Information made available by a person to whom the consumer has disclosed the information if the consumer has not restricted the information
						to a specific audience.
(ii) “Publicly available” does not mean biometric information collected by a business about a consumer without the consumer’s knowledge.
(3) “Personal information” does not include consumer information that is deidentified or aggregate consumer information.
(4) “Personal information” can exist in various formats, including, but not limited to, all of the following:
(A) Physical formats, including paper documents, printed images, vinyl records, or video tapes.
(B) Digital formats, including text, image, audio, or video files.
(C) Abstract digital formats, including compressed or encrypted files, metadata, or artificial intelligence systems that are capable of outputting personal information.
(w) “Precise geolocation” means any data that is derived from a device and that is used or intended to be used to locate a consumer within a geographic area that is equal to or less than the area of a circle with a radius of 1,850 feet, except as prescribed by regulations.
(x) “Probabilistic identifier” means the identification of a consumer or a consumer’s device to a degree of certainty of more probable than not based on any categories of personal information included in, or similar to, the categories enumerated in the definition of personal information.
(y) “Processing” means any operation or set of operations that are performed on personal information or on sets of personal information, whether or not by automated means.
(z) “Profiling” means any form of automated processing of personal information, as further defined by regulations pursuant to paragraph (15) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person and in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
(aa) “Pseudonymize” or “Pseudonymization” means the processing of personal information in a manner that renders the personal information no longer attributable to a specific consumer without the use of additional information, provided that the
						additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal information is not attributed to an identified or identifiable consumer.
(ab) “Research” means scientific analysis, systematic study, and observation, including basic research or applied research that is designed to develop or contribute to public or scientific knowledge and that adheres or otherwise conforms to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, including, but not limited to, studies conducted in the public interest in the area of public health. Research with personal information that may have been collected from a consumer in the course of the consumer’s interactions with a business’ service or device for other purposes shall be:
(1) Compatible with the business purpose for which the personal information was collected.
(2) Subsequently pseudonymized and deidentified, or deidentified and in the aggregate, such that the information cannot reasonably identify, relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with, or be linked, directly or indirectly, to a particular consumer, by a business.
(3) Made subject to technical safeguards that prohibit reidentification of the consumer to whom the information may pertain, other than as needed to support the research.
(4) Subject to business processes that specifically prohibit reidentification of the information, other than as needed to support the research.
(5) Made subject to business processes to prevent inadvertent release of deidentified information.
(6) Protected from any reidentification attempts.
(7) Used solely for research purposes that are compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
(8) Subjected by the business conducting the research to additional security controls that limit access to the research data to only those individuals as are necessary to carry out the research purpose.
(ac) “Security and integrity” means the ability of:
(1) Networks or information systems to detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
(2) Businesses to detect security incidents, resist malicious,
						deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions and to help prosecute those responsible for those actions.
(3) Businesses to ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
(ad) (1) “Sell,” “selling,” “sale,” or “sold,’’ means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
(2) For purposes of this title, a business does not sell personal information when:
(A) A consumer uses or directs the business to intentionally:
(i) Disclose personal
						information.
(ii) Interact with one or more third parties.
(B) The business uses or shares an identifier for a consumer who has opted out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information or limited the use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information for the purposes of alerting persons that the consumer has opted out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information or limited the use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information.
(C) The business transfers to a third party the personal information of a consumer as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of the business, provided that information is used or shared consistently with this title. If a third party materially alters how it uses or shares the
						personal information of a consumer in a manner that is materially inconsistent with the promises made at the time of collection, it shall provide prior notice of the new or changed practice to the consumer. The notice shall be sufficiently prominent and robust to ensure that existing consumers can easily exercise their choices consistently with this title. This subparagraph does not authorize a business to make material, retroactive privacy policy changes or make other changes in their privacy policy in a manner that would violate the Unfair and Deceptive Practices Act (Chapter 5 (commencing with Section 17200) of Part 2 of Division 7 of the Business and Professions Code).
(ae) “Sensitive personal information” means:
(1) Personal information that reveals:
(A) A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state
						identification card, or passport number.
(B) A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
(C) A consumer’s precise geolocation.
(D) A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, citizenship or immigration status, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
(E) The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
(F) A consumer’s genetic data.
(G) (i) A consumer’s neural data.
(ii) “Neural data” means information that is generated by measuring the activity of a consumer’s central or peripheral nervous system, and that is not inferred from nonneural information.
(2) (A) The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer.
(B) Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
(C) Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation.
(3) Sensitive personal information that is “publicly available”
						pursuant to paragraph (2) of subdivision (v) shall not be considered sensitive personal information or personal information.
(af) “Service” or “services” means work, labor, and services, including services furnished in connection with the sale or repair of goods.
(ag) (1) “Service provider” means a person that processes personal information on behalf of a business and that receives from or on behalf of the business consumer’s personal information for a business purpose pursuant to a written contract, provided that the contract prohibits the person from:
(A) Selling or sharing the personal information.
(B) Retaining, using, or disclosing the personal information for any purpose other than for the business purposes specified in the
						contract for the business, including retaining, using, or disclosing the personal information for a commercial purpose other than the business purposes specified in the contract with the business, or as otherwise permitted by this title.
(C) Retaining, using, or disclosing the information outside of the direct business relationship between the service provider and the business.
(D) Combining the personal information that the service provider receives from, or on behalf of, the business with personal information that it receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons, or collects from its own interaction with the consumer, provided that the service provider may combine personal information to perform any business purpose as defined in regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (9) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, except as provided for in paragraph (6) of
						subdivision (e) of this section and in regulations adopted by the California Privacy Protection Agency. The contract may, subject to agreement with the service provider, permit the business to monitor the service provider’s compliance with the contract through measures, including, but not limited to, ongoing manual reviews and automated scans and regular assessments, audits, or other technical and operational testing at least once every 12 months.
(2) If a service provider engages any other person to assist it in processing personal information for a business purpose on behalf of the business, or if any other person engaged by the service provider engages another person to assist in processing personal information for that business purpose, it shall notify the business of that engagement, and the engagement shall be pursuant to a written contract binding the other person to observe all the requirements set forth in paragraph (1).
(ah) (1) “Share,” “shared,” or “sharing” means sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged.
(2) For purposes of this title, a business does not share personal information when:
(A) A consumer uses or directs the business to intentionally disclose personal information or intentionally interact with one or more third parties.
(B) The business uses or shares an identifier for a consumer who has opted out of the sharing of the consumer’s personal information or limited the use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information for the purposes of alerting persons that the consumer has opted out of the sharing of the consumer’s personal information or limited the use of the consumer’s sensitive personal information.
(C) The business transfers to a third party the personal information of a consumer as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of the business, provided that information is used or shared consistently with this title. If a third party materially alters how it uses or shares the personal information of a consumer in a manner that is materially inconsistent with the promises made at the time of collection,
						it shall provide prior notice of the new or changed practice to the consumer. The notice shall be sufficiently prominent and robust to ensure that existing consumers can easily exercise their choices consistently with this title. This subparagraph does not authorize a business to make material, retroactive privacy policy changes or make other changes in their privacy policy in a manner that would violate the Unfair and Deceptive Practices Act (Chapter 5 (commencing with Section 17200) of Part 2 of Division 7 of the Business and Professions Code).
(ai) “Third party” means a person who is not any of the following:
(1) The business with whom the consumer intentionally interacts and that collects personal information from the consumer as part of the consumer’s current interaction with the business under this title.
(2) A
						service provider to the business.
(3) A contractor.
(aj) “Unique identifier” or “unique personal identifier” means a persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a consumer, a family, or a device that is linked to a consumer or family, over time and across different services, including, but not limited to, a device identifier; an Internet Protocol address; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers, or similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone numbers, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device that is linked to a consumer or family. For purposes of this subdivision, “family” means a custodial parent or guardian and any children under 18 years of age over which the parent or guardian has custody.
(ak) “Verifiable consumer request” means a request that is made by a consumer, by a consumer on behalf of the consumer’s minor child, by a natural person or a person registered with the Secretary of State, authorized by the consumer to act on the consumer’s behalf, or by a person who has power of attorney or is acting as a conservator for the consumer, and that the business can verify, using commercially reasonable methods, pursuant to regulations adopted by the Attorney General pursuant to paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185 to be the consumer about whom the business has collected personal information. A business is not obligated to provide information to the consumer pursuant to Sections 1798.110 and 1798.115, to delete personal information pursuant to Section 1798.105, or to correct inaccurate personal information pursuant to Section 1798.106, if the business cannot verify, pursuant to this subdivision and regulations adopted by the Attorney General pursuant to paragraph (6)
						of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185, that the consumer making the request is the consumer about whom the business has collected information or is a person authorized by the consumer to act on such consumer’s behalf.
(Amended (as amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 5) by Stats. 2024, Ch. 887, Sec. 1.5.   (SB 1223)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.145.
Exemptions
(a) (1) The obligations imposed on businesses by this title shall not restrict a business’s ability to:
(A) Comply with federal, state, or local laws or comply with a court order or subpoena to provide information.
(B) Comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities. Law enforcement agencies,
						including police and sheriff’s departments, may direct a business pursuant to a law enforcement agency-approved investigation with an active case number not to delete a consumer’s personal information, and, upon receipt of that direction, a business shall not delete the personal information for 90 days in order to allow the law enforcement agency to obtain a court-issued subpoena, order, or warrant to obtain a consumer’s personal information. For good cause and only to the extent necessary for investigatory purposes, a law enforcement agency may direct a business not to delete the consumer’s personal information for additional 90-day periods. A business that has received direction from a law enforcement agency not to delete the personal information of a consumer who has requested deletion of the consumer’s personal information shall not use the consumer’s personal information for any purpose other than
						retaining it to produce to law enforcement in response to a court-issued subpoena, order, or warrant unless the consumer’s deletion request is subject to an exemption from deletion under this title.
(C) Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that the business, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law.
(D) (i) Cooperate with a government agency request for emergency access to a consumer’s personal information if a natural person is at risk or danger of death or serious physical injury provided that:
(I) The request is approved by a high-ranking agency officer for emergency access to a
						consumer’s personal information.
(II) The request is based on the agency’s good faith determination that it has a lawful basis to access the information on a nonemergency basis.
(III) The agency agrees to petition a court for an appropriate order within three days and to destroy the information if that order is not granted.
(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph, a consumer accessing,
						procuring, or searching for services regarding contraception, pregnancy care, and perinatal care, including, but not limited to, abortion services, shall not constitute a natural person being at risk or danger of death or serious physical injury.
(E) Exercise or defend legal claims.
(F) Collect, use, retain, sell, share, or disclose consumers’ personal information that is deidentified or aggregate consumer information.
(G) Collect, sell, or share a consumer’s personal information if every aspect of that commercial conduct takes place wholly outside of California. For purposes of this title, commercial conduct takes place wholly outside of California if the business collected that information while the
						consumer was outside of California, no part of the sale of the consumer’s personal information occurred in California, and no personal information collected while the consumer was in California is sold. This paragraph shall not prohibit a business from storing, including on a device, personal information about a consumer when the consumer is in California and then collecting that personal information when the consumer and stored personal information is outside of California.
(2) (A) This subdivision shall not apply if the consumer’s personal information contains information related to accessing, procuring, or searching for services
						regarding contraception, pregnancy care, and perinatal care, including, but not limited to, abortion services.
(B) This paragraph does not alter the use of aggregated or deidentified personal information consistent with a business purpose as defined in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (7), or (8) of subdivision (e) of Section 1798.140, provided that the personal information is only retained in aggregated and deidentified form and is not sold or shared.
(C) This paragraph does not alter the duty of a business to preserve or retain evidence pursuant to California or federal law in an ongoing civil proceeding.
(b) The obligations imposed on businesses by Sections 1798.110, 1798.115,
						1798.120, 1798.121, 1798.130, and 1798.135 shall not apply where compliance by the business with the title would violate an evidentiary privilege under California law and shall not prevent a business from providing the personal information of a consumer to a person covered by an evidentiary privilege under California law as part of a privileged communication.
(c) (1) This title shall not apply to any of the following:
(A) Medical information governed by the Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (Part 2.6 (commencing with Section 56) of Division 1) or protected health information that is collected by a covered entity or business associate governed by the privacy, security, and breach notification rules issued by the United States Department of Health and Human
						Services, Parts 160 and 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, established pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-191) and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (Public Law 111-5).
(B) A provider of health care governed by the Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (Part 2.6 (commencing with Section 56) of Division 1) or a covered entity governed by the privacy, security, and breach notification rules issued by the United States Department of Health and Human Services, Parts 160 and 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, established pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-191), to the extent the provider or covered entity maintains patient information in the same manner as
						medical information or protected health information as described in subparagraph (A) of this section.
(C) Personal information collected as part of a clinical trial or other biomedical research study subject to, or conducted in accordance with, the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects, also known as the Common Rule, pursuant to good clinical practice guidelines issued by the International Council for Harmonisation or pursuant to human subject protection requirements of the United States Food and Drug Administration, provided that the information is not sold or shared in a manner not permitted by this subparagraph, and, if it is inconsistent, that participants be informed of that use and provide consent.
(2) For purposes of this subdivision, the definitions of
						“medical information” and “provider of health care” in Section 56.05 shall apply and the definitions of “business associate,” “covered entity,” and “protected health information” in Section 160.103 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations shall apply.
(d) (1) This title shall not apply to an activity involving the collection, maintenance, disclosure, sale, communication, or use of any personal information bearing on a consumer’s
						creditworthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living by a consumer reporting agency, as defined in subdivision (f) of Section 1681a of Title 15 of the United States Code, by a furnisher of information, as set forth in Section 1681s-2 of Title 15 of the United States Code, who provides information for use in a consumer report, as defined in subdivision (d) of Section 1681a of Title 15 of the United States Code, and by a user of a consumer report as set forth in Section 1681b of Title 15 of the United States Code.
(2) Paragraph (1) shall apply only to the extent that such activity involving the collection, maintenance, disclosure, sale, communication, or use of such information by that agency, furnisher, or user is subject to regulation under the Fair
						Credit Reporting Act, Section 1681 et seq., Title 15 of the United States Code and the information is not collected, maintained, used, communicated, disclosed, or sold except as authorized by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
(3) This subdivision shall not apply to Section 1798.150.
(e) This title shall not apply to personal information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed subject to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (Public Law 106-102), and implementing regulations, or the California Financial Information Privacy Act (Division 1.4 (commencing with Section 4050) of the Financial Code), or the federal Farm Credit Act of 1971 (as amended in 12 U.S.C. 2001-2279cc and implementing regulations, 12 C.F.R. 600, et seq.). This subdivision shall not apply to Section 1798.150.
(f) This title shall not apply to personal information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed pursuant to the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994 (18 U.S.C. Sec. 2721 et seq.). This subdivision shall not apply to Section 1798.150.
(g) (1) Section 1798.120 shall not apply to vehicle information or ownership information retained or shared between a new motor vehicle dealer, as defined in Section 426 of the Vehicle Code, and the vehicle’s manufacturer, as defined in Section 672 of the Vehicle Code, if the vehicle information or ownership information is shared for the purpose of effectuating, or in anticipation of effectuating, a vehicle repair covered by a vehicle warranty or a recall conducted pursuant to Sections 30118 to 30120, inclusive, of Title 49 of the United
						States Code, provided that the new motor vehicle dealer or vehicle manufacturer with which that vehicle information or ownership information is shared does not sell, share, or use that information for any other purpose.
(2) Section 1798.120 shall not apply to vessel information or ownership information retained or shared between a vessel dealer and the vessel’s manufacturer, as defined in Section 651 of the Harbors and Navigation Code, if the vessel information or ownership information is shared for the purpose of effectuating, or in anticipation of effectuating, a vessel repair covered by a vessel warranty or a recall conducted pursuant to Section 4310 of Title 46 of the United States Code, provided that the vessel dealer or vessel manufacturer with which that vessel information or ownership information is shared does not sell, share, or use
						that information for any other purpose.
(3) For purposes of this subdivision:
(A) “Ownership information” means the name or names of the registered owner or owners and the contact information for the owner or owners.
(B) “Vehicle information” means the vehicle information number, make, model, year, and odometer reading.
(C) “Vessel dealer” means a person who is engaged, wholly or in part, in the business of selling or offering for sale, buying or taking in trade for the purpose of resale, or exchanging, any vessel or vessels, as defined in Section 651 of the Harbors and Navigation Code, and receives or expects to receive money, profit, or any other
						thing of value.
(D) “Vessel information” means the hull identification number, model, year, month and year of production, and information describing any of the following equipment as shipped, transferred, or sold from the place of manufacture, including all attached parts and accessories:
(i) An inboard engine.
(ii) An outboard engine.
(iii) A stern drive unit.
(iv) An inflatable personal floatation device approved under Section 160.076 of Title 46 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(h) Notwithstanding a
						business’s obligations to respond to and honor consumer rights requests pursuant to this title:
(1) A time period for a business to respond to a consumer for any verifiable consumer request may be extended by up to a total of 90 days where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. The business shall inform the consumer of any such extension within 45 days of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay.
(2) If the business does not take action on the request of the consumer, the business shall inform the consumer, without delay and at the latest within the time period permitted of response by this section, of the reasons for not taking action and any rights the consumer may have to appeal the
						decision to the business.
(3) If requests from a consumer are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, a business may either charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested, or refuse to act on the request and notify the consumer of the reason for refusing the request. The business shall bear the burden of demonstrating that any verifiable consumer request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
(i) (1) A business that discloses personal information to a
						service provider or contractor in compliance with this title shall not be liable under this title if the service provider or contractor receiving the personal information uses it in violation of the restrictions set forth in the title, provided that, at the time of disclosing the personal information, the business does not have actual knowledge, or reason to believe, that the service provider or contractor intends to commit such a violation. A service provider or contractor shall likewise not be liable under this title for the obligations of a business for which it provides services as set forth in this title provided that the service provider or contractor shall be liable for its own violations of this title.
(2) A business that discloses personal information of a consumer, with the exception of consumers who have exercised their
						right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information, consumers who have limited the use or disclosure of their sensitive personal information, and minor consumers who have not opted in to the collection or sale of their personal information, to a third party pursuant to a written contract that requires the third party to provide the same level of protection of the consumer’s rights under this title as provided by the business shall not be liable under this title if the third party receiving the personal information uses it in violation of the restrictions set forth in this title provided that, at the time of disclosing the personal information, the business does not have actual knowledge, or reason to believe, that the third party intends to commit such a violation.
(j) This title shall not be construed to require a business,
						service provider, or contractor to:
(1) Reidentify or otherwise link information that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information.
(2) Retain any personal information about a consumer if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about the consumer would not be retained.
(3) Maintain information in identifiable, linkable, or associable form, or collect, obtain, retain, or access any data or technology, in order to be capable of linking or associating a verifiable consumer request with personal information.
(k) The rights afforded to consumers and the obligations imposed on
						the business in this title shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other natural persons. A verifiable consumer request for specific pieces of personal information pursuant to Section 1798.110, to delete a consumer’s personal information pursuant to Section 1798.105, or to correct inaccurate personal information pursuant to Section 1798.106, shall not extend to personal information about the consumer that belongs to, or the business maintains on behalf of, another natural person. A business may rely on representations made in a verifiable consumer request as to rights with respect to personal information and is under no legal requirement to seek out other persons that may have or claim to have rights to personal information, and a business is under no legal obligation under this title or any other provision of law to take any action under this title in the event of a dispute between or
						among persons claiming rights to personal information in the business’s possession.
(l) The rights afforded to consumers and the obligations imposed on any business under this title shall not apply to the extent that they infringe on the noncommercial activities of a person or entity described in subdivision (b) of Section 2 of Article I of the
						California Constitution.
(m) (1) This title shall not apply to any of the following:
(A) Personal information that is collected by a business about a natural person in the course of the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or independent contractor of, that business to the extent that the natural person’s personal information is collected and used by the business solely within the context of the natural person’s role or former role as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or an independent contractor of, that business.
(B) Personal information that is
						collected by a business that is emergency contact information of the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or independent contractor of, that business to the extent that the personal information is collected and used solely within the context of having an emergency contact on file.
(C) Personal information that is necessary for the business to retain to administer benefits for another natural person relating to the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or independent contractor of, that business to the extent that the personal information is collected and used solely within the context of administering those benefits.
(2) For purposes of this subdivision:
(A) “Independent contractor” means a natural person who provides any service to a business pursuant to a written contract.
(B) “Director” means a natural person designated in the articles of incorporation as director, or elected by the incorporators and natural persons designated, elected, or appointed by any other name or title to act as directors, and their successors.
(C) “Medical staff member” means a licensed physician and surgeon, dentist, or podiatrist, licensed pursuant to Division 2 (commencing with Section 500) of the Business and Professions Code and a clinical psychologist as defined in Section 1316.5 of the Health and Safety Code.
(D) “Officer” means a natural person elected or appointed by the board of directors to manage the daily operations of a corporation, including a chief executive officer, president, secretary, or treasurer.
(E) “Owner” means a natural person who meets one of the following criteria:
(i) Has ownership of, or the power to vote, more than 50 percent of the outstanding shares of any class of voting security of a business.
(ii) Has control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors or of individuals exercising similar functions.
(iii) Has the power to exercise a controlling influence
						over the management of a company.
(3) This subdivision shall not apply to subdivision (a) of Section 1798.100 or Section 1798.150.
(4) This subdivision shall become inoperative on January 1, 2023.
(n) (1) The obligations imposed on businesses by Sections 1798.100, 1798.105, 1798.106, 1798.110, 1798.115, 1798.121, 1798.130, and 1798.135 shall not apply to personal information reflecting a written or verbal communication or a transaction between the business and the consumer, where the consumer is a natural person who acted or is acting as an employee, owner, director, officer, or independent contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit, or government agency and
						whose communications or transaction with the business occur solely within the context of the business conducting due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving a product or service to or from such company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit, or government agency.
(2) For purposes of this subdivision:
(A) “Independent contractor” means a natural person who provides any service to a business pursuant to a written contract.
(B) “Director” means a natural person designated in the articles of incorporation as such or elected by the incorporators and natural persons designated, elected, or appointed by any other name or title to act as directors, and their successors.
(C) “Officer” means a natural person elected or appointed by the board of directors to manage the daily operations of a corporation, such as a chief executive officer, president, secretary, or treasurer.
(D) “Owner” means a natural person who meets one of the following:
(i) Has ownership of, or the power to vote, more than 50 percent of the outstanding shares of any class of voting security of a business.
(ii) Has control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors or of individuals exercising similar functions.
(iii) Has the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management of a company.
(3) This subdivision shall become inoperative on January 1, 2023.
(o) (1) Sections 1798.105 and 1798.120 shall not apply to a commercial credit reporting agency’s collection, processing, sale, or disclosure of business controller information to the extent the commercial credit reporting agency uses the business controller information solely to identify the relationship of a consumer to a business that the consumer owns or contact the consumer only in the consumer’s role as the owner, director, officer, or management employee of the business.
(2) For the purposes of this subdivision:
(A) “Business controller information” means the name or
						names of the owner or owners, director, officer, or management employee of a business and the contact information, including a business title, for the owner or owners, director, officer, or management employee.
(B) “Commercial credit reporting agency” has the meaning set forth in subdivision (b) of Section 1785.42.
(C) “Owner” means a natural person that meets one of the following:
(i) Has ownership of, or the power to vote, more than 50 percent of the outstanding shares of any class of voting security of a business.
(ii) Has control in any manner over the election of a majority of the directors or of individuals exercising similar functions.
(iii) Has the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management of a company.
(D) “Director” means a natural person designated in the articles of incorporation of a business as director, or elected by the incorporators and natural persons designated, elected, or appointed by any other name or title to act as directors, and their successors.
(E) “Officer” means a natural person elected or appointed by the board of directors of a business to manage the daily operations of a corporation, including a chief executive officer, president, secretary, or treasurer.
(F) “Management employee” means a natural person whose name and contact information is reported
						to or collected by a commercial credit reporting agency as the primary manager of a business and used solely within the context of the natural person’s role as the primary manager of the business.
(p) The obligations imposed on businesses in Sections 1798.105, 1798.106, 1798.110, and 1798.115 shall not apply to household data.
(q) (1) This title does not require a business to comply with a verifiable consumer request to delete a consumer’s personal information under Section 1798.105 to the extent the verifiable consumer request applies to a student’s grades, educational scores, or educational test results that the business holds on behalf of a local educational agency, as defined in subdivision (d) of Section 49073.1 of the Education Code, at which the
						student is currently enrolled. If a business does not comply with a request pursuant to this section, it shall notify the consumer that it is acting pursuant to this exception.
(2) This title does not require, in response to a request pursuant to Section 1798.110, that a business disclose on educational standardized assessment or educational assessment or a consumer’s specific responses to the educational standardized assessment or educational assessment if consumer access, possession, or control would jeopardize the validity and reliability of that educational standardized assessment or educational assessment. If a business does not comply with a request pursuant to this section, it shall notify the consumer that it is acting pursuant to this exception.
(3) For purposes of
						this subdivision:
(A) “Educational standardized assessment or educational assessment” means a standardized or nonstandardized quiz, test, or other assessment used to evaluate students in or for entry to kindergarten and grades 1 to 12, inclusive, schools, postsecondary institutions, vocational programs, and postgraduate programs that are accredited by an accrediting agency or organization recognized by the State of California or the United States Department of Education, as well as certification and licensure examinations used to determine competency and eligibility to receive certification or licensure from a government agency or government certification body.
(B) “Jeopardize the validity and reliability of that educational standardized assessment or educational assessment” means releasing
						information that would provide an advantage to the consumer who has submitted a verifiable consumer request or to another natural person.
(r) Sections 1798.105 and 1798.120 shall not apply to a business’s use, disclosure, or sale of particular pieces of a consumer’s personal information if the consumer has consented to the business’s use, disclosure, or sale of that information to produce a physical item, including a school yearbook containing the consumer’s photograph if:
(1) The business has incurred significant expense in reliance on the consumer’s consent.
(2) Compliance with the consumer’s request to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information or to delete the consumer’s personal information would not be commercially reasonable.
(3) The business complies with the consumer’s request as soon as it is commercially reasonable to do so.
(Amended by Stats. 2023, Ch. 567, Sec. 2.   (AB 1194)   Effective January 1, 2024.   Subdivisions (m) and (n) inoperative January 1, 2023, by their own provisions.)
1798.146.
(a) This title shall not apply to any of the following:
(1) Medical information governed by the Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (Part 2.6 (commencing with Section 56) of Division 1) or protected health information that is collected by a covered entity or business associate governed by the privacy, security, and breach notification rules issued by the United States Department of Health and Human Services,
				Parts 160 and 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, established pursuant to the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-191) and the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Title XIII of the federal American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-5).
(2) A provider of health care governed by the Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (Part 2.6 (commencing with Section 56) of Division 1) or a covered entity governed by the privacy, security, and breach notification rules issued by the United States Department of Health and Human Services, Parts 160 and 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, established pursuant to the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-191), to the extent the provider or covered entity maintains, uses, and discloses patient information in the same manner as
				medical information or protected health information as described in paragraph (1).
(3) A business associate of a covered entity governed by the privacy, security, and data breach notification rules issued by the United States Department of Health and Human Services, Parts 160 and 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, established pursuant to the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-191) and the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Title XIII of the federal American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-5), to the extent that the business associate maintains, uses, and discloses patient information in the same manner as medical information or protected health information as described in paragraph (1).
(4) (A) Information that meets both of the
				following conditions:
(i) It is deidentified in accordance with the requirements for deidentification set forth in Section 164.514 of Part 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(ii) It is derived from patient information that was originally collected, created, transmitted, or maintained by an entity regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Confidentiality Of Medical Information Act, or the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects, also known as the Common Rule.
(B) Information that met the requirements of subparagraph (A) but is subsequently reidentified shall no longer be eligible for the exemption in this paragraph, and shall be subject to applicable federal and state data privacy and security laws, including, but not limited to, the Health Insurance
				Portability and Accountability Act, the Confidentiality Of Medical Information Act, and this title.
(5) Information that is collected, used, or disclosed in research, as defined in Section 164.501 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, including, but not limited to, a clinical trial, and that is conducted in accordance with applicable ethics, confidentiality, privacy, and security rules of Part 164 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects, also known as the Common Rule, good clinical practice guidelines issued by the International Council for Harmonisation, or human subject protection requirements of the United States Food and Drug Administration.
(b) For purposes of this section, all of the following shall apply:
(1) “Business associate” has
				the same meaning as defined in Section 160.103 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(2) “Covered entity” has the same meaning as defined in Section 160.103 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(3) “Identifiable private information” has the same meaning as defined in Section 46.102 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(4) “Individually identifiable health information” has the same meaning as defined in Section 160.103 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(5) “Medical information” has the same meaning as defined in Section 56.05.
(6) “Patient information” shall mean identifiable private information, protected health information, individually
				identifiable health information, or medical information.
(7) “Protected health information” has the same meaning as defined in Section 160.103 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(8) “Provider of health care” has the same meaning as defined in Section 56.05.
(Added by Stats. 2020, Ch. 172, Sec. 2.   (AB 713)   Effective September 25, 2020.)
1798.148.
(a) A business or other person shall not reidentify, or attempt to reidentify, information that has met the requirements of paragraph (4) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.146, except for one or more of the following purposes:
(1) Treatment, payment, or health care operations conducted by a covered entity or business associate acting on behalf of, and at the written direction of, the covered entity. For purposes of
				this paragraph, “treatment,” “payment,” “health care operations,” “covered entity,” and “business associate” have the same meaning as defined in Section 164.501 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(2) Public health activities or purposes as described in Section 164.512 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(3) Research, as defined in Section 164.501 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, that is conducted in accordance with Part 46 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects, also known as the Common Rule.
(4) Pursuant to a contract where the lawful holder of the deidentified information that met the requirements of paragraph (4) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.146 expressly engages a person or entity to attempt to
				reidentify the deidentified information in order to conduct testing, analysis, or validation of deidentification, or related statistical techniques, if the contract bans any other use or disclosure of the reidentified information and requires the return or destruction of the information that was reidentified upon completion of the contract.
(5) If otherwise required by law.
(b) In accordance with paragraph (4) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.146, information reidentified pursuant this section shall be subject to applicable federal and state data privacy and security laws including, but not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, and this title.
(c) Beginning January 1, 2021, any contract for the sale or license of deidentified information
				that has met the requirements of paragraph (4) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.146, where one of the parties is a person residing or doing business in the state, shall include the following, or substantially similar, provisions:
(1) A statement that the deidentified information being sold or licensed includes deidentified patient information.
(2) A statement that reidentification, and attempted reidentification, of the deidentified information by the purchaser or licensee of the information is prohibited pursuant to this section.
(3) A requirement that, unless otherwise required by law, the purchaser or licensee of the deidentified information may not further disclose the deidentified information to any third party unless the third party is contractually bound by the same or stricter restrictions and conditions.
(d) For purposes of this section, “reidentify” means the process of reversal of deidentification techniques, including, but not limited to, the addition of specific pieces of information or data elements that can, individually or in combination, be used to uniquely identify an individual or usage of any statistical method, contrivance, computer software, or other means that have the effect of associating deidentified information with a specific identifiable individual.
(Added by Stats. 2020, Ch. 172, Sec. 3.   (AB 713)   Effective September 25, 2020.)
1798.150.
Personal Information Security Breaches
(a) (1) Any consumer whose nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information, as defined in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) of subdivision (d) of Section 1798.81.5, or whose email address in combination with a password or security question and answer that would permit access to the account is subject to an unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure as a result of the business’
						violation of the duty to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information to protect the personal information may institute a civil action for any of the following:
(A) To recover damages in an amount not less than one hundred dollars ($100) and not greater than seven hundred and fifty ($750) per consumer per incident or actual damages, whichever is greater. The amounts in this subdivision shall be adjusted pursuant to subdivision (d) of Section 1798.199.95.
(B) Injunctive or declaratory relief.
(C) Any other relief the court deems proper.
(2) In assessing the amount of statutory
						damages, the court shall consider any one or more of the relevant circumstances presented by any of the parties to the case, including, but not limited to, the nature and seriousness of the misconduct, the number of violations, the persistence of the misconduct, the length of time over which the misconduct occurred, the willfulness of the defendant’s misconduct, and the defendant’s assets, liabilities, and net worth.
(b) Actions pursuant to this section may be brought by a consumer if, prior to initiating any action against a business for statutory damages on an individual or class-wide basis, a consumer provides a business 30 days’ written notice identifying the specific provisions of this title the consumer alleges have been or are being violated. In the event a cure is possible, if within the 30 days the business actually cures the noticed
						violation and provides the consumer an express written statement that the violations have been cured and that no further violations shall occur, no action for individual statutory damages or class-wide statutory damages may be initiated against the business. The implementation and maintenance of reasonable security procedures and practices pursuant to Section 1798.81.5 following a breach does not constitute a cure with respect to that breach. No notice shall be required prior to an individual consumer initiating an action solely for actual pecuniary damages suffered as a result of the alleged violations of this title. If a business continues to violate this title in breach of the express written statement provided to the consumer under this section, the consumer may initiate an action against the business to enforce the written statement and may pursue statutory damages for each breach of the
						express written statement, as well as any other violation of the title that postdates the written statement.
(c) The cause of action established by this section shall apply only to violations as defined in subdivision (a) and shall not be based on violations of any other section of this title. Nothing in this title shall be interpreted to serve as the basis for a private right of action under any other law. This shall not be construed to relieve any party from any duties or obligations imposed under other law or the United States or California Constitution.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 6.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.155.
Administrative Enforcement
(a) Any business, service provider, contractor, or other person that violates this title shall be liable for an administrative fine of not more than two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violation or seven thousand five hundred dollars ($7,500) for each intentional violation or violations involving the personal information of consumers whom the business, service provider, contractor, or other person has actual knowledge are under 16 years of age, as adjusted pursuant to subdivision  (d) of Section 1798.199.95, in an administrative enforcement action brought by the California Privacy Protection Agency.
(b) Any administrative fine assessed for a violation of this title, and the proceeds of any settlement of an action brought pursuant to subdivision (a), shall be deposited in the Consumer Privacy Fund, created within the General Fund pursuant to subdivision (a) of Section 1798.160 with the intent to fully offset any costs incurred by the state courts, the Attorney General, and the California Privacy Protection Agency in connection with this title.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 7.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.160.
Consumer Privacy Fund
(a) A special fund to be known as the “Consumer Privacy Fund” is hereby created within the General Fund in the State Treasury, and is available upon appropriation by the Legislature first to offset any costs incurred by the state courts in connection with actions brought to enforce this title, the costs incurred by the California Privacy Protection Agency in carrying out its duties under this title, the costs incurred by the Attorney General in carrying out the Attorney General’s duties under this title, and then for the purposes of establishing an investment fund in the State Treasury, with any earnings or interest from the fund to be deposited in the
						General Fund, and making grants to promote and protect consumer privacy, educate children in the area of online privacy, and fund cooperative programs with international law enforcement organizations to combat fraudulent activities with respect to consumer data breaches.
(b) Funds transferred to the Consumer Privacy Fund shall be used exclusively as follows:
(1) To offset any costs incurred by the state courts, the California Privacy Protection Agency, and the Attorney General in connection with this title.
(2) After satisfying the obligations under paragraph (1), the remaining funds shall be allocated each fiscal year as follows:
(A) Ninety-one percent shall be invested by the Treasurer in financial assets with the goal of maximizing long-term yields consistent with a prudent level of risk. The principal shall not be subject to transfer or appropriation, provided that any interest and earnings shall be transferred on an annual basis to the General Fund for appropriation by the Legislature for General Fund purposes.
(B) Subject to subdivision (d), 9 percent shall be made available to the California Privacy Protection Agency for the purposes of making grants in California, with 3 percent allocated to each of the following grant recipients:
(i) Nonprofit organizations to promote and protect consumer privacy.
(ii) Nonprofit organizations and public agencies, including school districts, to educate children in the area of online privacy.
(iii) State and local law enforcement agencies to fund cooperative programs with international law enforcement organizations to combat fraudulent activities with respect to consumer data breaches.
(c) Funds in the Consumer Privacy Fund shall not be subject to appropriation or transfer by the Legislature for any other purpose.
(d) (1) The California Privacy Protection Agency shall begin administering the grant program described in
						subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) of subdivision (b) when the amount of grant funds available after all other distributions have been made in accordance with this section exceeds three hundred thousand dollars ($300,000).
(2) In a fiscal year in which the amount of funds available for grants pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) of subdivision (b) are equal to or less than three hundred thousand dollars ($300,000), the funds shall remain in the Consumer Privacy Fund and that amount shall be reserved for future year appropriations for the purpose of making grants pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) of subdivision (b) until the total funds accrued for that purpose after all other distributions have been made exceeds three hundred thousand dollars ($300,000).
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 8.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.175.
Conflicting Provisions
This title is intended to further the constitutional right of privacy and to supplement existing laws relating to consumers’ personal information, including, but not limited to, Chapter 22 (commencing with Section 22575) of Division 8 of the Business and Professions Code and Title 1.81 (commencing with Section 1798.80). The provisions of this title are not limited to information collected electronically or over the Internet, but apply to the collection and sale of all personal information collected by a business from consumers. Wherever possible, law relating to consumers’ personal information should be construed to
				harmonize with the provisions of this title, but in the event of a conflict between other laws and the provisions of this title, the provisions of the law that afford the greatest protection for the right of privacy for consumers shall control.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 19.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.180.
Preemption
This title is a matter of statewide concern and supersedes and preempts all rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, and other laws adopted by a city, county, city and county, municipality, or local agency regarding the collection and sale of consumers’ personal information by a business.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 20.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.185.
Regulations
(a) On or before July 1, 2020, the Attorney General shall solicit broad public participation and adopt regulations to further the purposes of this title, including, but not limited to, the following areas:
(1) Updating or adding categories of personal information to those enumerated in subdivision (c) of Section 1798.130 and subdivision (v) of Section 1798.140, and updating or adding categories of sensitive personal information to those enumerated in subdivision (ae) of Section 1798.140 in order to address changes in technology, data collection practices, obstacles to implementation, and privacy concerns.
(2) Updating as needed the definitions of “deidentified” and “unique identifier” to address changes in technology, data collection, obstacles to implementation, and privacy concerns, and adding, modifying, or deleting categories to the definition of designated methods for submitting requests to facilitate a consumer’s ability to obtain information from a business pursuant to Section 1798.130. The authority to update the definition of “deidentified” shall not apply to deidentification standards set forth in Section 164.514 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, where such information previously was “protected health information” as defined in Section 160.103 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
(3) Establishing any exceptions necessary to comply with state or
						federal law, including, but not limited to, those relating to trade secrets and intellectual property rights, within one year of passage of this title and as needed thereafter, with the intention that trade
						secrets should not be disclosed in response to a verifiable consumer request.
(4) Establishing rules and procedures for the following:
(A) To facilitate and govern the submission of a request by a consumer to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information pursuant to Section 1798.120 and to limit the use of a consumer’s sensitive personal information pursuant to Section 1798.121 to ensure that consumers have the ability to exercise their choices without undue burden and to prevent business from engaging in deceptive or harassing conduct, including in retaliation against consumers for exercising their rights, while allowing businesses to inform consumers of the consequences of their decision to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information
						or to limit the use of their sensitive personal information.
(B) To govern business compliance with a consumer’s opt-out request.
(C) For the development and use of a recognizable and uniform opt-out logo or button by all businesses to promote consumer awareness of the opportunity to opt out of the sale of personal information.
(5) Establishing rules, procedures, and any exceptions necessary to ensure that the notices and information that businesses are required to provide pursuant to this title are provided in a manner that may be easily understood by the average consumer, are accessible to consumers with disabilities, and are available in the language primarily used to interact with the consumer, including establishing
						rules and guidelines regarding financial incentives within one year of passage of this title and as needed thereafter.
(6) Establishing rules and procedures to further the purposes of Sections 1798.105, 1798.106, 1798.110, and 1798.115 and to facilitate a consumer’s or the consumer’s authorized agent’s ability to delete personal information, correct inaccurate personal information pursuant to Section 1798.106, or obtain information pursuant to Section 1798.130, with the goal of minimizing the administrative burden on consumers, taking into account available technology, security concerns, and the burden on the business, to govern a business’
						determination that a request for information received from a consumer is a verifiable consumer request, including treating a request submitted through a password-protected account maintained by the consumer with the business while the consumer is logged into the account as a verifiable consumer request and providing a mechanism for a consumer who does not maintain an account with the business to request information through the business’ authentication of the consumer’s identity, within one year of passage of this title and as needed thereafter.
(7) Establishing how often, and under what circumstances, a
						consumer may request a correction pursuant to Section 1798.106, including standards governing the following:
(A) How a business responds to a request for correction, including exceptions for requests to which a response is impossible or would involve disproportionate effort, and requests for correction of accurate information.
(B) How concerns regarding the accuracy of the information may be resolved.
(C) The steps a business may take to prevent fraud.
(D) If a business rejects a request to correct personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health, the right of a consumer to provide a written addendum to the business with respect
						to any item or statement regarding any such personal information that the consumer believes to be incomplete or incorrect. The addendum shall be limited to 250 words per alleged incomplete or incorrect item and shall clearly indicate in writing that the consumer requests the addendum to be made a part of the consumer’s record.
(8) Establishing the standard to govern a business’ determination, pursuant to subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.130, that providing information beyond the 12-month period in a response to a verifiable consumer request is impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort.
(9) Issuing regulations further defining and adding to the business purposes, including other notified purposes, for which businesses, service providers, and contractors may use consumers’ personal information consistent with consumers’ expectations, and further defining the business purposes for which service providers and contractors may combine consumers’ personal information obtained from different sources, except as provided for in paragraph (6) of subdivision (e) of Section 1798.140.
(10) Issuing regulations identifying those business purposes, including other notified purposes, for which service providers and contractors may use consumers’ personal information received pursuant to a written contract with a business, for the service provider or contractor’s own business
						purposes, with the goal of maximizing consumer privacy.
(11) Issuing regulations to further define “intentionally interacts,” with the goal of maximizing consumer privacy.
(12) Issuing regulations to further define “precise geolocation,” including if the size defined is not sufficient to protect consumer privacy in sparsely populated areas or when the personal information is used for normal operational purposes, including billing.
(13) Issuing regulations to define the term “specific pieces of information obtained from the consumer” with the goal of maximizing a consumer’s right to access relevant personal information while minimizing the delivery of information to a consumer that would not be useful to the consumer,
						including system log information and other technical data. For delivery of the most sensitive personal information, the regulations may require a higher standard of authentication provided that the agency shall monitor the impact of the higher standard on the right of consumers to obtain their personal information to ensure that the requirements of verification do not result in the unreasonable denial of verifiable consumer requests.
(14) Issuing regulations requiring businesses whose processing of consumers’ personal information presents significant risk to consumers’ privacy or security, to:
(A) Perform a cybersecurity audit on an annual basis, including defining the scope of the audit and establishing a process to ensure that audits are thorough and independent. The factors
						to be considered in determining when processing may result in significant risk to the security of personal information shall include the size and complexity of the business and the nature and scope of processing activities.
(B) Submit to the California Privacy Protection Agency on a regular basis a risk assessment with respect to their processing of personal information, including whether the processing involves sensitive personal information, and identifying and weighing the benefits resulting from the processing to the business, the consumer, other stakeholders, and the public, against the potential risks to the rights of the consumer associated with that processing, with the goal of restricting or prohibiting the processing if the risks to privacy of the consumer outweigh the benefits resulting from processing to the consumer, the
						business, other stakeholders, and the public. Nothing in this section shall require a business to divulge trade secrets.
(15) Issuing regulations governing access and opt-out rights with respect to a business’ use of automated decisionmaking technology, including profiling and requiring a business’
						response to access requests to include meaningful information about the logic involved in those decisionmaking processes, as well as a description of the likely outcome of the process with respect to the consumer.
(16) Issuing regulations to further define a “law enforcement agency-approved investigation” for purposes of the exception in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.145.
(17) Issuing regulations to define the scope and process for the exercise of the agency’s audit authority, to establish criteria for selection of persons to audit, and to protect consumers’ personal information from disclosure to an auditor in the absence of a court order, warrant, or subpoena.
(18) (A) Issuing regulations to define the requirements and technical specifications for an opt-out preference signal sent by a platform, technology, or mechanism, to indicate a consumer’s intent to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information and to limit the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information. The requirements and specifications for the opt-out preference signal should be updated from time to time to reflect the means by which consumers interact with businesses, and should:
(i) Ensure that the manufacturer of a platform or browser or device that sends the opt-out preference signal cannot unfairly disadvantage another business.
(ii) Ensure that the opt-out preference signal is consumer-friendly,
						clearly described, and easy to use by an average consumer and does not require that the consumer provide additional information beyond what is necessary.
(iii) Clearly represent a consumer’s intent and be free of defaults constraining or presupposing that intent.
(iv) Ensure that the opt-out preference signal does not conflict with other commonly used privacy settings or tools that consumers may employ.
(v) Provide a mechanism for the consumer to selectively consent to a business’
						sale of the consumer’s personal information, or the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information, without affecting the consumer’s preferences with respect to other businesses or disabling the opt-out preference signal globally.
(vi) State that in the case of a page or setting view that the consumer accesses to set the opt-out preference signal, the consumer should see up to three choices, including:
(I) Global opt out from sale and sharing of personal information, including a direction to limit the use of sensitive personal information.
(II) Choice to “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information.”
(III) Choice
						titled “Do Not Sell/Do Not Share My Personal Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising.”
(B) Issuing regulations to establish technical specifications for an opt-out preference signal that allows the consumer, or the consumer’s parent or guardian, to specify that the consumer is less than 13 years of age or at least 13 years of age and less than 16 years of age.
(C) Issuing regulations, with the goal of strengthening consumer privacy while considering the legitimate operational interests of businesses, to govern the use or disclosure of a consumer’s sensitive personal information, notwithstanding the consumer’s direction to limit the use or disclosure of the consumer’s sensitive personal information, including:
(i) Determining
						any additional purposes for which a business may use or disclose a consumer’s sensitive personal information.
(ii) Determining the scope of activities permitted under paragraph (8) of subdivision (e) of Section 1798.140, as authorized by subdivision (a) of Section 1798.121, to ensure that the activities do not involve health-related research.
(iii) Ensuring the functionality of the business’ operations.
(iv) Ensuring that the exemption in subdivision (d) of Section 1798.121 for sensitive personal information applies to information that is
						collected or processed incidentally, or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer, while ensuring that businesses do not use the exemption for the purpose of evading consumers’ rights to limit the use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information under Section 1798.121.
(19) Issuing regulations to govern how a business that has elected to comply with subdivision (b) of Section 1798.135 responds to the opt-out preference signal and provides consumers with the opportunity subsequently to consent to the sale or sharing of their personal information or the use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information for purposes in addition to those authorized by subdivision (a) of Section 1798.121. The regulations should:
(A) Strive to promote
						competition and consumer choice and be technology neutral.
(B) Ensure that the business does not respond to an opt-out preference signal by:
(i) Intentionally degrading the functionality of the consumer experience.
(ii) Charging the consumer a fee in response to the consumer’s opt-out preferences.
(iii) Making any products or services not function properly or fully for the consumer, as compared to consumers who do not use the opt-out preference signal.
(iv) Attempting to coerce the consumer to opt in to the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information, or the use or disclosure
						of the consumer’s sensitive personal information, by stating or implying that the use of the opt-out preference signal will adversely affect the consumer as compared to consumers who do not use the opt-out preference signal, including stating or implying that the consumer will not be able to use the business’ products or services or that those products or services may not function properly or fully.
(v) Displaying any notification or pop-up in response to the consumer’s opt-out preference signal.
(C) Ensure that any link to a web page or its supporting content that allows the consumer to consent to
						opt in:
(i) Is not part of a popup, notice, banner, or other intrusive design that obscures any part of the web page the consumer intended to visit from full view or that interferes with or impedes in any way the consumer’s experience visiting or browsing the web page or internet website the consumer intended to visit.
(ii) Does not require or imply that the consumer must click the link to receive full functionality of any products or services, including the internet website.
(iii) Does not make use of any dark patterns.
(iv) Applies only to the business with which the consumer intends to interact.
(D) Strive to curb coercive or deceptive practices in response to an opt-out preference signal but should not unduly restrict businesses that are trying in good faith to comply with Section 1798.135.
(20) Review existing Insurance Code provisions and regulations relating to consumer privacy, except those relating to insurance rates or pricing, to determine whether any provisions of the Insurance Code provide greater protection to consumers than the provisions of this title. Upon completing its review, the agency shall adopt a regulation that applies only the more protective provisions of this title to insurance companies. For the purpose of clarity, the Insurance Commissioner shall have jurisdiction over insurance rates and pricing.
(21) Harmonizing the regulations
						governing opt-out mechanisms, notices to consumers, and other operational mechanisms in this title to promote clarity and the functionality of this title for consumers.
(b) The Attorney General may adopt additional regulations as necessary to further the purposes of this title.
(c) The Attorney General shall not bring an enforcement action under this title until six months after the publication of the final regulations issued pursuant to this section or July 1, 2020, whichever is sooner.
(d) Notwithstanding subdivision (a), the timeline for adopting final regulations required by the act adding this subdivision shall be July 1, 2022. Beginning the later of July 1, 2021, or six months after the agency provides
						notice to the Attorney General that it is prepared to begin rulemaking under this title, the authority assigned to the Attorney General to adopt regulations under this section shall be exercised by the California Privacy Protection Agency. Notwithstanding any other law, civil and administrative enforcement of the provisions of law added or amended by this act shall not commence until July 1, 2023, and shall only apply to violations occurring on or after that date. Enforcement of provisions of law contained in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 amended by this act shall remain in effect and shall be enforceable until the same provisions of this act become enforceable.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 9.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.190.
Anti-Avoidance
A court or the agency shall disregard the intermediate steps or transactions for purposes of effectuating the purposes of this title:
(a) If a series of steps or transactions were component parts of a single transaction intended from the beginning to be taken with the intention of avoiding the reach of this title, including the disclosure of information by a business to a third party in order to avoid the definition of sell or share.
(b) If steps or transactions were taken to purposely avoid the
				definition of sell or share by eliminating any monetary or other valuable consideration, including by entering into contracts that do not include an exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, but where a party is obtaining something of value or use.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 22.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.192.
Waiver
Any provision of a contract or agreement of any kind, including a representative action waiver, that purports to waive or limit in any way rights under this title, including, but not limited to, any right to a remedy or means of enforcement, shall be deemed contrary to public policy and shall be void and unenforceable. This section shall not prevent a consumer from declining to request information from a business, declining to opt out of a business’s sale of the consumer’s personal information, or authorizing a business to sell or share the consumer’s personal information after previously
				opting out.
(Amended November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 23.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative January 1, 2023, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.194.
This title shall be liberally construed to effectuate its purposes.
(Added by Stats. 2018, Ch. 55, Sec. 3.   (AB 375)   Effective January 1, 2019.   Section operative January 1, 2020, pursuant to Section 1798.198.)
1798.196.
This title is intended to supplement federal and state law, if permissible, but shall not apply if such application is preempted by, or in conflict with, federal law or the United States or California Constitution.
(Amended (as added by Stats. 2018, Ch. 55, Sec. 3) by Stats. 2018, Ch. 735, Sec. 15.   (SB 1121)   Effective September 23, 2018.   Section operative January 1, 2020, pursuant to Section 1798.198.)
1798.198.
(a) Subject to limitation provided in subdivision (b), and in Section 1798.199, this title shall be operative January 1, 2020.
(b) This title shall become operative only if initiative measure No. 17-0039, The Consumer Right to Privacy Act of 2018, is withdrawn from the ballot pursuant to Section 9604 of the Elections Code.
(Amended (as added by Stats. 2018, Ch. 55, Sec. 3) by Stats. 2018, Ch. 735, Sec. 16.   (SB 1121)   Effective September 23, 2018.)
1798.199.
Notwithstanding Section 1798.198, Section 1798.180 shall be operative on the effective date of the act adding this section.
(Added by Stats. 2018, Ch. 735, Sec. 17.   (SB 1121)   Effective September 23, 2018.   Operative September 23, 2018.)
1798.199.10.
(a) There is hereby established in state government the California Privacy Protection Agency, which is vested with full administrative power, authority, and jurisdiction to implement and enforce the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. The agency shall be governed by a five-member board, including the chairperson. The chairperson and one member of the board shall be appointed by the Governor. The Attorney General, Senate Rules
				Committee, and Speaker of the Assembly shall each appoint one member. These appointments should be made from among Californians with expertise in the areas of privacy, technology, and consumer rights.
(b) The initial appointments to the agency shall be made within 90 days of the effective date of the act adding this section.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.1.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.15.
Members of the agency board shall:
(a) Have qualifications, experience, and skills, in particular in the areas of privacy and technology, required to perform the duties of the agency and exercise its powers.
(b) Maintain the confidentiality of information which has come to their knowledge in the course of the performance of their
				tasks or exercise of their powers, except to the extent that disclosure is required by the Public Records Act.
(c) Remain free from external influence, whether direct or indirect, and shall neither seek nor take instructions from another.
(d) Refrain from any action incompatible with their duties and engaging in any incompatible occupation, whether gainful or not, during their term.
(e) Have the right of access to all information made available by the agency to the chairperson.
(f) Be precluded, for a period of one year after leaving office, from accepting employment with a business that was subject to an enforcement action or civil action under this title during the member’s tenure or during the five-year period preceding the member’s appointment.
(g) Be precluded for a period of two years after leaving office from acting, for compensation, as an agent or attorney for, or otherwise representing, any other person in a matter pending before the agency if the purpose is to influence an action of the agency.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.2.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.20.
Members of the agency board, including the chairperson, shall serve at the pleasure of their appointing authority but shall serve for no longer than eight consecutive years.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.3.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.25.
For each day on which they engage in official duties, members of the agency board shall be compensated at the rate of one hundred dollars ($100), adjusted pursuant to subdivision (d) of Section 1798.199.95, and shall be reimbursed for expenses incurred in performance of their official duties.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 10.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.199.30.
The agency board shall appoint an executive director who shall act in accordance with agency policies and regulations and with applicable law. The agency shall appoint and discharge officers, counsel, and employees, consistent with applicable civil service laws, and shall fix the compensation of employees and prescribe their duties. The agency may contract for services that cannot be provided by its employees.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.5.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.35.
The agency board may delegate authority to the chairperson or the executive director to act in the name of the agency between meetings of the agency, except with respect to resolution of enforcement actions and rulemaking authority.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.6.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.40.
The agency shall perform the following functions:
(a) Administer, implement, and enforce through administrative actions this title.
(b) On and after the later of July 1, 2021, or within six months of the agency providing the Attorney General with notice that it is prepared to assume rulemaking responsibilities under this title, adopt, amend, and rescind regulations pursuant to Section 1798.185 to carry out the purposes and provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, including regulations specifying recordkeeping requirements for businesses to ensure compliance with this title.
(c) Through the implementation of this title, protect the
						fundamental privacy rights of natural persons with respect to the use of their personal information.
(d) Promote public awareness and understanding of the risks, rules, responsibilities, safeguards, and rights in relation to the collection, use, sale, and disclosure of personal information, including the rights of minors with respect to their own information, and provide a public report summarizing the risk assessments filed with the agency pursuant to paragraph (14) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185 while ensuring that data security is not compromised.
(e) Provide guidance to consumers regarding their rights under this title.
(f) Provide guidance to businesses regarding their duties and responsibilities
						under this title and appoint a Chief Privacy Auditor to conduct audits of businesses to ensure compliance with this title pursuant to regulations adopted pursuant to paragraph (17) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.185.
(g) Provide technical assistance and advice to the Legislature, upon request, with respect to privacy-related legislation.
(h) Monitor relevant developments relating to the protection of personal information and, in particular, the development of information and communication technologies and commercial practices.
(i) Cooperate with other agencies with jurisdiction over privacy laws and with data processing authorities in California, other states, territories, and countries to ensure consistent application
						of privacy protections.
(j) Establish a mechanism pursuant to which persons doing business in California that do not meet the definition of business set forth in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subdivision (d) of Section 1798.140 may voluntarily certify that they are in compliance with this title, as set forth in paragraph (4) of subdivision (d) of Section 1798.140, and make a list of those entities available to the public.
(k) Solicit, review, and approve applications for grants to the extent funds are available pursuant to paragraph (2) of subdivision (b) of Section 1798.160.
(l) Perform all other acts necessary or appropriate in the exercise of its power, authority, and jurisdiction and seek to balance the goals
						of strengthening consumer privacy while giving attention to the impact on businesses.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 11.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.199.45.
(a) Upon the sworn complaint of any person or on its own initiative, the agency may investigate possible violations of this title relating to any business, service provider, contractor, or person. The agency may decide not to investigate a complaint or decide to provide a business with a time period to cure the alleged violation. In making a decision not to investigate or provide more time to cure, the agency may consider the following:
(1) Lack of intent to violate this title.
(2) Voluntary efforts undertaken by the business, service provider, contractor, or person to cure the alleged violation prior to being notified
						by the agency of the complaint.
(b) (1) The agency shall notify in writing the person who made the complaint of the action, if any, the agency has taken or plans to take on the complaint, together with the reasons for that action or nonaction.
(2) The written notification required by this subdivision shall not include information that is subject to law enforcement exemptions and privileges, including, but not limited to, confidential information related to an investigation and information that is privileged under the Evidence Code and the Government Code.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 12.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.199.50.
No finding of probable cause to believe this title has been violated shall be made by the agency unless, at least 30 days prior to the agency’s consideration of the alleged violation, the business, service provider, contractor, or person alleged to have violated this title is notified of the violation by service of process or registered mail with return receipt requested, provided with a summary of the evidence, and informed of their right to be present in
				person and represented by counsel at any proceeding of the agency held for the purpose of considering whether probable cause exists for believing the person violated this title. Notice to the alleged violator shall be deemed made on the date of service, the date the registered mail receipt is signed, or if the registered mail receipt is not signed, the date returned by the post office. A proceeding held for the purpose of considering probable cause shall be private unless the alleged violator files with the agency a written request that the proceeding be public.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.9.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.55.
(a) When the agency determines there is probable cause for believing this title has been violated, it shall hold a hearing to determine if a violation has or violations have occurred. Notice shall be given and the hearing conducted in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act (Chapter 5 (commencing with Section 11500), Part 1, Division 3, Title 2, Government Code). The agency shall have all the powers granted by that chapter.
				If the agency determines on the basis of the hearing conducted pursuant to this subdivision that a violation or violations have occurred, it shall issue an order that may require the violator to do all or any of the following:
(1) Cease and desist violation of this title.
(2) Subject to Section 1798.155, pay an administrative fine of up to two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violation, or up to seven thousand five hundred dollars ($7,500) for each intentional violation and each violation involving the personal information of minor consumers to the Consumer Privacy Fund within the General Fund of the state. When the agency determines that no violation has occurred, it shall publish a declaration so stating.
(b) If two or more persons are responsible for any violation or violations, they shall be
				jointly and severally liable.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.10.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.60.
Whenever the agency rejects the decision of an administrative law judge made pursuant to Section 11517 of the Government Code, the agency shall state the reasons in writing for rejecting the decision.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.11.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.65.
The agency may subpoena witnesses, compel their attendance and testimony, administer oaths and affirmations, take evidence and require by subpoena the production of any books, papers, records, or other items material to the performance of the agency’s duties or exercise of its powers, including, but not limited to, its power to audit a business’ compliance with this title.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.12.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.70.
No administrative action brought pursuant to this title alleging a violation of any of the provisions of this title shall be commenced more than five years after the date on which the violation occurred.
(a) The service of the probable cause hearing notice, as required by Section 1798.199.50, upon the person alleged to have violated this title shall constitute the commencement of the
				administrative action.
(b) If the person alleged to have violated this title engages in the fraudulent concealment of the person’s acts or identity, the five-year period shall be tolled for the period of the concealment. For purposes of this subdivision, “fraudulent concealment” means the person knows of material facts related to the person’s duties under this title and knowingly conceals them in performing or omitting to perform those duties for the purpose of defrauding the public of information to which it is entitled under this title.
(c) If, upon being ordered by a superior court to produce any documents sought by a subpoena in any administrative proceeding under this title, the person alleged to have violated this title fails to produce documents in response to the order by the date ordered to comply therewith, the five-year period shall be tolled for the period of the delay
				from the date of filing of the motion to compel until the date the documents are produced.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.13.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.75.
(a) In addition to any other available remedies, the agency may bring a civil action and obtain a judgment in superior court for the purpose of collecting any unpaid administrative fines imposed pursuant to this title after exhaustion of judicial review of the agency’s action. The action may be filed as a small claims, limited civil, or unlimited civil case depending on the jurisdictional amount. The venue for this action shall be in
				the county where the administrative fines were imposed by the agency. In order to obtain a judgment in a proceeding under this section, the agency shall show, following the procedures and rules of evidence as applied in ordinary civil actions, all of the following:
(1) That the administrative fines were imposed following the procedures set forth in this title and implementing regulations.
(2) That the defendant or defendants in the action were notified, by actual or constructive notice, of the imposition of the administrative fines.
(3) That a demand for payment has been made by the agency and full payment has not been received.
(b) A civil action brought pursuant to subdivision (a) shall be commenced within four years after the date on which the
				administrative fines were imposed.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.14.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.80.
(a) If the time for judicial review of a final agency order or decision has lapsed, or if all means of judicial review of the order or decision have been exhausted, the agency may apply to the clerk of the court for a judgment to collect the administrative fines imposed by the order or decision, or the order as modified in accordance with a decision on judicial review.
(b) The application, which shall include a certified copy of the order or decision, or the order as modified in accordance with a decision on judicial review, and proof of service of the order or decision, constitutes a sufficient showing to warrant issuance of the judgment to collect the administrative fines. The clerk of the court shall enter the judgment immediately in conformity with the application.
(c) An application made pursuant to this section shall be made to the clerk of the superior court in the county where the administrative fines were imposed by the agency.
(d) A judgment entered in accordance with this section has the same force and effect as, and is subject to all the provisions of law relating to, a judgment in a civil action and may be enforced in the same manner as any other judgment of the court in which it is entered.
(e) The agency may bring an application pursuant to this section only within four years after the date on which all means of judicial review of the order or decision have been exhausted.
(f) The remedy available under this section is in addition to those available under any other law.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.15.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.85.
Any decision of the agency with respect to a complaint or administrative fine shall be subject to judicial review in an action brought by an interested party to the complaint or administrative fine and shall be subject to an abuse of discretion standard.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.16.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
1798.199.90.
(a) Any business, service provider, contractor, or other person that violates this title shall be subject to an injunction and liable for a civil penalty of not more than two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500) for each violation or seven thousand five hundred dollars ($7,500) for each intentional violation and each violation involving the personal information of minor consumers, as adjusted pursuant to subdivision (d) of Section 1798.199.95, which shall be assessed and recovered in a civil action brought in the name of the people of the State of California by the Attorney General. The court may consider the good faith cooperation of the business, service provider, contractor, or other person in determining the amount of the
						civil penalty.
(b) Any civil penalty recovered by an action brought by the Attorney General for a violation of this title, and the proceeds of any settlement of any said action, shall be deposited in the Consumer Privacy Fund.
(c) The agency shall, upon request by the Attorney General, stay an administrative action or investigation under this title to permit the Attorney General to proceed with an investigation or civil action and shall not pursue an administrative action or investigation, unless the Attorney General subsequently determines not to pursue an investigation or civil action. The agency may not limit the authority of the Attorney General to enforce this title.
(d) No civil action may be filed by the Attorney
						General under this section for any violation of this title after the agency has issued a decision pursuant to Section 1798.199.85 or an order pursuant to Section 1798.199.55 against that person for the same violation.
(e) This section shall not affect the private right of action provided for in Section 1798.150.
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 13.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.199.95.
(a) There is hereby appropriated from the General Fund of the state to the agency the sum of five million dollars ($5,000,000) during the fiscal year 2020–21, and the sum of ten million dollars ($10,000,000) adjusted for cost-of-living changes, during each fiscal year thereafter, for expenditure to support the operations of the agency pursuant to this title. The expenditure of funds under this appropriation shall be subject to the normal administrative review given to other state appropriations. The Legislature shall appropriate those additional amounts to the commission and other agencies as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this title.
(b) The Department of
						Finance, in preparing the state budget and the Budget Act bill submitted to the Legislature, shall include an item for the support of this title that shall indicate all of the following:
(1) The amounts to be appropriated to other agencies to carry out their duties under this title, which amounts shall be in augmentation of the support items of those agencies.
(2) The additional amounts required to be appropriated by the Legislature to the agency to carry out the purposes of this title, as provided for in this section.
(3) In parentheses, for informational purposes, the continuing appropriation during each fiscal year of ten million dollars ($10,000,000), adjusted for cost-of-living changes made pursuant to this
						section.
(c) The Attorney General shall provide staff support to the agency until the agency has hired its own staff. The Attorney General shall be reimbursed by the agency for these services.
(d) (1) On January 1, 2025, and on January 1 of any odd-numbered year thereafter, the California Privacy Protection Agency shall adjust the monetary thresholds in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) of subdivision (d) of Section 1798.140, subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) of subdivision (a) of Section 1798.150, subdivision (a) of Section 1798.155, Section 1798.199.25, and subdivision (a) of Section 1798.199.90 to reflect any increase in the Consumer Price Index.
(2) The agency shall use the Consumer Price Index
						(CPI) - California, All Items, All Urban Consumers percentage change from the previous two years’ reports, published by the Department of Industrial Relations, Office of the Director–Research. The agency shall apply the percentage change in the CPI for the August-to-August point in time of the prior two years. The increase in the thresholds shall be rounded to the nearest whole dollar.
(3) The agency shall post the adjusted monetary thresholds on its internet website no later than January 15 of the year in which the adjustment becomes effective.
(4) Notwithstanding any other law,
						adjustments to monetary thresholds and their publication on the agency’s internet website pursuant to this subdivision are not subject to the rulemaking provisions of the Administrative Procedure Act (Chapter 3.5 (commencing with Section 11340) of Part 1 of Division 3 of Title 2 of the Government Code).
(Amended by Stats. 2024, Ch. 121, Sec. 14.   (AB 3286)   Effective January 1, 2025.)
1798.199.100.
The agency and any court, as applicable, shall consider the good faith cooperation of the business, service provider, contractor, or other person in determining the amount of any administrative fine or civil penalty for a violation of this title. A business shall not be required by the agency, a court, or otherwise to pay both an administrative fine and a civil penalty for the same violation.
(Added November 3, 2020, by initiative Proposition 24, Sec. 24.19.   Effective December 16, 2020.   Operative December 16, 2020, pursuant to Sec. 31 of Proposition 24.)
CIV
Civil Code - CIV