Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 25, 2024
what changed?
July 25, 2024
- added Unesty as a server provider
July 31, 2023
- removed Cloudflare and Mailgun as 3rd-party providers. We are no longer using their services and instead host similar tools in-house now.
November 26, 2021
- improved the explanation of what data we collect and how we use this data
- improved the section on the third-party providers we use
- added more details about personal information, cookies, and more
August 7, 2021
- updated contact information
This policy is effective as of 25 July 2024.
SpaceHey is owned and operated by
Tibush GmbH
. In the following text,
SpaceHey
and
Tibush GmbH
may be used interchangeably.
Your privacy is important to us. It is SpaceHey's policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including across our website,
https://spacehey.com
, including all subdomains and other sites we own and operate.
Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. This includes information about you as a person (such as name, address, and date of birth), your devices, payment details, and even information about how you use a website or online service.
In the event our site contains links to third-party sites and services, please be aware that those sites and services have their own privacy policies. After following a link to any third-party content, you should read their posted privacy policy information about how they collect and use personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of your activities after you leave our site.
Information We Collect
Information we collect falls into one of two categories: "voluntarily provided" information and "automatically collected" information.
"Voluntarily provided" information refers to any information you knowingly and actively provide us when using or participating in any of our services and promotions.
"Automatically collected" information refers to any information automatically sent by your devices in the course of accessing our products and services.
Log Data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, and other details about your visit.
Additionally, if you encounter certain errors while using the site, we may automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data may include technical details about your device, what you were trying to do when the error happened, and other technical information relating to the problem. You may or may not receive notice of such errors, even in the moment they occur, that they have occurred, or what the nature of the error is.
Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.
Personal Information
We may ask for personal information — for example, when you create an account, submit content or when you contact us — which may include one or more of the following:
Name
Email Address
Other information you decide to share
User-Generated Content
We consider "user-generated content" to be materials (text, audio, image and/or video content) voluntarily supplied to us by our users for the purpose of publication on our website or re-publishing on our social media channels. All user-generated content is associated with the account or email address used to submit the materials.
Please be aware that any content you submit for the purpose of publication will be public after posting (and subsequent review or vetting process). Once published, it may be accessible to third parties not covered under this privacy policy.
Legitimate Reasons for Processing Your Personal Information
We only collect and use your personal information when we have a legitimate reason for doing so. In which instance, we only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary to provide our services to you.
Collection and Use of Information
We may collect personal information from you when you do any of the following on our website:
Register for an account
Use a mobile device or web browser to access our content
Contact us via email, social media, or on any similar technologies
When you mention us on social media
We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:
to provide you with our platform's core features and services
to deliver products and/or services to you
to contact and communicate with you
to attribute any content (e.g. posts and comments) you submit that we publish on our website
We may combine voluntarily provided and automatically collected personal information.
Security of Your Personal Information
When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security.
You are responsible for selecting any password and its overall security strength, ensuring the security of your own information within the bounds of our services. For example, ensuring any passwords associated with accessing your personal information and accounts are secure and confidential.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you have provided us with personal information as part of creating an account with us, we may retain this information for the duration your account exists on our system. If your personal information is no longer required for this purpose, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.
However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.
Children’s Privacy
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose personal information to:
a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of our company
third-party service providers for the purpose of enabling them to provide their services, including (without limitation) IT service providers, data storage, hosting and server providers, error loggers, debt collectors, maintenance or problem-solving providers, professional advisors, and payment systems operators
our employees, contractors, and/or related entities
our existing or potential agents or business partners
credit reporting agencies, courts, tribunals, and regulatory authorities, in the event you fail to pay for goods or services we have provided to you
courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities, and law enforcement officers, as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights
an entity that buys, or to which we transfer all or substantially all of our assets and business
Third parties we currently use include:
Hetzner
We use Hetzner as our server provider to host our website.
Hetzner is a service provided by Hetzner Online GmbH, Industriestr. 25, 91710 Gunzenhausen, Germany
Privacy Policy:
https://www.hetzner.com/legal/privacy-policy
Unesty
We use Unesty as a server provider to host parts of our infrastructure.
Unesty is a service provided by Collin Schneeweiß (Unesty Company), Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 5, 09648 Mittweida, Germany
Privacy Policy:
https://server.unesty.net/privacy
Bunny.net
We use Bunny.net to store and deliver media files, including profile pictures, icons, and more.
Bunny.net is a service provided by BunnyWay d.o.o., Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A, 1215 Medvode, Slovenia
Privacy Policy:
https://bunny.net/privacy
PayPal
We use PayPal to process payments and orders made in
our shop
.
PayPal is a service provided by PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
Privacy Policy:
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information
Your choice:
By providing personal information to us, you understand we will collect, hold, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our website or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Information from third parties:
If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.
Marketing permission:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below.by contacting us using the details below.
Access:
You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you.
Correction:
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date.
Non-discrimination:
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. Unless your personal information is required to provide you with a particular service or offer (for example providing user support), we will not deny you goods or services and/or charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, or provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
Downloading of Personal Information:
We provide a means for you to download the personal information you have shared through our site in your
Account Settings
. Please contact us for more information.
Notification of data breaches:
We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.
Complaints:
If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.
Unsubscribe:
To unsubscribe from our email database or opt-out of communications (including marketing communications), please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy, or opt-out using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity.
Use of Cookies
We use "cookies" to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified.
Types of cookies we use
Essential cookies
are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts, and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.
Functionality cookies
are used to store any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and time zone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced, or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site.
We do not use any performance or targeting/advertising cookies on our site.
Business Transfers
If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include data, including your personal information, among the assets transferred to any parties who acquire us. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, continue to use your personal information according to this policy, which they will be required to assume as it is the basis for any ownership or use rights we have over such information.
Limits of Our Policy
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.
If the changes are significant, or if required by applicable law, we will contact you (based on your selected preferences for communications from us) and all our registered users with the new details and links to the updated or changed policy.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.
Additional Disclosures for Australian Privacy Act Compliance (AU)
International Transfers of Personal Information
Where the disclosure of your personal information is solely subject to Australian privacy laws, you acknowledge that some third parties may not be regulated by the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act. You acknowledge that if any such third party engages in any act or practice that contravenes the Australian Privacy Principles, it would not be accountable under the Privacy Act, and you will not be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act.
Additional Disclosures for General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance (EU)
Data Controller / Data Processor
The GDPR distinguishes between organisations that process personal information for their own purposes (known as "data controllers") and organizations that process personal information on behalf of other organizations (known as "data processors"). We, SpaceHey, located at the address provided in our Contact Us section, are a Data Controller with respect to the personal information you provide to us.
Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
We will only collect and use your personal information when we have a legal right to do so. In which case, we will collect and use your personal information lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner. If we seek your consent to process your personal information, and you are under 16 years of age, we will seek your parent or legal guardian’s consent to process your personal information for that specific purpose.
Our lawful bases depend on the services you use and how you use them. This means we only collect and use your information on the following grounds:
Consent From You
Where you give us consent to collect and use your personal information for a specific purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the facilities we provide; however this will not affect any use of your information that has already taken place. When you contact us, you may consent to your name and email address being used so we can respond to your enquiry. While you may request that we delete your contact details at any time, we cannot recall any email we have already sent. If you have any further enquiries about how to withdraw your consent, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy.
Performance of a Contract or Transaction
Where you have entered into a contract or transaction with us, or in order to take preparatory steps prior to our entering into a contract or transaction with you. For example, if you contact us with an enquiry, we may require personal information such as your name and contact details in order to respond.
Our Legitimate Interests
Where we assess it is necessary for our legitimate interests, such as for us to provide, operate, improve and communicate our services. We consider our legitimate interests to include research and development, understanding our audience, marketing and promoting our services, measures taken to operate our services efficiently, marketing analysis, and measures taken to protect our legal rights and interests.
Compliance with Law
In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal information. Such cases may include (but are not limited to) court orders, criminal investigations, government requests, and regulatory obligations. If you have any further enquiries about how we retain personal information in order to comply with the law, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy.
International Transfers Outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
We will ensure that any transfer of personal information from countries in the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries outside the EEA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, for example by using standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, or the use of binding corporate rules or other legally accepted means.
Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information
Restrict:
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information if (i) you are concerned about the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) you believe your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (iii) you need us to maintain the personal information solely for the purpose of a legal claim; or (iv) we are in the process of considering your objection in relation to processing on the basis of legitimate interests.
Objecting to processing:
You have the right to object to processing of your personal information that is based on our legitimate interests or public interest. If this is done, we must provide compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which overrides your interests, rights, and freedoms, in order to proceed with the processing of your personal information.
Data portability:
You may have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Where possible, we will provide this information in JSON format or other easily readable machine format. You may also have the right to request that we transfer this personal information to a third party.
Deletion:
You can delete all personal information we hold about you at any time in your
Account Settings
. Please be aware that search engines and similar third parties may still retain copies of your personal information that has been made public at least once, like certain profile information and public comments, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deactivated your account.
You can find our contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
Additional Disclosures for California Compliance (US)
California Notice of Collection
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the California Consumer Privacy Act:
Identifiers, such as name, email address, account name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account.
Audio or visual data, such as photos or videos you share with us or post on the service.
Customer records, such as billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card data.
Any other personal information you share with us or post on the service.
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the "Information We Collect" section. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the "Collection and Use of Information" section, including to provide and manage our Service.
Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:
Tibush GmbH
E-Mail:
support@spacehey.com
Oberhaldenweg 32
72793 Pfullingen
Germany
Tel.: +4971217492534
CEO: Alisia Röhm
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hetzner.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Close
Server Auction
from
31
$ 35.00
Server Finder
from
37.30
$ 42.00
Dedicated
EX-Line
from
39.00
$ 44.00
AX-Line
from
37.30
$ 42.00
RX-Line
from
169.00
$ 188.00
SX-Line
from
104.00
$ 116.00
GPU-Line
from
184.00
$ 205.00
BRANDS
from
209.00
$ 233.00
Cloud
Web & Managed
Webhosting
from
1.76
$ 2.00
Managed Server
from
34.00
$ 38.00
Colocation
Storage
new
Object Storage
Storage Box
from
3.20
$ 4.00
Storage Share
from
4.29
$ 5.00
Services
Load Balancer
from
5.39
$ 5.99
Domain Registration
from
10.00
$ 12.00
DNS Console
free of charge
Registration Robot
from
3.28
$ 4.00
SSL Certificate
from
32.00
$ 36.00
Custom Solutions
on demand
Jobs
Community
About us
Company
Newsroom
Our customers
Career
Legal
Support
Login
Cloud
Robot
konsoleH
DNS
Legal Notice
Data Privacy
System Policies
Dedicated Server
Cloud and vServer
Managed Server
Webhosting Service
Storage Box
Terms and Conditions
Digital Services Act
Withdrawal Form
TLD Allocating Terms
Legal Notice
Data Privacy
System Policies
Dedicated Server
Cloud and vServer
Managed Server
Webhosting Service
Storage Box
Terms and Conditions
Digital Services Act
Withdrawal Form
TLD Allocating Terms
Privacy Policy
General information
This privacy policy applies to all online services of Hetzner Online GmbH.
The controller is:
Hetzner Online GmbH
Industriestr. 25
91710 Gunzenhausen
Germany
Tel.: +49 (0)9831 505-0
Fax: +49 (0)9831 505-3
Email:
info@hetzner.com
Registration Court Ansbach, HRB 6089
VAT ID No. DE 812871812
CEO: Martin Hetzner, Stephan Konvickova, Günther Müller
Alena Scholz is the data protection officer,
data-protection@hetzner.com
.
How do we process personal data?
We save and use your personal data only to process your orders and to get in touch with you. If you subscribe to our customer newsletter, we also use your email address to send the newsletter to you. We will automatically send you status messages from hetzner-status.de if you have previously changed your settings on our customer administration interface in which you request these messages. We also save and process data that job applicants provide us as part of the job application process.
What categories of data do we collect?
Every time you visit our website, your IP address and other pieces of information are saved in anonymized form. If you register an account with us, your contact information will be stored. If you order products from us, your address and payment information will also be stored.
In particular, we save the following data from you.
Registration data
When you register an account with us, we collect and process certain personal data from you as your registration data. For example, we need your name, address information, telephone number, payment information and your email address to process your order. If you pay using a credit card, we do not collect and store any payment information such as credit card numbers or verification codes. You disclose this information only to the respective payment service provider. One exception with credit card payments is what is known as the pseudo card number: in order for you not to have to enter your credit card information for every payment, a pseudo card number is saved for your account. The pseudo card number only enables payment for products on our website that you order using your customer account. A pseudo card number is not identical to the credit card number. We delete all your registration data either: within 24 months, as soon as you delete your user account with us, or once the statutory retention period expires. You can delete your user account with us by sending an email to
data-protection@hetzner.com
with your deletion request. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
Email addresses
If you subscribed to our newsletter, if someone invited you to a Hetzner Cloud project, or if you requested that you receive automated messages from
status.hetzner.com
, we also store your email address. We will delete your email address once you delete your user account or if you unsubscribe from our newsletter.
We use the double opt-in method to ensure that you actually want to receive the newsletter. If you go through this process, you agree to receive the newsletter and to be added to the mailing list for it, and then you will receive a confirmation email that will allow you to legally confirm that you have registered for the newsletter. We will only add your name to the mailing list if you actually complete the confirmation.
We use these data exclusively for sending information that you request including information about our new offers.
We use Brevo as our newsletter software. So if you agree to register for the newsletter, we will send your data to Sendinblue GmbH. Brevo is prohibited from selling your data and from using it for purposes other than sending our newsletter. Brevo is a German certified provider whom we chose because they must comply with the requirements of the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).
You can find more information on Brevo here:
https://www.brevo.com/legal/termsofuse/?rtype=n2go
You can revoke your consent at any time to the storage of your personal data (including your email address) and to the use of your data. You can do this, for example, by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legal basis for processing your data for the above purpose is Art. 6 (1) lit. a or Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
Server log files
Whenever you visit our websites, we automatically store certain data. This includes your IP address, type and version of the browser you use, and the time, date, and website from which you come to our site. Your IP address is saved in an anonymized manner. You can then no longer be identified. The legal basis for this data process is Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
Forum
If you register for our online discussion forum, we save your username and email address. After you delete your account in the forum, this saved data will also be deleted. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR.
Career portal
If you send us job application documents such as your resume, references and cover letter, we will save and process these pieces of data. Application documents from job applicants that do not result in hires are deleted after 6 months. If you wish to be considered for future job openings and you consent to a longer storage period, your application documents will be deleted after 24 months. With applications that result in hires, the documents are forwarded to our HR department. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the job application process is Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
Sweepstakes
We sometimes have sweepstakes on our websites for various occasions. If you choose to participate in the sweepstakes, we save your first and last names, your email address and, if applicable, the country you come from. We use the collected data only to process the sweepstakes. Once the sweepstakes end and the winner or winners are chosen and notified, the collected data are deleted. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR.
Website analysis
On our website, we use the open-source web analysis tool Matomo on our self-hosted system. Matomo uses cookies. These are text files that are saved on your computer and which allow Matomo to analyze how you use our website. The cookies generate information about how you use the website, and our server saves this information.
We do not send to third parties the data that the cookies generate about how you use our website. You can prevent the software from generating cookies by changing the settings of your internet browser. However, if you do this, you may not be able to use all of the functions on our website.
If you do not want us to save and use your data using Matomo, you can deactivate it by clicking here:
Show Preferences
Your internet browser will create an opt-out cookie, which will prevent the Matomo software from creating a cookie when you visit our website.
Who we forward your data to
External service providers may have access to your data while they assist us in providing our services. In some cases,  third parties such as government authorities, external consultants, or our business partners may receive your data.
In particular, this may occur in the following cases:
Domain registration
If we register a domain for you, we provide the required data to the corresponding registration service provider.
Payment via credit card:
If you pay via credit card, the payment is processed by an external service provider. For credit card payments, your information is collected directly by Computop at the address Computop Wirtschaftsinformatik GmbH, Schwarzenbergstr. 4, D-96050 Bamberg.
Debt collection agency
If you as a customer fail to pay your invoices on time, your necessary data are passed on to an external debt collection agency.
Job application documents
If you apply for a job in Tuusula, Finland or in Munich (Unterföhring) using our career portal, we pass on your job application documents to our subsidiaries at Hetzner Finland Oy or Hetzner Cloud GmbH. We have data processing agreements with both of them.
To manage our job applications, we use software from rexx systems GmbH. We also have a data processing agreement with this company.
Third countries
Data is transferred to third countries in adherence to the legally regulated admissibility requirements. We will not transfer your data to a third country if it does not serve the purpose of performing our contract with you; if we have no consent from you; if the transfer is not necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; and if there are no other exceptions. We will only transfer your data to a third country if there is an adequacy decision in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR or appropriate safeguards in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR.
Other categories of recipients
State authorities and courts
Where do we process your data?
We process your data exclusively in our data centers in Germany and in Finland.
Using the “Ask AI” chatbot
1.	General information
We at Hetzner rely on advanced technologies to provide the best possible customer service. This is why we use the “Ask AI” chatbot. It can help to answer your questions about our products. The chatbot is operated by kapa.ai and uses technology like ChatGPT in the background. You can find more information at
https://www.kapa.ai
.
The chatbot completely automates the answers to your questions, and does so based on textual analysis and machine learning. The answers are based entirely on information that Hetzner has created itself, for example, information on Hetzner Docs.
We may need to make adjustments to the data protection policy for the chatbot as part of the continuous process for its improvement and further development. That’s why we recommend that you review this set of policies from time to time.
2.	Scope and legal basis for the data processing
The chatbot collects and uses any and all information that you provide it with to answer your questions.
You do not need to provide any personal data to use the chatbot.
To increase the protection and security of your data, we use a tool that automatically detects personal data. (Hereafter, we will refer to this tool as the “PII tool”; “PII” is short for personally identifiable information.) If you enter personal data in the chatbot, such as your name or your email address, the tool will automatically recognize it. The chatbot will then respond by asking you to enter your request/question again, but this time without personal data.
Important note: Despite our best efforts, we cannot completely guarantee that the PII tool will recognize personal data if you enter it in the chatbot.
If you have a question/request that requires you to include personal data, please instead write a support request at
https://accounts.hetzner.com
.
We process your data soley for the purpose of providing you with our services and to continually improve our services. The legal bases for the processing of your personal data in relation to the PII tool is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the GDPR.
Kapa.ai uses the enterprise version of ChatGPT. The enterprise version of ChatGPT does not process personal data. You can find more information about this in ChatGPT’s privacy policy:
https://openai.com/enterprise-privacy
.
2.1 reCaptcha
When you use the chatbot, the tool reCaptcha is used. It is a tool that Google has developed, and it is used to make websites more secure. You can find more information about reCaptcha at
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/
. Google Fonts are loaded when you use the reCaptcha tool in the chatbot. You can find more information about Google Fonts at
https://fonts.google.com/about
.
3.	Data recipients / data transfer
Because the PII tool is in use, your data may be transferred to and processed using a server from kapa.ai Inc. which is located in the USA.
4.	Data storage and processing
The chatbot will store the complete chat history between you and the chatbot, and the time you used the chat (the date and time you accessed it) with kapa.ai after your question/request is processed. The chatbot will not ask you for your personal data and will not store any personal data that it recognizes.
We at Hetzner use the chat histories solely to monitor the quality of the chatbot’s responses, and to correct any mistakes. Your personal data will not be used for any training purposes for any large language models (LLMs). Any feedback that you provide about the chatbot’s answers will be used to improve future answers. We are constantly working to expand the database that the chatbot uses as part of our maintenance and review process.
5.	Cookies
In order to use the chatbot, you will need to accept all cookies. If you have only accepted the necessary cookies when you first accessed our website, you will be asked again whether you agree to the use of all cookies when you click on the “Ask AI” symbol. If you agree, these cookies will be used:
Session-Cookie
The session cookie is saved in the main memory of your device. The cookie contains an identifications number (session ID) as well as information about its origin and storage period. The cookie will only be stored for the duration of your visit to our website. After you leave our website, or after you close your broswer window, the cookie will be deleted.     
                The legal basis for the processing of this personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the GDPR because the session cookie is absolutely necessary for the chatbot to work.
Google-Cookies
When you use the chatbot, the tool Google reCaptcha will also be used (hereafter called “reCaptcha”). This is a service that is operated by Google Inc., whose address is: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA (hereafter called “Google”). This service makes websites more secure because it checks to see if data that is entered comes from humans or from automated programs. This process runs automatically in the background when you access our website. It includes information such as your IP address and the duration of time that you spend on our website. That data is then sent to Google. You can find more information about reCaptcha at
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/
.   
                Google Fonts are loaded when you use the reCaptcha tool in the chatbot. You can find more information about Google Fonts at
https://fonts.google.com/about
.
                The legal basis for the processing of this personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the GDPR; the legitimate interest lies in preventing bad actors from spying on and spamming the chatbot.
You can find more information about how Google processes your data in Google’s privacy policies:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
If you are logged onto your Google account in the background while you visit our website, Google will use additional cookies. Please see Google’s privacy policies for more information on that.
6. Creation of log files
Information is automatically storied on kapa.ai’s servers while the chatbot is in use; this is to make the chatbot run more smoothly and to improve the chatbot. This information includes the date and time of day, whether or not access to the chatbot was successful, and the URL. This data is stored for a maximum of 30 days in a log file, and it may make it possible to identify you.
The legal basis for the processing of this personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the GDPR; the collection and storage of this data is absolutely necessary for the chatbot to work.
7. Security
Your data will be transferred to the chatbot using an HTTPS connection. We at Hetzner and kapa.ai take several technical and organizational measures to ensure that your personal data remains safe from unauthorized access by third parties.
Social media data
YouTube
We integrate videos from the YouTube platform provided by Google (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland).
Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://youtube.com/opt-out
.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
Online presence on social media
We maintain online presence on social networks and platforms in order to communicate with our customers, interested parties, and users and to inform them about our services. We use Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, among others. When visiting each of these platforms, you as a user agree to the terms and conditions and the data processing guidelines of the corresponding operator.
Unless stated otherwise in our data privacy notice, we process user data if users communicate with us on these social networks and platforms, e.g. publish posts on our pages or send us messages.
We at Hetzner Online process users' data only when it is in the customer's legitimate interest for us to do so in accordance with Art. 6, (1) lit. b GDPR. As a company, we have a legal right to obtain general customer information to use in customer accounts. We also use customers' data for communication purposes. If any of the providers below request users for consent for processing their data, the legal basis for data pracessing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a. GDPR.
For detailed information about the data processing operations of the providers below, as well as their opt-out options, please check the links that we have listed below.
Facebook:
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2, Ireland.
Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.
X (former Twitter):
Provider: Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland.
Privacy policy:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://help.twitter.com/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
Instagram:
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2, Ireland.
Privacy policy:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Youtube:
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland.
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Surveys
We conduct surveys in order to constantly improve ourselves and our products. Participation is voluntary. We use the LimeSurvey tool (
https://www.limesurvey.org/
) for the survey.
If personal data is collected as part of the survey, it is processed and stored directly by the provider. You can access the company's data protection information via the following link:
https://www.limesurvey.org/privacy-policy
Your rights as a "data subject"
You have the right to information about your personal data that we process.
                If you do not make requests for information in writing, please bear in mind that we might ask you to provide proof that you who you claim to be.
                Furthermore, you have a right to rectification or deletion or restriction of processing,  as it is applicable to you under the law.
                Furthermore, in accordance with legal requirements, you have the right to object to us processing your data. You also have the right of data portability.
Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal data by us to a supervisory authority for data protection.
Voluntary nature of data provision
There is no statutory obligation for you to provide your data to Hetzner Online GmbH. However, you cannot use some of our services if you do not provide your data to us. Your decision to provide us with your personal data is completely voluntary.
Sub-policy 1
https://server.unesty.net/privacy:
Chat with us on WhatsApp
WhatsApp Support
Privacy Policy
1. Datenschutz auf einen Blick
Allgemeine Hinweise
Die folgenden Hinweise geben einen einfachen Überblick darüber, was mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten passiert, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen. Personenbezogene Daten sind alle Daten, mit denen Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können. Ausführliche Informationen zum Thema Datenschutz entnehmen Sie unserer unter diesem Text aufgeführten Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenerfassung auf unserer Website
Wer ist verantwortlich für die Datenerfassung auf dieser Website?
Die Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website erfolgt durch den Websitebetreiber. Dessen Kontaktdaten können Sie dem Impressum dieser Website entnehmen.
Wie erfassen wir Ihre Daten?
Ihre Daten werden zum einen dadurch erhoben, dass Sie uns diese mitteilen. Hierbei kann es sich z.B. um Daten handeln, die Sie in ein Kontaktformular eingeben.
Andere Daten werden automatisch beim Besuch der Website durch unsere IT-Systeme erfasst. Das sind vor allem technische Daten (z.B. Internetbrowser, Betriebssystem oder Uhrzeit des Seitenaufrufs). Die Erfassung dieser Daten erfolgt automatisch, sobald Sie unsere Website betreten.
Wofür nutzen wir Ihre Daten?
Ein Teil der Daten wird erhoben, um eine fehlerfreie Bereitstellung der Website zu gewährleisten. Andere Daten können zur Analyse Ihres Nutzerverhaltens verwendet werden.
Welche Rechte haben Sie bezüglich Ihrer Daten?
Sie haben jederzeit das Recht unentgeltlich Auskunft über Herkunft, Empfänger und Zweck Ihrer gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten. Sie haben außerdem ein Recht, die Berichtigung, Sperrung oder Löschung dieser Daten zu verlangen. Hierzu sowie zu weiteren Fragen zum Thema Datenschutz können Sie sich jederzeit unter der im Impressum angegebenen Adresse an uns wenden. Des Weiteren steht Ihnen ein Beschwerderecht bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde zu.
Analyse-Tools und Tools von Drittanbietern
Beim Besuch unserer Website kann Ihr Surf-Verhalten statistisch ausgewertet werden. Das geschieht vor allem mit Cookies und mit sogenannten Analyseprogrammen. Die Analyse Ihres Surf-Verhaltens erfolgt in der Regel anonym; das Surf-Verhalten kann nicht zu Ihnen zurückverfolgt werden. Sie können dieser Analyse widersprechen oder sie durch die Nichtbenutzung bestimmter Tools verhindern. Detaillierte Informationen dazu finden Sie in der folgenden Datenschutzerklärung.
Sie können dieser Analyse widersprechen. Über die Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten werden wir Sie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung informieren.
2. Allgemeine Hinweise und Pflichtinformationen
Datenschutz
Die Betreiber dieser Seiten nehmen den Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten sehr ernst. Wir behandeln Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vertraulich und entsprechend der gesetzlichen Datenschutzvorschriften sowie dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Wir weisen darauf hin, dass die Datenübertragung im Internet (z.B. bei der Kommunikation per E-Mail) Sicherheitslücken aufweisen kann. Ein lückenloser Schutz der Daten vor dem Zugriff durch Dritte ist nicht möglich.
Hinweis zur verantwortlichen Stelle
Die verantwortliche Stelle für die Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website ist:
Collin Schneeweiß
Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 5
09648 Mittweida, Deutschland
Telefon: +49 (0) 176 41080010
E-Mail: info@unesty.net
Verantwortliche Stelle ist die natürliche oder juristische Person, die allein oder gemeinsam mit anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten (z.B. Namen, E-Mail-Adressen o. Ä.) entscheidet.
Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung
Viele Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge sind nur mit Ihrer ausdrücklichen Einwilligung möglich. Sie können eine bereits erteilte Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Dazu reicht eine formlose Mitteilung per E-Mail an uns. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Datenverarbeitung bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.
Beschwerderecht bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde
Im Falle datenschutzrechtlicher Verstöße steht dem Betroffenen ein Beschwerderecht bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde zu. Zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde in datenschutzrechtlichen Fragen ist der Landesdatenschutzbeauftragte des Bundeslandes, in dem unser Unternehmen seinen Sitz hat. Eine Liste der Datenschutzbeauftragten sowie deren Kontaktdaten können folgendem Link entnommen werden:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
Sie haben das Recht, Daten, die wir auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung oder in Erfüllung eines Vertrags automatisiert verarbeiten, an sich oder an einen Dritten in einem gängigen, maschinenlesbaren Format aushändigen zu lassen. Sofern Sie die direkte Übertragung der Daten an einen anderen Verantwortlichen verlangen, erfolgt dies nur, soweit es technisch machbar ist.
SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung
Diese Seite nutzt aus Sicherheitsgründen und zum Schutz der Übertragung vertraulicher Inhalte, wie zum Beispiel Bestellungen oder Anfragen, die Sie an uns als Seitenbetreiber senden, eine SSL-bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung. Eine verschlüsselte Verbindung erkennen Sie daran, dass die Adresszeile des Browsers von “http://” auf “https://” wechselt und an dem Schloss-Symbol in Ihrer Browserzeile.
Wenn die SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung aktiviert ist, können die Daten, die Sie an uns übermitteln, nicht von Dritten mitgelesen werden.
Verschlüsselter Zahlungsverkehr auf dieser Website
Besteht nach dem Abschluss eines kostenpflichtigen Vertrags eine Verpflichtung, uns Ihre Zahlungsdaten (z.B. Kontonummer bei Einzugsermächtigung) zu übermitteln, werden diese Daten zur Zahlungsabwicklung benötigt.
Der Zahlungsverkehr über die gängigen Zahlungsmittel (Visa/MasterCard, Lastschriftverfahren) erfolgt ausschließlich über eine verschlüsselte SSL- bzw. TLS-Verbindung. Eine verschlüsselte Verbindung erkennen Sie daran, dass die Adresszeile des Browsers von "http://" auf "https://" wechselt und an dem Schloss-Symbol in Ihrer Browserzeile.
Bei verschlüsselter Kommunikation können Ihre Zahlungsdaten, die Sie an uns übermitteln, nicht von Dritten mitgelesen werden.
Auskunft, Sperrung, Löschung
Sie haben im Rahmen der geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen jederzeit das Recht auf unentgeltliche Auskunft über Ihre gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten, deren Herkunft und Empfänger und den Zweck der Datenverarbeitung und ggf. ein Recht auf Berichtigung, Sperrung oder Löschung dieser Daten. Hierzu sowie zu weiteren Fragen zum Thema personenbezogene Daten können Sie sich jederzeit unter der im Impressum angegebenen Adresse an uns wenden.
Widerspruch gegen Werbe-Mails
Der Nutzung von im Rahmen der Impressumspflicht veröffentlichten Kontaktdaten zur Übersendung von nicht ausdrücklich angeforderter Werbung und Informationsmaterialien wird hiermit widersprochen. Die Betreiber der Seiten behalten sich ausdrücklich rechtliche Schritte im Falle der unverlangten Zusendung von Werbeinformationen, etwa durch Spam-E-Mails, vor.
Telefon: +49 (0) 176 41080010
E-Mail: privacy@unesty.net
3. Datenerfassung auf unserer Website
Cookies
Die Internetseiten verwenden teilweise so genannte Cookies. Cookies richten auf Ihrem Rechner keinen Schaden an und enthalten keine Viren. Cookies dienen dazu, unser Angebot nutzerfreundlicher, effektiver und sicherer zu machen. Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Rechner abgelegt werden und die Ihr Browser speichert.
Die meisten der von uns verwendeten Cookies sind so genannte “Session-Cookies”. Sie werden nach Ende Ihres Besuchs automatisch gelöscht. Andere Cookies bleiben auf Ihrem Endgerät gespeichert bis Sie diese löschen. Diese Cookies ermöglichen es uns, Ihren Browser beim nächsten Besuch wiederzuerkennen.
Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass Sie über das Setzen von Cookies informiert werden und Cookies nur im Einzelfall erlauben, die Annahme von Cookies für bestimmte Fälle oder generell ausschließen sowie das automatische Löschen der Cookies beim Schließen des Browser aktivieren. Bei der Deaktivierung von Cookies kann die Funktionalität dieser Website eingeschränkt sein.
Cookies, die zur Durchführung des elektronischen Kommunikationsvorgangs oder zur Bereitstellung bestimmter, von Ihnen erwünschter Funktionen (z.B. Warenkorbfunktion) erforderlich sind, werden auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO gespeichert. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Speicherung von Cookies zur technisch fehlerfreien und optimierten Bereitstellung seiner Dienste. Soweit andere Cookies (z.B. Cookies zur Analyse Ihres Surfverhaltens) gespeichert werden, werden diese in dieser Datenschutzerklärung gesondert behandelt.
WHMCS Cookies
There are two types of cookie used by WHMCS:
Session cookies - these expire when you close your browser and do not remain on your computer.
Persistent cookies - these are stored long term on your computer for a defined period of time.
Below is a list of cookies created during use of the WHMCS client area along with a description of which type of cookie they are, and what purpose each serves.
WHMCSInstanceID - Probably the most common cookie that most PHP based websites will use. This is used to store the unique session ID for each visitor and enables variables to be remembered and passed between page loads. The cookie only contains a reference to a session stored on the web server, personal information is not stored in the user's browser. This is a session only cookie so expires as soon as the browser is closed.
WHMCSAffiliateID - This cookie is set when a customer is referred to you via an affiliate. It stores the ID of the affiliate that made the referral so that if an order is placed within the next 90 days following the referral, the affiliate can be credited for it. It is a persistent cookie.
WHMCSLinkID - This cookie is set only if you use the link tracking feature of WHMCS (Utilities > Link Tracking). It remembers the link the visitor followed to first get to your website, and is used when an order is placed to be able to associate the conversion with a link to be able to provide stats such as the conversion rate of your links. It is a persistent cookie.
WHMCSUID/WHMCSPW - These 2 cookies are used for the remember me functionality of the client area. They only get set should a client choose to have their details remembered so they don't have to re-login every time they visit your website. They are persistant and last for 365 days, or until logout.
Quelle:
https://docs.whmcs.com/Cookies
Datenschutzbestimmungen von WHMCS:
https://www.whmcs.com/privacy-policy/
Server-Log-Dateien
Der Provider der Seiten erhebt und speichert automatisch Informationen in so genannten Server-Log-Dateien, die Ihr Browser automatisch an uns übermittelt. Dies sind:
Browsertyp und Browserversion
verwendetes Betriebssystem
Referrer URL
Hostname des zugreifenden Rechners
Uhrzeit der Serveranfrage
IP-Adresse
Eine Zusammenführung dieser Daten mit anderen Datenquellen wird nicht vorgenommen.
Grundlage für die Datenverarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO, der die Verarbeitung von Daten zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen gestattet.
Kontaktformular
Wenn Sie uns per Kontaktformular Anfragen zukommen lassen, werden Ihre Angaben aus dem Anfrageformular inklusive der von Ihnen dort angegebenen Kontaktdaten zwecks Bearbeitung der Anfrage und für den Fall von Anschlussfragen bei uns gespeichert. Diese Daten geben wir nicht ohne Ihre Einwilligung weiter.
Die Verarbeitung der in das Kontaktformular eingegebenen Daten erfolgt somit ausschließlich auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Sie können diese Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Dazu reicht eine formlose Mitteilung per E-Mail an uns. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.
Die von Ihnen im Kontaktformular eingegebenen Daten verbleiben bei uns, bis Sie uns zur Löschung auffordern, Ihre Einwilligung zur Speicherung widerrufen oder der Zweck für die Datenspeicherung entfällt (z.B. nach abgeschlossener Bearbeitung Ihrer Anfrage). Zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen – insbesondere Aufbewahrungsfristen – bleiben unberührt.
Registrierung auf dieser Website
Sie können sich auf unserer Website registrieren, um zusätzliche Funktionen auf der Seite zu nutzen. Die dazu eingegebenen Daten verwenden wir nur zum Zwecke der Nutzung des jeweiligen Angebotes oder Dienstes, für den Sie sich registriert haben. Die bei der Registrierung abgefragten Pflichtangaben müssen vollständig angegeben werden. Anderenfalls werden wir die Registrierung ablehnen.
Für wichtige Änderungen etwa beim Angebotsumfang oder bei technisch notwendigen Änderungen nutzen wir die bei der Registrierung angegebene E-Mail-Adresse, um Sie auf diesem Wege zu informieren.
Die Verarbeitung der bei der Registrierung eingegebenen Daten erfolgt auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Sie können eine von Ihnen erteilte Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Dazu reicht eine formlose Mitteilung per E-Mail an uns. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bereits erfolgten Datenverarbeitung bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.
Die bei der Registrierung erfassten Daten werden von uns gespeichert, solange Sie auf unserer Website registriert sind und werden anschließend gelöscht. Gesetzliche Aufbewahrungsfristen bleiben unberührt.
Verarbeiten von Daten (Kunden- und Vertragsdaten)
Wir erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen personenbezogene Daten nur, soweit sie für die Begründung, inhaltliche Ausgestaltung oder Änderung des Rechtsverhältnisses erforderlich sind (Bestandsdaten). Dies erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO, der die Verarbeitung von Daten zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen gestattet. Personenbezogene Daten über die Inanspruchnahme unserer Internetseiten (Nutzungsdaten) erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen wir nur, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um dem Nutzer die Inanspruchnahme des Dienstes zu ermöglichen oder abzurechnen.
Die erhobenen Kundendaten werden nach Abschluss des Auftrags oder Beendigung der Geschäftsbeziehung gelöscht. Gesetzliche Aufbewahrungsfristen bleiben unberührt.
Datenübermittlung bei Vertragsschluss für Online-Shops, Händler und Warenversand
Wir übermitteln personenbezogene Daten an Dritte nur dann, wenn dies im Rahmen der Vertragsabwicklung notwendig ist, etwa an die mit der Lieferung der Ware betrauten Unternehmen oder das mit der Zahlungsabwicklung beauftragte Kreditinstitut. Eine weitergehende Übermittlung der Daten erfolgt nicht bzw. nur dann, wenn Sie der Übermittlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt haben. Eine Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an Dritte ohne ausdrückliche Einwilligung, etwa zu Zwecken der Werbung, erfolgt nicht.
Grundlage für die Datenverarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO, der die Verarbeitung von Daten zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen gestattet.
Datenübermittlung bei Vertragsschluss für Dienstleistungen und digitale Inhalte
Wir übermitteln personenbezogene Daten an Dritte nur dann, wenn dies im Rahmen der Vertragsabwicklung notwendig ist, etwa an das mit der Zahlungsabwicklung beauftragte Kreditinstitut.
Eine weitergehende Übermittlung der Daten erfolgt nicht bzw. nur dann, wenn Sie der Übermittlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt haben. Eine Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an Dritte ohne ausdrückliche Einwilligung, etwa zu Zwecken der Werbung, erfolgt nicht.
Grundlage für die Datenverarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO, der die Verarbeitung von Daten zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen gestattet.
Verwendung eines Live-Chat-Systems
TidioChat (Tidio Ltd.)
Unsere Webseite bietet optional die Anwendung von TidioChat (eine Live-Chat-Software der Tidio Ltd. 220C Blythe Road, W14 0HH, London, Großbritannien) an. Über ein Skript ist der Chat im Quelltext integriert. Mit der Nutzung dieser Webseite nutzen Sie automatisch die Dienste von TidioChat. Zu den gesammelten Daten gehören: Chatverlauf, IP-Adresse zum Zeitpunkt des Chats und Herkunftsland. Sofern Sie eingeloggter Kunde sind und die Informationen existieren, werden folgende weitere Daten übermittelt: Name / Nutzername, E-Mail-Adresse, Herkunft (PLZ, Ort, Herkunftsland). Hierzu können Cookies eingesetzt werden. Bei Cookies handelt es sich um kleine Textdateien, die lokal im Zwischenspeicher des Internet-Browsers des Seitenbesuchers gespeichert werden. Die Cookies ermöglichen die Wiedererkennung des Internet-Browsers. Sofern die so erhobenen Informationen einen Personenbezug aufweisen, erfolgt die Verarbeitung gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO auf Basis unseres berechtigten Interesses an effektiver Kundenbetreuung und der statistischen Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens zu Optimierungszwecken. Um die Speicherung von TidioChat-Cookies zu vermeiden, können Sie Ihren Internetbrowser so einstellen, dass zukünftig keine Cookies mehr auf Ihrem Computer abgelegt werden können bzw. bereits abgelegte Cookies gelöscht werden. Das Abschalten sämtlicher Cookies kann jedoch dazu führen, dass einige Funktionen auf unseren Internetseiten nicht mehr ausgeführt werden können. Der Datenerhebung und –speicherung zum Zwecke der Erstellung eines Nutzungsprofils können Sie jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft widersprechen, indem Sie uns Ihren Widerspruch formlos per E-Mail an die im Impressum genannte E-Mail-Adresse schicken. Zweck und Umfang der Datenerhebung und die weitere Verarbeitung und Nutzung der Daten durch TidioChat sowie Ihre diesbezüglichen Rechte und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre entnehmen Sie bitte den Datenschutzhinweisen von Tidio Ltd.:
https://www.tidiochat.com/en/privacy-policy
4. Soziale Medien
Twitter Plugin
Auf unseren Seiten sind Funktionen des Dienstes Twitter eingebunden. Diese Funktionen werden angeboten durch die Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Durch das Benutzen von Twitter und der Funktion "Re-Tweet" werden die von Ihnen besuchten Websites mit Ihrem Twitter-Account verknüpft und anderen Nutzern bekannt gegeben. Dabei werden auch Daten an Twitter übertragen. Wir weisen darauf hin, dass wir als Anbieter der Seiten keine Kenntnis vom Inhalt der übermittelten Daten sowie deren Nutzung durch Twitter erhalten.
Weitere Informationen hierzu finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Twitter unter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen bei Twitter können Sie in den Konto-Einstellungen unter
https://twitter.com/account/settings
ändern.
5. Analyse Tools und Werbung Google Analytics
Diese Website nutzt Funktionen des Webanalysedienstes Google Analytics. Anbieter ist die Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics verwendet so genannte "Cookies". Das sind Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Computer gespeichert werden und die eine Analyse der Benutzung der Website durch Sie ermöglichen. Die durch den Cookie erzeugten Informationen über Ihre Benutzung dieser Website werden in der Regel an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert.
Die Speicherung von Google-Analytics-Cookies erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens, um sowohl sein Webangebot als auch seine Werbung zu optimieren.
IP Anonymisierung
Wir haben auf dieser Website die Funktion IP-Anonymisierung aktiviert. Dadurch wird Ihre IP-Adresse von Google innerhalb von Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union oder in anderen Vertragsstaaten des Abkommens über den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum vor der Übermittlung in die USA gekürzt. Nur in Ausnahmefällen wird die volle IP-Adresse an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gekürzt. Im Auftrag des Betreibers dieser Website wird Google diese Informationen benutzen, um Ihre Nutzung der Website auszuwerten, um Reports über die Websiteaktivitäten zusammenzustellen und um weitere mit der Websitenutzung und der Internetnutzung verbundene Dienstleistungen gegenüber dem Websitebetreiber zu erbringen. Die im Rahmen von Google Analytics von Ihrem Browser übermittelte IP-Adresse wird nicht mit anderen Daten von Google zusammengeführt.
Browser Plugin
Sie können die Speicherung der Cookies durch eine entsprechende Einstellung Ihrer Browser-Software verhindern; wir weisen Sie jedoch darauf hin, dass Sie in diesem Fall gegebenenfalls nicht sämtliche Funktionen dieser Website vollumfänglich werden nutzen können. Sie können darüber hinaus die Erfassung der durch den Cookie erzeugten und auf Ihre Nutzung der Website bezogenen Daten (inkl. Ihrer IP-Adresse) an Google sowie die Verarbeitung dieser Daten durch Google verhindern, indem Sie das unter dem folgenden Link verfügbare Browser-Plugin herunterladen und installieren:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
.
Widerspruch gegen Datenerfassung
Sie können die Erfassung Ihrer Daten durch Google Analytics verhindern, indem Sie auf folgenden Link klicken. Es wird ein Opt-Out-Cookie gesetzt, der die Erfassung Ihrer Daten bei zukünftigen Besuchen dieser Website verhindert: Google Analytics deaktivieren.
Mehr Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten bei Google Analytics finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
.
Google AdSense
Diese Website benutzt Google AdSense, einen Dienst zum Einbinden von Werbeanzeigen der Google Inc. ("Google"). Anbieter ist die Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google AdSense verwendet sogenannte "Cookies", Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Computer gespeichert werden und die eine Analyse der Benutzung der Website ermöglichen. Google AdSense verwendet auch so genannte Web Beacons (unsichtbare Grafiken). Durch diese Web Beacons können Informationen wie der Besucherverkehr auf diesen Seiten ausgewertet werden.
Die durch Cookies und Web Beacons erzeugten Informationen über die Benutzung dieser Website (einschließlich Ihrer IP-Adresse) und Auslieferung von Werbeformaten werden an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Diese Informationen können von Google an Vertragspartner von Google weiter gegeben werden. Google wird Ihre IP-Adresse jedoch nicht mit anderen von Ihnen gespeicherten Daten zusammenführen.
Die Speicherung von AdSense-Cookies erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens, um sowohl sein Webangebot als auch seine Werbung zu optimieren.
Sie können die Installation der Cookies durch eine entsprechende Einstellung Ihrer Browser Software verhindern; wir weisen Sie jedoch darauf hin, dass Sie in diesem Fall gegebenenfalls nicht sämtliche Funktionen dieser Website voll umfänglich nutzen können. Durch die Nutzung dieser Website erklären Sie sich mit der Bearbeitung der über Sie erhobenen Daten durch Google in der zuvor beschriebenen Art und Weise und zu dem zuvor benannten Zweck einverstanden.
Google AdWords und Google Conversion-Tracking
Diese Website verwendet Google AdWords. AdWords ist ein Online-Werbeprogramm der Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
Im Rahmen von Google AdWords nutzen wir das so genannte Conversion-Tracking. Wenn Sie auf eine von Google geschaltete Anzeige klicken wird ein Cookie für das Conversion-Tracking gesetzt. Bei Cookies handelt es sich um kleine Textdateien, die der Internet-Browser auf dem Computer des Nutzers ablegt. Diese Cookies verlieren nach 30 Tagen ihre Gültigkeit und dienen nicht der persönlichen Identifizierung der Nutzer. Besucht der Nutzer bestimmte Seiten dieser Website und das Cookie ist noch nicht abgelaufen, können Google und wir erkennen, dass der Nutzer auf die Anzeige geklickt hat und zu dieser Seite weitergeleitet wurde.
Jeder Google AdWords-Kunde erhält ein anderes Cookie. Die Cookies können nicht über die Websites von AdWords-Kunden nachverfolgt werden. Die mithilfe des Conversion-Cookies eingeholten Informationen dienen dazu, Conversion-Statistiken für AdWords-Kunden zu erstellen, die sich für Conversion-Tracking entschieden haben. Die Kunden erfahren die Gesamtanzahl der Nutzer, die auf ihre Anzeige geklickt haben und zu einer mit einem Conversion-Tracking-Tag versehenen Seite weitergeleitet wurden. Sie erhalten jedoch keine Informationen, mit denen sich Nutzer persönlich identifizieren lassen. Wenn Sie nicht am Tracking teilnehmen möchten, können Sie dieser Nutzung widersprechen, indem Sie das Cookie des Google Conversion-Trackings über ihren Internet-Browser unter Nutzereinstellungen leicht deaktivieren. Sie werden sodann nicht in die Conversion-Tracking Statistiken aufgenommen.
Die Speicherung von “Conversion-Cookies” erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Analyse des Nutzerverhaltens, um sowohl sein Webangebot als auch seine Werbung zu optimieren.
Mehr Informationen zu Google AdWords und Google Conversion-Tracking finden Sie in den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Google:
https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/
.
Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass Sie über das Setzen von Cookies informiert werden und Cookies nur im Einzelfall erlauben, die Annahme von Cookies für bestimmte Fälle oder generell ausschließen sowie das automatische Löschen der Cookies beim Schließen des Browser aktivieren. Bei der Deaktivierung von Cookies kann die Funktionalität dieser Website eingeschränkt sein.
Google reCAPTCHA
Wir nutzen “Google reCAPTCHA” (im Folgenden “reCAPTCHA”) auf unseren Websites. Anbieter ist die Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
Mit reCAPTCHA soll überprüft werden, ob die Dateneingabe auf unseren Websites (z.B. in einem Kontaktformular) durch einen Menschen oder durch ein automatisiertes Programm erfolgt. Hierzu analysiert reCAPTCHA das Verhalten des Websitebesuchers anhand verschiedener Merkmale. Diese Analyse beginnt automatisch, sobald der Websitebesucher die Website betritt. Zur Analyse wertet reCAPTCHA verschiedene Informationen aus (z.B. IP-Adresse, Verweildauer des Websitebesuchers auf der Website oder vom Nutzer getätigte Mausbewegungen). Die bei der Analyse erfassten Daten werden an Google weitergeleitet.
Die reCAPTCHA-Analysen laufen vollständig im Hintergrund. Websitebesucher werden nicht darauf hingewiesen, dass eine Analyse stattfindet.
Die Datenverarbeitung erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Der Websitebetreiber hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, seine Webangebote vor missbräuchlicher automatisierter Ausspähung und vor SPAM zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen zu Google reCAPTCHA sowie die Datenschutzerklärung von Google entnehmen Sie folgenden Links:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
und
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html
.
6. Newsletter Newsletterdaten
Wenn Sie den auf der Website angebotenen Newsletter beziehen möchten, benötigen wir von Ihnen eine E-Mail-Adresse sowie Informationen, welche uns die Überprüfung gestatten, dass Sie der Inhaber der angegebenen E-Mail-Adresse sind und mit dem Empfang des Newsletters einverstanden sind. Weitere Daten werden nicht bzw. nur auf freiwilliger Basis erhoben. Diese Daten verwenden wir ausschließlich für den Versand der angeforderten Informationen und geben diese nicht an Dritte weiter.
Die Verarbeitung der in das Newsletteranmeldeformular eingegebenen Daten erfolgt ausschließlich auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Die erteilte Einwilligung zur Speicherung der Daten, der E-Mail-Adresse sowie deren Nutzung zum Versand des Newsletters können Sie jederzeit widerrufen, etwa über den "Austragen"-Link im Newsletter. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bereits erfolgten Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.
Die von Ihnen zum Zwecke des Newsletter-Bezugs bei uns hinterlegten Daten werden von uns bis zu Ihrer Austragung aus dem Newsletter gespeichert und nach der Abbestellung des Newsletters gelöscht. Daten, die zu anderen Zwecken bei uns gespeichert wurden (z.B. E-Mail-Adressen für den Mitgliederbereich) bleiben hiervon unberührt.
7. Plugins und Tools YouTube
Unsere Website nutzt Plugins der von Google betriebenen Seite YouTube. Betreiber der Seiten ist die YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
Wenn Sie eine unserer mit einem YouTube-Plugin ausgestatteten Seiten besuchen, wird eine Verbindung zu den Servern von YouTube hergestellt. Dabei wird dem YouTube-Server mitgeteilt, welche unserer Seiten Sie besucht haben.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem YouTube-Account eingeloggt sind, ermöglichen Sie YouTube, Ihr Surfverhalten direkt Ihrem persönlichen Profil zuzuordnen. Dies können Sie verhindern, indem Sie sich aus Ihrem YouTube-Account ausloggen.
Die Nutzung von YouTube erfolgt im Interesse einer ansprechenden Darstellung unserer Online-Angebote. Dies stellt ein berechtigtes Interesse im Sinne von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar.
Weitere Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von YouTube unter:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
Google Web Fonts
Diese Seite nutzt zur einheitlichen Darstellung von Schriftarten so genannte Web Fonts, die von Google bereitgestellt werden. Beim Aufruf einer Seite lädt Ihr Browser die benötigten Web Fonts in ihren Browsercache, um Texte und Schriftarten korrekt anzuzeigen.
Zu diesem Zweck muss der von Ihnen verwendete Browser Verbindung zu den Servern von Google aufnehmen. Hierdurch erlangt Google Kenntnis darüber, dass über Ihre IP-Adresse unsere Website aufgerufen wurde. Die Nutzung von Google Web Fonts erfolgt im Interesse einer einheitlichen und ansprechenden Darstellung unserer Online-Angebote. Dies stellt ein berechtigtes Interesse im Sinne von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar.
Wenn Ihr Browser Web Fonts nicht unterstützt, wird eine Standardschrift von Ihrem Computer genutzt.
Weitere Informationen zu Google Web Fonts finden Sie unter
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
und in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
8. Zahlungsanbieter
PayPal
Auf unserer Website bieten wir u.a. die Bezahlung via PayPal an. Anbieter dieses Zahlungsdienstes ist die PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (im Folgenden “PayPal”).
Wenn Sie die Bezahlung via PayPal auswählen, werden die von Ihnen eingegebenen Zahlungsdaten an PayPal übermittelt.
Die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an PayPal erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO (Einwilligung) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO (Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags). Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihre Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Ein Widerruf wirkt sich auf die Wirksamkeit von in der Vergangenheit liegenden Datenverarbeitungsvorgängen nicht aus.
Sofortüberweisung
Auf unserer Website bieten wir u.a. die Bezahlung mittels “Sofortüberweisung” an. Anbieter dieses Zahlungsdienstes ist die Sofort GmbH, Theresienhöhe 12, 80339 München (im Folgenden “Sofort GmbH”).
Mit Hilfe des Verfahrens “Sofortüberweisung” erhalten wir in Echtzeit eine Zahlungsbestätigung von der Sofort GmbH und können unverzüglich mit der Erfüllung unserer Verbindlichkeiten beginnen.
Wenn Sie sich für die Zahlungsart “Sofortüberweisung” entschieden haben, übermitteln Sie die PIN und eine gültige TAN an die Sofort GmbH, mit der diese sich in Ihr Online-Banking-Konto einloggen kann. Sofort GmbH überprüft nach dem Einloggen automatisch Ihren Kontostand und führt die Überweisung an uns mit Hilfe der von Ihnen übermittelten TAN durch. Anschließend übermittelt sie uns unverzüglich eine Transaktionsbestätigung. Nach dem Einloggen werden außerdem Ihre Umsätze, der Kreditrahmen des Dispokredits und das Vorhandensein anderer Konten sowie deren Bestände automatisiert geprüft.
Neben der PIN und der TAN werden auch die von Ihnen eingegebenen Zahlungsdaten sowie Daten zu Ihrer Person an die Sofort GmbH übermittelt. Bei den Daten zu Ihrer Person handelt es sich um Vor- und Nachname, Adresse, Telefonnummer(n), Email-Adresse, IP-Adresse und ggf. weitere zur Zahlungsabwicklung erforderliche Daten. Die Übermittlung dieser Daten ist notwendig, um Ihre Identität zweifelsfrei zu festzustellen und Betrugsversuchen vorzubeugen.
Die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an die Sofort GmbH erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO (Einwilligung) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO (Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags). Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihre Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Ein Widerruf wirkt sich auf die Wirksamkeit von in der Vergangenheit liegenden Datenverarbeitungsvorgängen nicht aus.
Details zur Zahlung mit Sofortüberweisung entnehmen Sie folgenden Links:
https://www.sofort.de/datenschutz.html
und
https://www.klarna.com/sofort/
.
Sub-policy 2
https://bunny.net/privacy:
Network
Pricing
Resources
Resources
About bunny.net
Learn more about our goals, values and mission
Bunny Careers
Help us shape the future of the internet
Bunny Blog
Keep up to date with our announcements
Bunny Academy
Easy way to learn how the internet works
Super Bunnies™
The best support In the CDN business
Contact Us
Get in touch with bunny.net team
Login
Get Started
Privacy & Data Policy
How we're protecting your data
At bunny.net, we take data privacy very seriously. We want to be completely transparent about the information that we store, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
Data Policy
What data do we collect, and how do we collect it?
bunny.net collects the following data, when you sign up for a bunny.net account, we ask for your full name, email address, and postal address, this allows us to provide you with our services. This will also sometimes be used to verify your payment details when you top up your account, you can find out more about our third-party payment gateways below.
bunny.net does not share any personal data with any third party except information required to function correctly. This will only be collected from users when registering an account and only if the user enters the data voluntarily. We do not store any personal information about your visits that is not entered voluntarily.
By registering at bunny.net, it shall be deemed that the user gives consent to the processing of personal data relating to him or her. Registration/creating a user account without submitting the requested data is impossible. The report will not function past the trial if the data subject does not complete the registration process. The provision of personal information is a contractual requirement, as well as a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Should the data subject not provide the requested data, the business relationship with bunny.net cannot be established, and consequently, services performed.
bunny.net is processing data based on:
1. The data subject`s given consent to the processing of her data.
2. Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party and is also necessary to take steps toward the conclusion of a business relationship.
3. Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which bunny.net is subject. The latter refers to the data that bunny.net is obliged to provide or keep under the tax and accounting regulation.
How long we retain your data
The personal data shall be removed after the contract/deregistration of the user`s account expires. Should there be any outstanding liabilities, bunny.net shall keep necessary personal data to exercise our legal rights until the payment of outstanding amounts. The personal data listed in tax and accounting documents shall be kept for the period under the tax and accounting regulation.
How we protect your data
We make a great effort to ensure the security of your data using the latest encryption methods and never storing information such as your passwords in plain text. We also use encrypted traffic and communication in all critical parts of our system to ensure the safety of your data. Your credit card details are never stored on our servers for security reasons. Instead, we use one of the most secure payment providers, BrainTree, to process and store your billing information safely.
Withdrawal of consent
The data subject has a reserved right to withdraw consent at any time regarding data processing without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. The effectiveness of such a withdrawal shall extend only to the data where the processing is based on the consent of the data subject, but not on the data where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, or the data that is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the bunny.net is subject.
The right to lodge a complaint
Every data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if the data subject considers that the processing of personal data relating to him or her infringes GDPR.
Other Rights
The data subject has a reserved right to request from bunny.net access to and rectify or personal erasure data or restrict processing concerning the data subject. For exercising such rights, refer to support@bunny.net.
OpenAI
When utilizing the Fluffee chat, our system leverages the OpenAI ChatGPT API to provide you with responses. Please note that this process entails the utilization of your data in order to assist you in resolving your queries.
Anonymous non-personal data policy
In order to improve users with the best website experience, we may collect some anonymous information about users visiting and interacting with our website such as the name of their browser, pages visited, and points of interest on the website based on mouse heatmap technology as outlined below using a completely anonymous service called Matomo.
Non-Personal Data Only
We use a service called Matomo that strictly only tracks non-personal data that does not include any user identifiable information.
100% Anonymous
The data collected is not tied to any account or user and is 100% anonymous and used strictly for statistical reasons and to improve user experience.
Not Shared
All anonymous data is kept by us, so there are no chances of a third party tying your unique ID and behavior to any personal profile.
Web browser cookie policy
Our website might use cookies in order to operate normally, allowing you to log into the dashboard and provide us with anonymous statistics about your visit to help us enhance the user experience of our website.
We have carefully designed and overviewed our cookie usage in order to make sure we never store any kind of personal information or information that would allow anyone to identify you.
Sharing your personal data
During a payment process, we might pass your billing information such as credit card details, IP, and email to a service called BrainTree that will then use this for secure payment processing on our behalf.
Savio will receive your account information (such as Email, Name, and Company Name) this will only be shared when you submit a feature request, ensuring a more tailored and efficient service.
During a payment process, we might pass your billing information such as IP and email address to a service called Coinify that will then use this for secure payment processing on our behalf.
When posting a comment on our blog or knowledge base, your provided information is shared with a service called Disqus that we use to provide users the ability to leave comments under our articles.
During signup, we might share your current IP, browser user agent, browser language, and email address provided during signup to a third party service MaxMind that we use to detect and prevent credit card fraud.
Salesforce will receive billing, consumption, and service usage details. No zone configuration or end customer data will be shared, but communications with bunny.net may be processed by Salesforce.
After signing up for an account, we might share your name and email address with a service called SendGrid that we use to process and send email notifications related to your bunny.net account.
Tableau will receive your personal, billing and account consumption details such as zone count, usage, or other metrics to help us improve the service, but no zone configuration or end customer data will be shared.
When interacting with our support team or using the website support widget, information such as your email address and name might be passed to a service called ZenDesk that we use for managing our support.
MixPanel will receive your personal account details as well as information on how you use our services within the dashboard to help us improve the service, but no zone configuration or end customer data will be shared.
When you register an account with us, Active Campaign will receive your personal, billing, and account consumption information, including details like the number of zones and usage, and other relevant metrics. However, we will not share any information regarding zone configurations or data related to your end customers.
This privacy policy is subject to change without prior notice. It was last updated on 10/08/2023.
If you require more information or have any questions, feel free to contact us at: support@bunny.net
Address: BunnyWay d.o.o., Dunajska cesta 165, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia
Start Your 14 Day Free Trial
Join over 50,000+ satisfied customers already using bunny.net
Start FREE Trial
No credit card required – Complete Registration in under 2 minutes.
We use cookies to improve your user experience.
Learn more
x
We are hiring!
Check available positions!
x
Start a chat!
Sub-policy 3
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statements
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statements
Last updated on 15 April 2024
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
This Privacy Statement aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Data when you visit our website, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services”
)
, We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 17 (“
Definitions
”) at the end of this statement.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the European Economic Area (EEA),
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Any reference made to “we”, “ours”, “us”, “
PayPal
” or “
PayPal Companies
” included in this Privacy Statement means PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. and the group of companies which each directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or are under common ownership.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”)
3. Non-Account Holders
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Services without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behavior patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (et. anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland, and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package
     Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable EU and Member State laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your Account and financial information up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by EU and Member State law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay without a PayPal account) or Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. such as Braintree) and to associate such transactions with your account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under EU and Member State laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other PayPal Companies
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
. The receiving PayPal company will process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under EU and Member States’ law is legal obligation and where acting under non-EU and Member State law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identification verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your Account Settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your Account Settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an Account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your Account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With partners and merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, pay other Users, or return goods we may share information about you and your Account with the other parties involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. Please note that Personal Data shared with partners and merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the partners and merchants’ own privacy policy and procedures.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with EU and UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of your Personal Data within PayPal Companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). Other transfers are based on standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your information
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an Account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from Account Settings in the PayPal app. Even if you do not you have an Account (for example, where you use Payment without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information, for your Payment without a PayPal account transactions. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorized agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your Account Settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted online or by post at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with
our lead supervisory authority for data protection
, Luxemburg National Commission for Data Protection (CNPD) by post at Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnees, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxembourg.
UK Representative can be contacted by post for any UK-specific data protection inquiries at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under EU or Member State law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By accepting this Privacy Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly agree to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above on the first business day of every quarter (January, April, July and October). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.
Specifically, you agree to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List
here
) and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
e. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
f. Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
g. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
h. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
i. Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed
here
) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay without a PayPal account means the same as in the
Terms for Payments without a PayPal account
.
PayPal Companies means companies that are owned and operated by PayPal, and process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. PayPal Companies include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet, and Braintree.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services means any PayPal branded or Unbranded Payment Services, Pay without a PayPal account, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to merchants using our card payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
If you are a
resident of the UK
, contact our representative at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service