Search
Locations
My Trips
My Profile
More
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
In the following, we provide information about the collection of personal data when using
our website https://numastays.com
our profiles in social media.
Personal data is any data that can be related to a specific natural person, such as their name or IP address.
1.1. Contact details
The controller within the meaning of Art. 4 para. 7 EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is numa Group GmbH, Potsdamer Strasse 68a, 10785 Berlin, Germany,
email: privacy@numastays.com.
We are legally represented by Christian Gaiser, Torsten Weihrich, Dimitri Chandogin, Gerhard Maringer.
Our data protection officer can be reached via heyData GmbH, Schützenstraße 5, 10117 Berlin,
www.heydata.eu
, E-Mail:
datenschutz@heydata.eu
.
More specific information on the delimitation of responsibilities between numa Group GmbH and the national numa companies can be found below 4.
1.2. Scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases
We detail the scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases below. In principle, the following come into consideration as the legal basis for data processing:
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 it. a GDPR serves as our legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR is the legal basis insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract, e.g. if a site visitor purchases a product from us or we perform a service for him. This legal basis also applies to processing that is necessary for pre-contractual measures, such as in the case of inquiries about our products or services.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR applies if we fulfill a legal obligation by processing personal data, as may be the case, for example, in tax law.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis when we can rely on legitimate interests to process personal data, e.g. for cookies that are necessary for the technical operation of our website.
1.3. Data processing outside the EEA
Insofar as we transfer data to service providers or other third parties outside the EEA, the security of the data during the transfer is guaranteed by adequacy decisions of the EU Commission, insofar as they exist (e.g. for Great Britain, Canada and Israel) (Art. 45 para. 3 GDPR).
If no adequacy decision exists (e.g. for the USA), the legal basis for the data transfer are usually, i.e. unless we indicate otherwise, standard contractual clauses. These are a set of rules adopted by the EU Commission and are part of the contract with the respective third party. According to Art. 46 para. 2 lit. b GDPR, they ensure the security of the data transfer. Many of the providers have given contractual guarantees that go beyond the standard contractual clauses to protect the data. These include, for example, guarantees regarding the encryption of data or regarding an obligation on the part of the third party to notify data subjects if law enforcement agencies wish to access the respective data.
1.4. Storage duration
Unless expressly stated in this privacy policy, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and no legal obligations to retain data conflict with the deletion. If the data are not deleted because they are required for other and legally permissible purposes, their processing is restricted, i.e. the data are blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to data that must be retained for commercial or tax law reasons.
1.5. Rights of data subjects
Data subjects have the following rights against us with regard to their personal data:
Right of access,
Right to correction or deletion,
Right to limit processing,
Right to object to the processing
,
Right to data transferability,
Right to revoke a given consent at any time
.
Data subjects also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of their personal data. Contact details of the data protection supervisory authorities are available at https://www.bfdi.bund.de/EN/Service/Anschriften/Laender/Laender-node.html.
1.6. Obligation to provide data
Within the scope of the business or other relationship, customers, prospective customers or third parties need to provide us with personal data that is necessary for the establishment, execution and termination of a business or other relationship or that we are legally obliged to collect. Without this data, we will generally have to refuse to conclude the contract or to provide a service or will no longer be able to perform an existing contract or other relationship.
Mandatory data are marked as such.
1.7. No automatic decision making in individual cases
As a matter of principle, we do not use a fully automated decision-making process in accordance with article 22 GDPR to establish and implement the business or other relationship. Should we use these procedures in individual cases, we will inform of this separately if this is required by law.
1.8. Making contact
When contacting us, e.g. by e-mail or telephone, the data provided to us (e.g. names and e-mail addresses) will be stored by us in order to answer questions. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR) to answer inquiries directed to us. We delete the data accruing in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or restrict the processing if there are legal retention obligations.
1.9. Customer surveys
From time to time, we conduct customer surveys to get to know our customers and their wishes better. In doing so, we collect the data requested in each case. It is our legitimate interest to get to know our customers and their wishes better, so that the legal basis for the associated data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit f GDPR. We delete the data when the results of the surveys have been evaluated.
1.10. Customer account
Guests can open a customer account on our website. We process the data requested in this context based on the consent of the site visitor. Legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The consent may be revoked at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation. If the consent is revoked we will delete the data insofar as we are not obliged or have a right to retain it further.
2. Newsletter
We reserve the right to inform customers who have already used services from us or purchased goods from time to time by e-mail or other means electronically about our offers, if they have not objected to this. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to conduct direct advertising (recital 47 GDPR). Customers can object to the use of their e-mail address for advertising purposes at any time without incurring additional costs, for example via the link at the end of each e-mail or by sending an e-mail to our above-mentioned e-mail address.
Based on the consent of the recipients (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR), we also measure the opening and click-through rate of our newsletters to understand what is relevant for our audience.
We send newsletters with the tools
SendGrid of the provider Twilio, Inc., 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (privacy policy: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the process in the USA.
HubSpot of the provider HubSpot, Inc., 25 1st Street Cambridge, MA 0214, USA (privacy policy: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the process in the USA.
Revinate Inc, 1 Letterman Drive Building C, Suite CM 100, San Francisco, California 94129, USA (privacy policy: https://www.revinate.com/privacy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the USA.
WhatsApp Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland (privacy policy:
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/updates/privacy-policy-eea?lang=en
). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the USA.
3. Data processing on our website
3.1. Informative use of our website
During the informative use of the website, i.e. when site visitors do not separately transmit information to us, we collect the personal data that the browser transmits to our server in order to ensure the stability and security of our website. This is our legitimate interest, so that the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
These data are:
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred in each case
Website from which the request comes
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
This data is also stored in log files. They are deleted when their storage is no longer necessary, at the latest after 14 days.
3.2. Web hosting and provision of the website
Our website is hosted by Amazon AWS. The provider is Amazon Web Services EMEA Sàrl, Avenue John F. Kennedy 38, 1855 Luxemburg, Luxemburg. In doing so, the provider processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data, in the EU. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/.
It is our legitimate interest to provide a website, so the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Our website is hosted by Vercel. The provider is Vercel Inc., 340 S Lemon Ave Unit 4133 Walnut, CA, USA. In doing so, the provider processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data in the USA. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://vercel.com/legal/privacy-policy.
It is our legitimate interest to provide a website, so the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We use the content delivery network Cloudfront (Amazon AWS) for our website. The provider is Amazon Web Services, Inc., P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 USA. The provider thereby processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data in the USA. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr.
We have a legitimate interest in using sufficient storage and delivery capacity to ensure optimal data throughput even during large peak loads. Therefore, the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We use the content delivery network Vercel for our website. The provider is Vercel Inc., 340 S Lemon Ave Unit 4133 Walnut, CA, USA. The provider thereby processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data in the USA. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://vercel.com/legal/privacy-policy.
We have a legitimate interest in using sufficient storage and delivery capacity to ensure optimal data throughput even during large peak loads. Therefore, the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
3.3. Vacant positions
We publish positions that are vacant in our company on our website, on pages linked to the website or on third-party websites.
The processing of the data provided as part of the application is carried out for the purpose of implementing the application process. Insofar as this is necessary for our decision to establish an employment relationship, the legal basis is Art. 88 para. GDPR in conjunction with Sec. 26 para. 1 of the German Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz). We have marked the data required to carry out the application process accordingly or refer to them. If applicants do not provide this data, we cannot process the application.
Further data is voluntary and not required for an application. If applicants provide further information, the basis is their consent (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR).
We ask applicants to refrain from providing information on political opinions, religious beliefs and similarly sensitive data in their CV and cover letter. They are not required for an application. If applicants nevertheless provide such information, we cannot prevent their processing as part of the processing of the resume or cover letter. Their processing is then also based on the consent of the applicants (Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR).
Finally, we process the applicants' data for further application procedures if they have given us their consent to do so. In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
We pass on the applicants' data to the responsible employees in the HR department, to our data processors in the area of recruiting and to the employees otherwise involved in the application process.
If we enter into an employment relationship with the applicant following the application process, we delete the data only after the employment relationship has ended. Otherwise, we delete the data no later than six months after rejecting an applicant.
If applicants have given us their consent to use their data for further application procedures as well, we will not delete their data until one year after receiving the application.
3.4. Bookings via the website
Users can make bookings via our website. In doing so, we process the following personal data as part of the booking process:
IP-address
Name
E-mail address
Phone number (optional)
Address
Company name (if applicable)
Date of arrival and expected departure
Number of accompanying persons
The data is processed to fulfill the contract concluded with the respective guest (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b GDPR).
3.4.1. Check-In process on the website
We offer a facilitated check-in process over our website. For this purpose, we offer guests two options:
Option 1:
The check-in is carried out by verifying the ID document and reading the information from the document on the basis of a data protection consent given before the start of the check-in (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR). For this purpose, we use the service provider Incode (​Incode Technologies, Inc., 221 Main Street, Suite 520, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA​). The provider processes First and last name, E-Mail address, information about the guest's stay, all information included in the ID document and a copy of the ID document. The processing takes place exclusively in the European Union. The purpose of the processing is, on the one hand, to offer guests a quick and convenient way to carry out self-check-in, namely to complete it directly via the Numa website. On the other hand, the purpose of the processing is also to prevent crime, protect property and ensure the accountability of guests.
Option 2:
Alternatively, guests can choose to check in via video call (similar to a physical reception desk in a hotel). The purpose of the processing is the operation of a digital operation of our business. In this case, the following personal data is processed: First and last name, E-Mail address, and information about the guest's stay. The legal basis for this processing is therefore Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f. We have a legitimate interest to maintain a digital operation of our accommodation.
If the guest is not a German citizen, the ID document is also processed for the purposes of complying with §§ 29 BMG. The legal basis for this processing is therefore Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR. If such cases, we are also obliged to share the data with German authorities, and, in accordance with § 30 para. 4 BMG, to keep the data for one year from the date of departure of the accommodated person and to destroy it within three months after the expiry of the retention period. The copy of the ID document is kept for 7 days after the check-out of the guest for the purposes of ensuring the correctness of the information collected, and subsequently deleted. If the guest doesn’t show up to the booking or cancels the reservation before check-in, the copy of the ID is deleted immediately.
3.5. Payment processors
For the processing of payments, we use payment processors who are themselves data controllers within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR. Insofar as they receive data and payment data entered by us in the ordering process, we thereby fulfill the contract concluded with our customers (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR).
These payment processors are:
American Express Europe S.A.
Apple Inc., USA (for Apple Pay)
Google Ireland Limited, Ireland (for Google Pay)
Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sweden (for "Klarna auf Rechnung")
Mastercard Europe SA, Belgium
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., Luxemburg
Visa Europe Services Inc., Great Britain
Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd., Irelanda (“Stripe”)
3.6. Technically necessary cookies
Our website sets cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the web browser on the end device of a site visitor. Cookies help to make the offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Insofar as these cookies are necessary for the operation of our website or its functions (hereinafter "Technically Necessary Cookies"), the legal basis for the associated data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in providing customers and other site visitors with a functional website.
Specifically, we set technically necessary cookies for the following purpose or purposes:
Cookies that store language settings
Cookies that store the shopping cart
Cookies that store log-in data
Cookies that payment providers set for payment processing and do not analyse user behaviour
Flash cookies that are set to play media content
3.7. Third parties
3.7.1. ​LinkedIn Insight Tag​
We use LinkedIn Insight Tag for conversion tracking. The provider is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?.
3.7.2. ​Usercentrics​
We use Usercentrics to manage consents. The provider is Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in easily managing consents from our customers and prospects.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://usercentrics.com/privacy-policy/.
3.7.3. ​Google Webfonts​
We use Google Webfonts for fonts on the website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. However, the processing only takes place on our servers. We process meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
3.7.4. ​HubSpot​
We use HubSpot for customer relationship management. The provider is HubSpot, Inc., 25 1st Street Cambridge, MA 0214, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing data in a simple and inexpensive way.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy.
3.7.5. ​Hotjar​
We use Hotjar for analytics. The provider is Hotjar Ltd., Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian's, STJ 3141, Malta. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/.
3.7.6. ​Mapbox​
We use Mapbox to localize. The provider is Mapbox, Inc., 50 Beale St floor 9, San Francisco, CA, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy.
3.7.7. ​YouTube Videos​
We use YouTube Videos for videos on the website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are consents.
Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
3.7.8. ​Google Tag Manager​
We use Google Tag Manager for analytics and for advertisement. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We delete the data when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
3.7.9. ​Segment​
We use Segment for analytics. The provider is Segment.io, Inc., 100 California Street Suite 700 San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We delete the data when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/
.
3.6.10. Aircall
We use Aircall for telephone calls. The provider is Aircall SAS, 11 Rue Saint-Georges, 75009 Paris, France. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. contact number, IP addresses if applicable) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in contacting our customers.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at
https://aircall.io/privacy/
.
3.7.11. ​Facebook Pixel​
We use Facebook Pixel for analytics. The provider is Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times, customer identifiers such as e-mail or telephone number) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
3.7.12. ​imgix​
We use imgix to display images on the website. The provider is Zebrafish Labs Inc., 423 Tehama St., 94103 San Francisco, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest to display photos on our website in a simple way.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://imgix.com/privacy.
3.7.13. ​TikTok Pixel​
We use TikTok Pixel for analytics and for advertisement. The provider is TikTok, Inc., 10100 Venice Blvd Suite 401 Culver City, CA 90232, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses, customer identifiers such as e-mail or telephone number) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/privacy.
3.7.14. ​Cloudflare​
We use Cloudflare for application security. The provider is Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in increasing the security of our website by preventing malicious traffic from reaching our server.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/privacypolicy/.
3.7.15. ​Google Analytics​
We use Google Analytics for analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
3.7.16. ​Sentry​
We use Sentry to monitor applications and to track errors in applications or on websites. The provider is Functional Software, Inc., 132 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://sentry.io/privacy/.
3.7.17. ​Microsoft Advertising​
We use Microsoft Advertising for conversion tracking and for analytics. The provider is Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are Missing.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
.
3.7.18. Akiles Key System
We use Akiles Key System to provide electronic locks in some of our properties. The provider is AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L, Carrer Moianes 16-18, Entresuelo 4, Barcelona. The provider processes the guest’s name in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in providing our guests with an easy digital system for the locks.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://akiles.app/en/privacy-policy
.
3.7.19. ​Optimove​
We use Optimove for personalisation. The provider is Optimove Inc., 2 Hashlosha St., 33rd Floor, Tel Aviv, 6706054 Israel. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in Israel.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are adequacy decision. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed because the EU Commission has decided as part of an adequacy decision in accordance with Art. 45 para. 3 GDPR that the third country ensures an adequate level of protection.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.optimove.com/privacy-policy.
3.7.20. ​Incode​
We use Incode to verify identities. The provider is Incode Technologies, Inc., 221 Main Street, Suite 520, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The provider processes contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://incode.com/incode-privacy-policy/.
3.7.21. ​Mapme​
We use Mapme for maps on our website. The provider is Mapme, Sderot Abba Eban 18, Herzliya, Israel. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://mapme.com/privacy-policy/
.
3.7.22. Apaleo
We use Apaleo for the management of property and guest data. The provider is apaleo GmbH, Dachauerstr. 15 A, 80335 Munich. The provider processes master data (e.g. name, email address, information about the stay) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing our house and guest data in order to offer our services.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://apaleo.com/de/privacy-policy.
3.7.23. Looker
We use Looker for analysis. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.24. Chekin.io
We use Chekin.io to automate check-in processes. The provider is Chekin Soluciones Digitales SL, Avenida de Diego Martínez Barrio, 10, 4ª planta, Seville, Andalusia 41013, Spain. The provider processes master data (such as name, email address, address, ID card) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in offering our guests a smooth online check-in as part of our services.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://chekin.com/en/generic-privacy-policy-of-accommodations/.
3.7.25. Hevodata
We use Hevodata for analysis. The provider is Hevo Data, Inc, 1390 Market St, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94102, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://hevodata.com/privacy/.
3.7.26. Siteminder Distribution Limited
We use Siteminder Distribution to manage bookings on our website. The provider is SiteMinder Limited ACN 121 931 744 of Bond Store 3, 30 Windmill Street, Millers Point, NSW 2000, Australia. The provider processes master data (such as name, email address, address, ID card, bookings) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing our house and guest data in order to provide our services.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.siteminder.com/legal/privacy/.
3.7.27. MentionMe
We use MentionMe to manage referrals on our website. Users can recommend our services to their friends. The provider is Mention Me Limited, 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GU, United Kingdom. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. email addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the United Kingdom.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://mention-me.com/help/privacy_policy_s.
3.7.28. Voucherify
We use Voucherify to offer and process vouchers on our website. The provider is P. Rychlik Spółka Jawna, Porcelanowa 23, 40-246 Katowice, Poland ("Rspective"). The provider processes contact data (e.g. email addresses) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time via the data provided on this page to contact us. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of their collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain them. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.voucherify.io/legal/privacy-policy-v1-5.
3.7.29. Google Optimize
For the optimization of our website, we use the tool Google Optimize of the company Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, ("Google"). The tool is an integration to Google Analytics, processes the data from Google Analytics and helps to perform simple tests on the design and content of the website. More information about this can be found under the paragraph for Google Analytics in this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time via the data provided on this contact page. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of their collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain them. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.30. Google Ads (formerly Adwords)
For the placement of advertisements, we use the Google AdWords tool of the company Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, ("Google") on the basis of an order processing agreement. The tool collects and transmits cookies with usage data, especially which pages have been visited, which elements have been clicked on, device and browser information, IP address, customer identifiers such as e-mail or telephone number, operating system, data about the displayed advertisements and data from advertising partners, in particular pseudonymized user IDs to the provider of the tool.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time via the data provided on this page to contact us. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation. The security of the data when transferred to servers in the USA is ensured, as our contract with the provider includes standard data protection clauses published by the EU Commission (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR).
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.31. Google Syndication
We use Google Syndication for analysis. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA. The tool is an integration to Google Analytics, processes the data from Google Analytics and helps to perform simple tests on the design and content of the website. More information about this can be found under the paragraph for Google Analytics in this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
3.7.32. Google Cloud
We use Google Cloud for cloud storage. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
It is our legitimate interest to hire and use a professional cloud hosting provider, so that the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.33. Front App
We use Front App to manage customer service channels. The provider is FrontApp, Inc, 525 Brannan St 300, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://front.com/legal/privacy-notice.
3.7.34. Vonage
We use Vonage as a communications API for, among other things, telephone calls. The provider is NewVoiceMedia Limited, 25 Canada Square Level 37, London, England E14 5LQ. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. contact number, IP addresses if applicable) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in contacting our customers.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/?icmp=footer_legalpolicy_privacy.
3.7.35. MonkeyLearn
We use MokeyLearn for surveys. The provider is MonkeyLearn Inc, 1375 Sacramento St 1, San Francisco, California, 94109, USA. The provider processes master and usage data (e.g. websites visited, names, email address, survey details, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://monkeylearn.com/privacy.
3.7.36. Pipedrive
We use Pipedrive for lead management. The provider is Pipedrive OÜ, Mustamäe tee 3a, 10615 Tallinn, Estonia. The provider processes contact data (e.g. email addresses, phone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing data of leads for the purpose of direct marketing.
We delete the data when the purpose for collecting it no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.pipedrive.com/en/privacy.
3.7.37. Finalytic
We use Finalytic to manage financial data. The provider is Finalytic Ventures Ltd, 128 City Road, London, EC1V 2NX. The provider processes financial data in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing our financial data.
We delete the data when the purpose for collecting it no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://finalytic.io/privacy-policy
.
3.7.38. ​Datadog​
We use Datadog to monitor applications, to track errors in applications or on websites, and for log management. The provider is Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018 USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in being able to quickly find the errors in our applications.
The data will be archived when the purpose of its collection has ceased to exist. All customer data archived in backups are stored separately and excluded from any further processing, unless required by law. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/#sharing-of-information.
3.7.39. Boost.ai
We use Boost.ai to help automate communications. The provider is Boost AI AS, 6 Koppholen, Sandnes, Rogaland, 4313, Norway. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. contact number, IP addresses if applicable) in the EU.
Boost.ai is used as an automatic Chatbot to help our customers clarify questions via WhatsApp. More information about the use of WhatsApp for this purpose can be found below. None of the personal data that is eventually shared by the guest during the conversation is used for any other purpose other than providing the guest with the necessary support. When an additional purpose is pursued, such as the optimization of internal processes, a separate consent is collected from the guest.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.boost.ai/company/privacy-policy
.
3.7.40. ​WhatsApp
We use WhatsApp to communicate with guests. The provider is WhatsApp Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes communication data (telephon number, name, messages) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/updates/privacy-policy-eea?lang=en
.
3.7.41. Twilio
We use Twilio to communicate with guests. The provider is Twilio, Inc., 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The provider processes communication data (telephon number, name, messages) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
.
3.7.42. Google Meet
We use Google Meet for video calls. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
3.7.43. Holibob
We use Holibob to offer guests personalized travel activities. The provider is Holibob Limited, 20 Braid Mount, Edinburgh, Scotland EH10 6JJ. The provider processes personal data such as name, contact details (including email address and/or number), travel booking details, customer preferences (relating to tours and experiences) and unique ID code as an independent controller.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
Further information can be found requested from Holibob:
https://www.holibob.tech/contact
.
3.7.44. ​Firebase Cloud Messaging​
We use Firebase Cloud Messaging to communicate with users. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
.
3.7.45. ​Klaviyo (webforms)​
We use Klaviyo (webforms) for email marketing and for quizzes and forms. The provider is Klaviyo, Inc., 125 Summer St, Floor 6 Boston, MA 02111, USA. The provider processes contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in creating forms in a simple way.
The transfer of personal data to a country outside the EEA takes place on the legal basis standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy/policy
.
3.7.46. ​Mixpanel​
We use Mixpanel for analytics. The provider is Mixpanel, Inc., One Front Street, Floor 28, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. The provider processes contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
3.7.47. ​OneSignal​
We use OneSignal to communicate with customers. The provider is OneSignal, 2850 S Delaware St Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403, USA. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in optimizing the interaction with our customers and others.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We delete the data when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
.
3.7.48. Make
We use Make for automation and messages dispatch on the website. The provider is Celonis, Inc., One World Trade Center, 87th Floor, New York, NY, 10007, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in automating processes and communication with our clients.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.make.com/en/privacy-notice
.
3.7.49. AdRoll
We use AdRoll for personalized advertising campaigns and retargeting. The provider is AdRoll, a division of NextRoll, Inc., 2300 Harrison St, Fl 2, San Francisco, CA 94110, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in products or content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The collected data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and there are no legal retention obligations. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy
.
3.7.50. Criteo
We use Criteo to display personalized advertisements based on the interests of our users. The provider is Criteo SA, 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France. Criteo processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times), meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses), and pseudonymized user profiles in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
3.7.51. RoEye Conversion Tracking Tool
We use the RoEye Conversion Tracking Tool to analyze the performance of marketing measures and user interactions. The provider is Acceleration Partners, 16 Rae Ave, Needham, MA, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses) within the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based solely on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time, for example, by contacting us using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and there are no legal retention obligations. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.accelerationpartners.com/privacy-policy/
.
3.7.52. Klaviyo
We use Klaviyo for email marketing and user behavior analysis. The provider is Klaviyo, Inc., 125 Summer St, Boston, MA 02110, USA. The provider processes personal data such as email addresses, usage data (e.g., open rates, click behavior), and technical data (e.g., IP addresses, device information).
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based solely on user consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its processing ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
3.7.53. Commission Junction (dwin1)
We use Commission Junction (dwin1) for affiliate marketing and conversion tracking. The provider is CJ Affiliate by Conversant, Inc., 5858 Horton Street, Suite 300, Emeryville, CA 94608, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, clicked links, interest in products), transaction data, and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on user consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply unless legal retention obligations exist. Further information on data processing by the provider is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.cj.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
3.7.54. The Hotels Network
We use The Hotels Network to provide personalized content and offers on our website and to enhance user experience. The provider is The Hotels Network SL, Paseo de Gracia 12, 1-1, 08007 Barcelona, Spain. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses) within the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.thehotelsnetwork.com/privacy-policy
.
4. Numa subsidiaries
Numa group GmbH is the controller for the operation of this website within the meaning of Art. 4 GDPR. When booking accommodation, numa group GmbH acts as a service provider (processor within the meaning of the GDPR) on behalf of the respective national company of the country in which the accommodation is located.
The personal data of our guests collected during the booking process is therefore transmitted to the respective local Numa company in the country in which the accommodation booked by the guest is located.
A list of all relevant Numa subsidiaries can be found here. All subsidiaries have concluded an order processing agreement with us for the use of the booking platform operated by Numa Group GmbH in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
5. Data processing on social media platforms
We are represented in social media networks in order to present our organization and our services there. The operators of these networks regularly process their users' data for advertising purposes. Among other things, they create user profiles from their online behavior, which are used, for example, to show advertising on the pages of the networks and elsewhere on the Internet that corresponds to the interests of the users. To this end, the operators of the networks store information on user behavior in cookies on the users' computers. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the operators merge this information with other data. Users can obtain further information and instructions on how to object to processing by the site operators in the data protection declarations of the respective operators listed below. It is also possible that the operators or their servers are located in non-EU countries, so that they process data there. This may result in risks for users, e.g. because it is more difficult to enforce their rights or because government agencies access the data.
If users of the networks contact us via our profiles, we process the data provided to us in order to respond to the inquiries. This is our legitimate interest, so that the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
5.1. Facebook
We maintain a profile on Facebook. The operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. A possibility to object to data processing arises via settings for advertisements: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
We are joint controllers for processing the data of visitors to our profile on the basis of an agreement within the meaning of Art. 26 GDPR with Facebook. Facebook explains exactly what data is processed at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data. Data subjects can exercise their rights both against us and against Facebook. However, according to our agreement with Facebook, we are obliged to forward requests to Facebook. Data subjects will therefore receive a faster response if they contact Facebook directly.
5.2. Instagram
We maintain a profile on Instagram. The operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875.
5.3. YouTube
We maintain a profile on YouTube. The operator is Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4. Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
5.4. Twitter
We maintain a profile on Twitter. The operator is Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The privacy policy is available here: https://twitter.com/de/privacy. One way to object to data processing is via the settings for advertisements: https://twitter.com/personalization.
5.5. LinkedIn
We maintain a profile on LinkedIn. The operator is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?_l=de_DE. One way to object to data processing is via the settings for advertisements: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
5.6. Xing
We maintain a profile on Xing. The operator is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg. The privacy policy is available here: https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.
6. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy with effect for the future. A current version is always available here.
7. Questions and comments
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us using the contact information provided above.
Download the Numa App
Contact & Help
FAQ
Chat on WhatsApp (24/7 Support)
Call +49 30 3119 6117
Book a business or group stay
Discover
Business Travel
Member Benefits
Best Price Guarantee
Sustainability
Numa
Our Story
Development
Press
Blog
Careers
Stay social
Download the Numa App
Pay with
We do the room.
You do the city.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Privacy Settings
© numa group GmbH. All Rights Reserved.Search
Locations
My Trips
My Profile
More
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
In the following, we provide information about the collection of personal data when using
our website https://numastays.com
our profiles in social media.
Personal data is any data that can be related to a specific natural person, such as their name or IP address.
1.1. Contact details
The controller within the meaning of Art. 4 para. 7 EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is numa Group GmbH, Potsdamer Strasse 68a, 10785 Berlin, Germany,
email: privacy@numastays.com.
We are legally represented by Christian Gaiser, Torsten Weihrich, Dimitri Chandogin, Gerhard Maringer.
Our data protection officer can be reached via heyData GmbH, Schützenstraße 5, 10117 Berlin,
www.heydata.eu
, E-Mail:
datenschutz@heydata.eu
.
More specific information on the delimitation of responsibilities between numa Group GmbH and the national numa companies can be found below 4.
1.2. Scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases
We detail the scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases below. In principle, the following come into consideration as the legal basis for data processing:
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 it. a GDPR serves as our legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR is the legal basis insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract, e.g. if a site visitor purchases a product from us or we perform a service for him. This legal basis also applies to processing that is necessary for pre-contractual measures, such as in the case of inquiries about our products or services.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR applies if we fulfill a legal obligation by processing personal data, as may be the case, for example, in tax law.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis when we can rely on legitimate interests to process personal data, e.g. for cookies that are necessary for the technical operation of our website.
1.3. Data processing outside the EEA
Insofar as we transfer data to service providers or other third parties outside the EEA, the security of the data during the transfer is guaranteed by adequacy decisions of the EU Commission, insofar as they exist (e.g. for Great Britain, Canada and Israel) (Art. 45 para. 3 GDPR).
If no adequacy decision exists (e.g. for the USA), the legal basis for the data transfer are usually, i.e. unless we indicate otherwise, standard contractual clauses. These are a set of rules adopted by the EU Commission and are part of the contract with the respective third party. According to Art. 46 para. 2 lit. b GDPR, they ensure the security of the data transfer. Many of the providers have given contractual guarantees that go beyond the standard contractual clauses to protect the data. These include, for example, guarantees regarding the encryption of data or regarding an obligation on the part of the third party to notify data subjects if law enforcement agencies wish to access the respective data.
1.4. Storage duration
Unless expressly stated in this privacy policy, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and no legal obligations to retain data conflict with the deletion. If the data are not deleted because they are required for other and legally permissible purposes, their processing is restricted, i.e. the data are blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to data that must be retained for commercial or tax law reasons.
1.5. Rights of data subjects
Data subjects have the following rights against us with regard to their personal data:
Right of access,
Right to correction or deletion,
Right to limit processing,
Right to object to the processing
,
Right to data transferability,
Right to revoke a given consent at any time
.
Data subjects also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of their personal data. Contact details of the data protection supervisory authorities are available at https://www.bfdi.bund.de/EN/Service/Anschriften/Laender/Laender-node.html.
1.6. Obligation to provide data
Within the scope of the business or other relationship, customers, prospective customers or third parties need to provide us with personal data that is necessary for the establishment, execution and termination of a business or other relationship or that we are legally obliged to collect. Without this data, we will generally have to refuse to conclude the contract or to provide a service or will no longer be able to perform an existing contract or other relationship.
Mandatory data are marked as such.
1.7. No automatic decision making in individual cases
As a matter of principle, we do not use a fully automated decision-making process in accordance with article 22 GDPR to establish and implement the business or other relationship. Should we use these procedures in individual cases, we will inform of this separately if this is required by law.
1.8. Making contact
When contacting us, e.g. by e-mail or telephone, the data provided to us (e.g. names and e-mail addresses) will be stored by us in order to answer questions. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR) to answer inquiries directed to us. We delete the data accruing in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or restrict the processing if there are legal retention obligations.
1.9. Customer surveys
From time to time, we conduct customer surveys to get to know our customers and their wishes better. In doing so, we collect the data requested in each case. It is our legitimate interest to get to know our customers and their wishes better, so that the legal basis for the associated data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit f GDPR. We delete the data when the results of the surveys have been evaluated.
1.10. Customer account
Guests can open a customer account on our website. We process the data requested in this context based on the consent of the site visitor. Legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The consent may be revoked at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation. If the consent is revoked we will delete the data insofar as we are not obliged or have a right to retain it further.
2. Newsletter
We reserve the right to inform customers who have already used services from us or purchased goods from time to time by e-mail or other means electronically about our offers, if they have not objected to this. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to conduct direct advertising (recital 47 GDPR). Customers can object to the use of their e-mail address for advertising purposes at any time without incurring additional costs, for example via the link at the end of each e-mail or by sending an e-mail to our above-mentioned e-mail address.
Based on the consent of the recipients (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR), we also measure the opening and click-through rate of our newsletters to understand what is relevant for our audience.
We send newsletters with the tools
SendGrid of the provider Twilio, Inc., 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (privacy policy: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the process in the USA.
HubSpot of the provider HubSpot, Inc., 25 1st Street Cambridge, MA 0214, USA (privacy policy: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the process in the USA.
Revinate Inc, 1 Letterman Drive Building C, Suite CM 100, San Francisco, California 94129, USA (privacy policy: https://www.revinate.com/privacy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the USA.
WhatsApp Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland (privacy policy:
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/updates/privacy-policy-eea?lang=en
). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the USA.
3. Data processing on our website
3.1. Informative use of our website
During the informative use of the website, i.e. when site visitors do not separately transmit information to us, we collect the personal data that the browser transmits to our server in order to ensure the stability and security of our website. This is our legitimate interest, so that the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
These data are:
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred in each case
Website from which the request comes
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
This data is also stored in log files. They are deleted when their storage is no longer necessary, at the latest after 14 days.
3.2. Web hosting and provision of the website
Our website is hosted by Amazon AWS. The provider is Amazon Web Services EMEA Sàrl, Avenue John F. Kennedy 38, 1855 Luxemburg, Luxemburg. In doing so, the provider processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data, in the EU. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/.
It is our legitimate interest to provide a website, so the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Our website is hosted by Vercel. The provider is Vercel Inc., 340 S Lemon Ave Unit 4133 Walnut, CA, USA. In doing so, the provider processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data in the USA. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://vercel.com/legal/privacy-policy.
It is our legitimate interest to provide a website, so the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We use the content delivery network Cloudfront (Amazon AWS) for our website. The provider is Amazon Web Services, Inc., P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 USA. The provider thereby processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data in the USA. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr.
We have a legitimate interest in using sufficient storage and delivery capacity to ensure optimal data throughput even during large peak loads. Therefore, the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We use the content delivery network Vercel for our website. The provider is Vercel Inc., 340 S Lemon Ave Unit 4133 Walnut, CA, USA. The provider thereby processes the personal data transmitted via the website, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data in the USA. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://vercel.com/legal/privacy-policy.
We have a legitimate interest in using sufficient storage and delivery capacity to ensure optimal data throughput even during large peak loads. Therefore, the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
3.3. Vacant positions
We publish positions that are vacant in our company on our website, on pages linked to the website or on third-party websites.
The processing of the data provided as part of the application is carried out for the purpose of implementing the application process. Insofar as this is necessary for our decision to establish an employment relationship, the legal basis is Art. 88 para. GDPR in conjunction with Sec. 26 para. 1 of the German Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz). We have marked the data required to carry out the application process accordingly or refer to them. If applicants do not provide this data, we cannot process the application.
Further data is voluntary and not required for an application. If applicants provide further information, the basis is their consent (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR).
We ask applicants to refrain from providing information on political opinions, religious beliefs and similarly sensitive data in their CV and cover letter. They are not required for an application. If applicants nevertheless provide such information, we cannot prevent their processing as part of the processing of the resume or cover letter. Their processing is then also based on the consent of the applicants (Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR).
Finally, we process the applicants' data for further application procedures if they have given us their consent to do so. In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
We pass on the applicants' data to the responsible employees in the HR department, to our data processors in the area of recruiting and to the employees otherwise involved in the application process.
If we enter into an employment relationship with the applicant following the application process, we delete the data only after the employment relationship has ended. Otherwise, we delete the data no later than six months after rejecting an applicant.
If applicants have given us their consent to use their data for further application procedures as well, we will not delete their data until one year after receiving the application.
3.4. Bookings via the website
Users can make bookings via our website. In doing so, we process the following personal data as part of the booking process:
IP-address
Name
E-mail address
Phone number (optional)
Address
Company name (if applicable)
Date of arrival and expected departure
Number of accompanying persons
The data is processed to fulfill the contract concluded with the respective guest (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b GDPR).
3.4.1. Check-In process on the website
We offer a facilitated check-in process over our website. For this purpose, we offer guests two options:
Option 1:
The check-in is carried out by verifying the ID document and reading the information from the document on the basis of a data protection consent given before the start of the check-in (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR). For this purpose, we use the service provider Incode (​Incode Technologies, Inc., 221 Main Street, Suite 520, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA​). The provider processes First and last name, E-Mail address, information about the guest's stay, all information included in the ID document and a copy of the ID document. The processing takes place exclusively in the European Union. The purpose of the processing is, on the one hand, to offer guests a quick and convenient way to carry out self-check-in, namely to complete it directly via the Numa website. On the other hand, the purpose of the processing is also to prevent crime, protect property and ensure the accountability of guests.
Option 2:
Alternatively, guests can choose to check in via video call (similar to a physical reception desk in a hotel). The purpose of the processing is the operation of a digital operation of our business. In this case, the following personal data is processed: First and last name, E-Mail address, and information about the guest's stay. The legal basis for this processing is therefore Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f. We have a legitimate interest to maintain a digital operation of our accommodation.
If the guest is not a German citizen, the ID document is also processed for the purposes of complying with §§ 29 BMG. The legal basis for this processing is therefore Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR. If such cases, we are also obliged to share the data with German authorities, and, in accordance with § 30 para. 4 BMG, to keep the data for one year from the date of departure of the accommodated person and to destroy it within three months after the expiry of the retention period. The copy of the ID document is kept for 7 days after the check-out of the guest for the purposes of ensuring the correctness of the information collected, and subsequently deleted. If the guest doesn’t show up to the booking or cancels the reservation before check-in, the copy of the ID is deleted immediately.
3.5. Payment processors
For the processing of payments, we use payment processors who are themselves data controllers within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR. Insofar as they receive data and payment data entered by us in the ordering process, we thereby fulfill the contract concluded with our customers (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR).
These payment processors are:
American Express Europe S.A.
Apple Inc., USA (for Apple Pay)
Google Ireland Limited, Ireland (for Google Pay)
Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sweden (for "Klarna auf Rechnung")
Mastercard Europe SA, Belgium
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., Luxemburg
Visa Europe Services Inc., Great Britain
Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd., Irelanda (“Stripe”)
3.6. Technically necessary cookies
Our website sets cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the web browser on the end device of a site visitor. Cookies help to make the offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Insofar as these cookies are necessary for the operation of our website or its functions (hereinafter "Technically Necessary Cookies"), the legal basis for the associated data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in providing customers and other site visitors with a functional website.
Specifically, we set technically necessary cookies for the following purpose or purposes:
Cookies that store language settings
Cookies that store the shopping cart
Cookies that store log-in data
Cookies that payment providers set for payment processing and do not analyse user behaviour
Flash cookies that are set to play media content
3.7. Third parties
3.7.1. ​LinkedIn Insight Tag​
We use LinkedIn Insight Tag for conversion tracking. The provider is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?.
3.7.2. ​Usercentrics​
We use Usercentrics to manage consents. The provider is Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in easily managing consents from our customers and prospects.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://usercentrics.com/privacy-policy/.
3.7.3. ​Google Webfonts​
We use Google Webfonts for fonts on the website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. However, the processing only takes place on our servers. We process meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
3.7.4. ​HubSpot​
We use HubSpot for customer relationship management. The provider is HubSpot, Inc., 25 1st Street Cambridge, MA 0214, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing data in a simple and inexpensive way.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy.
3.7.5. ​Hotjar​
We use Hotjar for analytics. The provider is Hotjar Ltd., Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian's, STJ 3141, Malta. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/.
3.7.6. ​Mapbox​
We use Mapbox to localize. The provider is Mapbox, Inc., 50 Beale St floor 9, San Francisco, CA, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy.
3.7.7. ​YouTube Videos​
We use YouTube Videos for videos on the website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are consents.
Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
3.7.8. ​Google Tag Manager​
We use Google Tag Manager for analytics and for advertisement. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We delete the data when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
3.7.9. ​Segment​
We use Segment for analytics. The provider is Segment.io, Inc., 100 California Street Suite 700 San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We delete the data when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/
.
3.6.10. Aircall
We use Aircall for telephone calls. The provider is Aircall SAS, 11 Rue Saint-Georges, 75009 Paris, France. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. contact number, IP addresses if applicable) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in contacting our customers.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at
https://aircall.io/privacy/
.
3.7.11. ​Facebook Pixel​
We use Facebook Pixel for analytics. The provider is Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times, customer identifiers such as e-mail or telephone number) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
3.7.12. ​imgix​
We use imgix to display images on the website. The provider is Zebrafish Labs Inc., 423 Tehama St., 94103 San Francisco, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest to display photos on our website in a simple way.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://imgix.com/privacy.
3.7.13. ​TikTok Pixel​
We use TikTok Pixel for analytics and for advertisement. The provider is TikTok, Inc., 10100 Venice Blvd Suite 401 Culver City, CA 90232, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses, customer identifiers such as e-mail or telephone number) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/privacy.
3.7.14. ​Cloudflare​
We use Cloudflare for application security. The provider is Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in increasing the security of our website by preventing malicious traffic from reaching our server.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/privacypolicy/.
3.7.15. ​Google Analytics​
We use Google Analytics for analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
3.7.16. ​Sentry​
We use Sentry to monitor applications and to track errors in applications or on websites. The provider is Functional Software, Inc., 132 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://sentry.io/privacy/.
3.7.17. ​Microsoft Advertising​
We use Microsoft Advertising for conversion tracking and for analytics. The provider is Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are Missing.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
.
3.7.18. Akiles Key System
We use Akiles Key System to provide electronic locks in some of our properties. The provider is AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L, Carrer Moianes 16-18, Entresuelo 4, Barcelona. The provider processes the guest’s name in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in providing our guests with an easy digital system for the locks.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://akiles.app/en/privacy-policy
.
3.7.19. ​Optimove​
We use Optimove for personalisation. The provider is Optimove Inc., 2 Hashlosha St., 33rd Floor, Tel Aviv, 6706054 Israel. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in Israel.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are adequacy decision. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed because the EU Commission has decided as part of an adequacy decision in accordance with Art. 45 para. 3 GDPR that the third country ensures an adequate level of protection.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.optimove.com/privacy-policy.
3.7.20. ​Incode​
We use Incode to verify identities. The provider is Incode Technologies, Inc., 221 Main Street, Suite 520, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The provider processes contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://incode.com/incode-privacy-policy/.
3.7.21. ​Mapme​
We use Mapme for maps on our website. The provider is Mapme, Sderot Abba Eban 18, Herzliya, Israel. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://mapme.com/privacy-policy/
.
3.7.22. Apaleo
We use Apaleo for the management of property and guest data. The provider is apaleo GmbH, Dachauerstr. 15 A, 80335 Munich. The provider processes master data (e.g. name, email address, information about the stay) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing our house and guest data in order to offer our services.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://apaleo.com/de/privacy-policy.
3.7.23. Looker
We use Looker for analysis. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.24. Chekin.io
We use Chekin.io to automate check-in processes. The provider is Chekin Soluciones Digitales SL, Avenida de Diego Martínez Barrio, 10, 4ª planta, Seville, Andalusia 41013, Spain. The provider processes master data (such as name, email address, address, ID card) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in offering our guests a smooth online check-in as part of our services.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://chekin.com/en/generic-privacy-policy-of-accommodations/.
3.7.25. Hevodata
We use Hevodata for analysis. The provider is Hevo Data, Inc, 1390 Market St, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94102, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://hevodata.com/privacy/.
3.7.26. Siteminder Distribution Limited
We use Siteminder Distribution to manage bookings on our website. The provider is SiteMinder Limited ACN 121 931 744 of Bond Store 3, 30 Windmill Street, Millers Point, NSW 2000, Australia. The provider processes master data (such as name, email address, address, ID card, bookings) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing our house and guest data in order to provide our services.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.siteminder.com/legal/privacy/.
3.7.27. MentionMe
We use MentionMe to manage referrals on our website. Users can recommend our services to their friends. The provider is Mention Me Limited, 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GU, United Kingdom. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. email addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the United Kingdom.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://mention-me.com/help/privacy_policy_s.
3.7.28. Voucherify
We use Voucherify to offer and process vouchers on our website. The provider is P. Rychlik Spółka Jawna, Porcelanowa 23, 40-246 Katowice, Poland ("Rspective"). The provider processes contact data (e.g. email addresses) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time via the data provided on this page to contact us. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of their collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain them. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.voucherify.io/legal/privacy-policy-v1-5.
3.7.29. Google Optimize
For the optimization of our website, we use the tool Google Optimize of the company Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, ("Google"). The tool is an integration to Google Analytics, processes the data from Google Analytics and helps to perform simple tests on the design and content of the website. More information about this can be found under the paragraph for Google Analytics in this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time via the data provided on this contact page. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of their collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain them. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.30. Google Ads (formerly Adwords)
For the placement of advertisements, we use the Google AdWords tool of the company Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, ("Google") on the basis of an order processing agreement. The tool collects and transmits cookies with usage data, especially which pages have been visited, which elements have been clicked on, device and browser information, IP address, customer identifiers such as e-mail or telephone number, operating system, data about the displayed advertisements and data from advertising partners, in particular pseudonymized user IDs to the provider of the tool.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time via the data provided on this page to contact us. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation. The security of the data when transferred to servers in the USA is ensured, as our contract with the provider includes standard data protection clauses published by the EU Commission (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR).
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.31. Google Syndication
We use Google Syndication for analysis. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA. The tool is an integration to Google Analytics, processes the data from Google Analytics and helps to perform simple tests on the design and content of the website. More information about this can be found under the paragraph for Google Analytics in this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
3.7.32. Google Cloud
We use Google Cloud for cloud storage. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
It is our legitimate interest to hire and use a professional cloud hosting provider, so that the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
3.7.33. Front App
We use Front App to manage customer service channels. The provider is FrontApp, Inc, 525 Brannan St 300, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://front.com/legal/privacy-notice.
3.7.34. Vonage
We use Vonage as a communications API for, among other things, telephone calls. The provider is NewVoiceMedia Limited, 25 Canada Square Level 37, London, England E14 5LQ. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. contact number, IP addresses if applicable) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in contacting our customers.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/?icmp=footer_legalpolicy_privacy.
3.7.35. MonkeyLearn
We use MokeyLearn for surveys. The provider is MonkeyLearn Inc, 1375 Sacramento St 1, San Francisco, California, 94109, USA. The provider processes master and usage data (e.g. websites visited, names, email address, survey details, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://monkeylearn.com/privacy.
3.7.36. Pipedrive
We use Pipedrive for lead management. The provider is Pipedrive OÜ, Mustamäe tee 3a, 10615 Tallinn, Estonia. The provider processes contact data (e.g. email addresses, phone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing data of leads for the purpose of direct marketing.
We delete the data when the purpose for collecting it no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.pipedrive.com/en/privacy.
3.7.37. Finalytic
We use Finalytic to manage financial data. The provider is Finalytic Ventures Ltd, 128 City Road, London, EC1V 2NX. The provider processes financial data in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in managing our financial data.
We delete the data when the purpose for collecting it no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://finalytic.io/privacy-policy
.
3.7.38. ​Datadog​
We use Datadog to monitor applications, to track errors in applications or on websites, and for log management. The provider is Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018 USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in being able to quickly find the errors in our applications.
The data will be archived when the purpose of its collection has ceased to exist. All customer data archived in backups are stored separately and excluded from any further processing, unless required by law. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/#sharing-of-information.
3.7.39. Boost.ai
We use Boost.ai to help automate communications. The provider is Boost AI AS, 6 Koppholen, Sandnes, Rogaland, 4313, Norway. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. contact number, IP addresses if applicable) in the EU.
Boost.ai is used as an automatic Chatbot to help our customers clarify questions via WhatsApp. More information about the use of WhatsApp for this purpose can be found below. None of the personal data that is eventually shared by the guest during the conversation is used for any other purpose other than providing the guest with the necessary support. When an additional purpose is pursued, such as the optimization of internal processes, a separate consent is collected from the guest.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.boost.ai/company/privacy-policy
.
3.7.40. ​WhatsApp
We use WhatsApp to communicate with guests. The provider is WhatsApp Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes communication data (telephon number, name, messages) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/updates/privacy-policy-eea?lang=en
.
3.7.41. Twilio
We use Twilio to communicate with guests. The provider is Twilio, Inc., 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The provider processes communication data (telephon number, name, messages) in the USA.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The legal basis of the transfer to a country outside the EEA is standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses adopted in accordance with the review procedure under Article 93(2) of the GDPR (Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR), which we have agreed with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
.
3.7.42. Google Meet
We use Google Meet for video calls. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
3.7.43. Holibob
We use Holibob to offer guests personalized travel activities. The provider is Holibob Limited, 20 Braid Mount, Edinburgh, Scotland EH10 6JJ. The provider processes personal data such as name, contact details (including email address and/or number), travel booking details, customer preferences (relating to tours and experiences) and unique ID code as an independent controller.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
Further information can be found requested from Holibob:
https://www.holibob.tech/contact
.
3.7.44. ​Firebase Cloud Messaging​
We use Firebase Cloud Messaging to communicate with users. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
.
3.7.45. ​Klaviyo (webforms)​
We use Klaviyo (webforms) for email marketing and for quizzes and forms. The provider is Klaviyo, Inc., 125 Summer St, Floor 6 Boston, MA 02111, USA. The provider processes contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in creating forms in a simple way.
The transfer of personal data to a country outside the EEA takes place on the legal basis standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy/policy
.
3.7.46. ​Mixpanel​
We use Mixpanel for analytics. The provider is Mixpanel, Inc., One Front Street, Floor 28, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. The provider processes contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), and master data (e.g. names, addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
3.7.47. ​OneSignal​
We use OneSignal to communicate with customers. The provider is OneSignal, 2850 S Delaware St Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403, USA. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in optimizing the interaction with our customers and others.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
We delete the data when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
.
3.7.48. Make
We use Make for automation and messages dispatch on the website. The provider is Celonis, Inc., One World Trade Center, 87th Floor, New York, NY, 10007, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in automating processes and communication with our clients.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://www.make.com/en/privacy-notice
.
3.7.49. AdRoll
We use AdRoll for personalized advertising campaigns and retargeting. The provider is AdRoll, a division of NextRoll, Inc., 2300 Harrison St, Fl 2, San Francisco, CA 94110, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in products or content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The collected data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and there are no legal retention obligations. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy
.
3.7.50. Criteo
We use Criteo to display personalized advertisements based on the interests of our users. The provider is Criteo SA, 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France. Criteo processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times), meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses), and pseudonymized user profiles in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
3.7.51. RoEye Conversion Tracking Tool
We use the RoEye Conversion Tracking Tool to analyze the performance of marketing measures and user interactions. The provider is Acceleration Partners, 16 Rae Ave, Needham, MA, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses) within the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based solely on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time, for example, by contacting us using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and there are no legal retention obligations. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.accelerationpartners.com/privacy-policy/
.
3.7.52. Klaviyo
We use Klaviyo for email marketing and user behavior analysis. The provider is Klaviyo, Inc., 125 Summer St, Boston, MA 02110, USA. The provider processes personal data such as email addresses, usage data (e.g., open rates, click behavior), and technical data (e.g., IP addresses, device information).
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based solely on user consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its processing ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
3.7.53. Commission Junction (dwin1)
We use Commission Junction (dwin1) for affiliate marketing and conversion tracking. The provider is CJ Affiliate by Conversant, Inc., 5858 Horton Street, Suite 300, Emeryville, CA 94608, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, clicked links, interest in products), transaction data, and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on user consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply unless legal retention obligations exist. Further information on data processing by the provider is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.cj.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
3.7.54. The Hotels Network
We use The Hotels Network to provide personalized content and offers on our website and to enhance user experience. The provider is The Hotels Network SL, Paseo de Gracia 12, 1-1, 08007 Barcelona, Spain. The provider processes usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses) within the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects can revoke their consent at any time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted once the purpose of its collection ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. Further information is available in the provider’s privacy policy at:
https://www.thehotelsnetwork.com/privacy-policy
.
4. Numa subsidiaries
Numa group GmbH is the controller for the operation of this website within the meaning of Art. 4 GDPR. When booking accommodation, numa group GmbH acts as a service provider (processor within the meaning of the GDPR) on behalf of the respective national company of the country in which the accommodation is located.
The personal data of our guests collected during the booking process is therefore transmitted to the respective local Numa company in the country in which the accommodation booked by the guest is located.
A list of all relevant Numa subsidiaries can be found here. All subsidiaries have concluded an order processing agreement with us for the use of the booking platform operated by Numa Group GmbH in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
5. Data processing on social media platforms
We are represented in social media networks in order to present our organization and our services there. The operators of these networks regularly process their users' data for advertising purposes. Among other things, they create user profiles from their online behavior, which are used, for example, to show advertising on the pages of the networks and elsewhere on the Internet that corresponds to the interests of the users. To this end, the operators of the networks store information on user behavior in cookies on the users' computers. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the operators merge this information with other data. Users can obtain further information and instructions on how to object to processing by the site operators in the data protection declarations of the respective operators listed below. It is also possible that the operators or their servers are located in non-EU countries, so that they process data there. This may result in risks for users, e.g. because it is more difficult to enforce their rights or because government agencies access the data.
If users of the networks contact us via our profiles, we process the data provided to us in order to respond to the inquiries. This is our legitimate interest, so that the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
5.1. Facebook
We maintain a profile on Facebook. The operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. A possibility to object to data processing arises via settings for advertisements: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
We are joint controllers for processing the data of visitors to our profile on the basis of an agreement within the meaning of Art. 26 GDPR with Facebook. Facebook explains exactly what data is processed at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data. Data subjects can exercise their rights both against us and against Facebook. However, according to our agreement with Facebook, we are obliged to forward requests to Facebook. Data subjects will therefore receive a faster response if they contact Facebook directly.
5.2. Instagram
We maintain a profile on Instagram. The operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875.
5.3. YouTube
We maintain a profile on YouTube. The operator is Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4. Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
5.4. Twitter
We maintain a profile on Twitter. The operator is Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The privacy policy is available here: https://twitter.com/de/privacy. One way to object to data processing is via the settings for advertisements: https://twitter.com/personalization.
5.5. LinkedIn
We maintain a profile on LinkedIn. The operator is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy is available here: https://https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?_l=de_DE. One way to object to data processing is via the settings for advertisements: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
5.6. Xing
We maintain a profile on Xing. The operator is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg. The privacy policy is available here: https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.
6. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy with effect for the future. A current version is always available here.
7. Questions and comments
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us using the contact information provided above.
Download the Numa App
Contact & Help
FAQ
Chat on WhatsApp (24/7 Support)
Call +49 30 3119 6117
Book a business or group stay
Discover
Business Travel
Member Benefits
Best Price Guarantee
Sustainability
Numa
Our Story
Development
Press
Blog
Careers
Stay social
Download the Numa App
Pay with
We do the room.
You do the city.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Privacy Settings
© numa group GmbH. All Rights Reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/updates/privacy-policy-eea?lang=en:
Skip to content
Last modified: January 04, 2021 (
archived versions
)
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
WhatsApp Legal Info
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Information You And We Share
How We Work With Other Facebook Companies
Our Legal Basis For Processing Data
How We Process Your Information
How You Exercise Your Rights
Managing And Retaining Your Information
Law, Our Rights And Protection
Our Global Operations
Updates To Our Policy
Contact Us
If you don't live in the
European Region
, WhatsApp LLC provides the services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
WhatsApp Legal Info
If you live in the
European Region
, WhatsApp Ireland Limited ("WhatsApp," "our," "we," or "us") provides our Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
. If you live outside the
European Region
, the services are provided to you by WhatsApp LLC.
We are one of the
Facebook Companies
. Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") helps explain our data practices, including the information we process to provide our
Services
.
For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and how this affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy - like building our Services so delivered messages aren't stored by us and giving you control over who you communicate with on our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services unless specified otherwise.
Please also read WhatsApp's
Terms of Service
("Terms"), which describe the terms under which you use and we provide our Services.
Back to top
Information We Collect
WhatsApp must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services. The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services.
We require certain information to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services.
Our Services have optional features which, if used by you, require us to collect additional information to provide such features. You will be notified of such collection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. For example, you cannot share your location with your contacts if you do not permit us to collect your location data from your device. Permissions can be managed through your Settings menu on both Android and iOS devices.
Information You Provide
Your Account Information
. You must provide your mobile phone number and basic information (including a profile name of your choice) to create a WhatsApp account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services. You can add other information to your account, such as a profile picture, and "about" information.
Your Messages
. We do not retain your messages in the ordinary course of providing our Services to you. Instead, your messages are stored on your device and not typically stored on our servers. Once your messages are delivered, they are deleted from our servers. The following scenarios describe circumstances where we may store your messages in the course of delivering them:
Undelivered Messages
. If a message cannot be delivered immediately (for example, if the recipient is offline), we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it. If a message is still undelivered after 30 days, we delete it.
Media Forwarding
. When a user forwards media within a message, we store that media temporarily in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery of additional forwards.
We offer end-to-end encryption for our Services
. End-to-end encryption means that your messages are encrypted to protect against us and third parties from reading them. Learn more about
end-to-end encryption
and
how businesses communicate with you on WhatsApp
.
Your Connections
. You can use the contact upload feature and provide us, if permitted by applicable laws, with the phone numbers in your address book on a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your other contacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll manage this information for you in a way that ensures those contacts cannot be identified by us. Learn more about our contact upload feature
here
. You can create, join, or get added to groups and broadcast lists, and such groups and lists get associated with your account information. You give your groups a name. You can provide a group profile picture or description.
Status Information
. You may provide us your status if you choose to include one on your account. Learn how to use status on
Android
,
iPhone
, or
KaiOS
.
Transactions And Payments Data
. If you use our payments services, or use our Services meant for purchases or other financial transactions, we process additional information about you, including payment account and transaction information. Payment account and transaction information includes information needed to complete the transaction (for example, information about your payment method, shipping details and transaction amount). If you use our payments services available in your country or territory, our privacy practices are described in the applicable payments privacy policy.
Customer Support And Other Communications
. When you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, you may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including copies of your messages, any other information you deem helpful, and how to contact you (e.g., an email address). For example, you may send us an email with information relating to our app performance or other issues.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage And Log Information
. We collect information about your activity on our Services, like service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about your activity (including how you use our Services, your Services settings, how you interact with others using our Services (including when you interact with a business), and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities and interactions), log files, and diagnostic, crash, website, and performance logs and reports. This also includes information about when you registered to use our Services; the features you use like our messaging, calling, Status, groups (including group name, group picture, group description), payments or business features; profile photo; "about" information; whether you are online; when you last used our Services (your "last seen"); and when you last updated your "about" information.
Device And Connection Information
. We collect device and connection-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information including phone number, mobile operator or ISP, language and time zone, IP address, device operations information, and identifiers (including identifiers unique to
Facebook Company Products
associated with the same device or account).
Location Information
. We collect and use precise location information from your device with your permission when you choose to use location-related features, like when you decide to share your location with your contacts or view locations nearby or locations others have shared with you. There are certain settings relating to location-related information which you can find in your device settings or the in-app settings, such as Location sharing. Even if you do not use our location-related features, we use IP addresses and other information, like phone number area codes, to estimate your general location (e.g., city and country). We also use your location information for diagnostics and troubleshooting purposes.
Cookies
. We use cookies to operate and provide our Services, including to provide our Services that are web-based, improve your experiences, understand how our Services are being used, and customise them. For example, we use cookies to provide our Services for web and desktop and other web-based services. We may also use cookies to understand which of our Help Center articles are most popular and to show you relevant content related to our Services. Additionally, we may use cookies to remember your choices, like your language preferences, to provide a safer experience, and otherwise to customise our Services for you.
Learn more
about how we use cookies to provide you our Services.
Third-Party Information
Information Others Provide About You
. We receive information about you from other users. For example, when other users you know use our Services, they may provide your phone number, name, and other information (like information from their mobile address book) just as you may provide theirs. They may also send you messages, send messages to groups to which you belong, or call you. We require each of these users to have lawful rights to collect, use, and share your information before providing any information to us.
You should keep in mind that in general any user can capture screenshots of your chats or messages or make recordings of your calls with them, and send them to WhatsApp or anyone else, or post them on another platform.
User Reports
. Just as you can report other users, other users or third parties may also choose to report to us your interactions and your messages with them or others on our Services; for example, to report possible violations of our Terms or policies. When a report is made, we collect information on both the reporting user and reported user. To find out more about what happens when a user report is made, please see "Advanced Safety and Security Features"
here
.
Businesses On WhatsApp
. Businesses you interact with using our Services may provide us with information about their interactions with you. We require each of these businesses to act in accordance with applicable law when providing any information to us. When you message with a business on WhatsApp, it’s important to keep in mind that the content you share may be visible to several people in that business. In addition, some businesses might be working with third-party service providers (which may include Facebook) to help manage their communications with their customers. For example, a business may give such third-party service provider access to its communications to send, store, read, manage or otherwise process them for the business.
To understand how a business processes your information, including how it might share your information with third parties or Facebook, you should review that business’ privacy policy or contact the business directly.
Third-Party Service Providers
. We work with third-party service providers and other
Facebook Companies
to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our Services. For example, we work with them to distribute our apps; provide our technical and physical infrastructure, delivery, and other systems; provide engineering support, cybersecurity support, and operational support; supply location, map, and places information; process payments; help us understand how people use our Services; market our Services; help you connect with businesses using our Services; conduct surveys and research for us; ensure safety, security and integrity; and help with customer service. These companies may provide us with information about you in certain circumstances; for example, app stores may provide us with reports to help us diagnose and fix service issues.
The "
How We Work With Other Facebook Companies
" section below provides more information about how WhatsApp collects and shares information with the other
Facebook Companies
. You can also learn more in our
Help Center
how we work with the
Facebook Companies
.
Third-Party Services
. We allow you to use our Services in connection with third-party services and
Facebook Company Products
. If you use our Services with such third-party services or Facebook Company Products, we may receive information about you from them; for example, if you use the WhatsApp share button on a news service to share a news article with your WhatsApp contacts, groups, or broadcast lists on our Services, or if you choose to access our Services through a mobile carrier's or device provider's promotion of our Services. Please note that when you use third-party services or Facebook Company Products, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Back to top
How We Use Information
We use information we have (subject to choices you make and applicable law) to operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our Services. Here's how:
Our Services
. We use information we have to operate and provide our Services, including providing customer support, completing purchases or transactions; and improving, fixing, and customising our Services. We also use information we have to understand how people use our Services; evaluate and improve our Services; research, develop, and test new services and features; and conduct troubleshooting activities. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Safety, Security, And Integrity
. Safety, security and integrity are an integral part of our Services. We use information we have to verify accounts and activity; combat harmful conduct, protect users against bad experiences and spam; and promote safety, security and integrity on and off our Services, such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of our Terms and policies, and to ensure our Services are being used legally. Please see the "
Law, Our Rights And Protection
" section below for more information.
Communications About Our Services And The Facebook Companies
. We use information we have to communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our terms and policies and other important updates. We may provide you marketing for our Services and those of the
Facebook Companies
. Please see "
How You Exercise Your Rights
" section for more information.
No Third-Party Banner Ads
. We still do not allow third-party banner ads on our Services. We have no intention to introduce them, but if we ever do, we will update this Privacy Policy.
Business Interactions
. We enable you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate and interact with each other using our services such as Catalogs for businesses on WhatsApp where you can browse products and services and place orders. Businesses may send you transaction, appointment, and shipping notifications; product and service updates; and marketing. For example, you may receive flight status information for upcoming travel, a receipt for something you purchased, or a notification when a delivery will be made. Messages you receive from a business could include an offer for something that might interest you. We do not want you to have a spammy experience; as with all of your messages, you can manage these communications, and we will honor the choices you make.
Messaging Metadata
. Messaging Metadata consists of information that we process to convey your messages or calls and it includes information such as your user ID and the time you send a message. We use Messaging Metadata to transmit the communication, to operate our Services (including general traffic management and the prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of failures), to ensure the safety and security of our Services (which includes their availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality, and in particular the prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of security incidents, spam, vulnerabilities, malware, and unauthorised use or access to the Services), for billing (where applicable), and to comply with legal obligations under applicable law.
Back to top
Information You And We Share
You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our Services.
Send Your Information To Those With Whom You Choose To Communicate
. You share your information (including messages) as you use and communicate through our Services.
Information Associated With Your Account
. Your phone number, profile name and photo, "about" information, last seen information, and message receipts are available to anyone who uses our Services, although you can configure your Services settings to manage certain information available to other users, including businesses, with whom you communicate.
Your Contacts And Others
. Users, including businesses, with whom you communicate can store or reshare your information (including your phone number or messages) with others on and off our Services. You can use your Services settings and the "block" feature in our Services to manage who you communicate with on our Services and certain information you share.
Businesses On WhatsApp
. We offer specific services and features to businesses such as providing them with metrics regarding their use of our services.
Third-Party Service Providers
. We work with third-party service providers and other
Facebook Companies
to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our Services. We work with these companies to support our Services, such as to provide technical infrastructure, delivery and other systems; market our Services; conduct surveys and research for us; protect the safety, security and integrity of users and others; and assist with customer service. When we share information with third-party service providers and other Facebook Companies in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms. For further information on how the
Facebook Companies
help us to operate and provide our Services, see "
How We Work With Other Facebook Companies
" below. You can also learn more in our
Help Center
on how we work with the Facebook Companies.
Third-Party Services
. When you or others use third-party services or other
Facebook Company Products
that are integrated with our Services, those third-party services may receive information about what you or others share with them. For example, if you use a data backup service integrated with our Services (like iCloud or Google Drive), they will receive information you share with them, such as your WhatsApp messages. If you interact with a third-party service or another Facebook Company Product linked through our Services, such as when you use the in-app player to play content from a third-party platform, information about you, like your IP address and the fact that you are a WhatsApp user, may be provided to such third-party or Facebook Company Product. Please note that when you use third-party services or other Facebook Company Products, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Back to top
How We Work With Other Facebook Companies
As part of the
Facebook Companies
, WhatsApp receives information from, and shares information with, the other Facebook Companies to promote safety, security and integrity across the
Facebook Company Products
, e.g., to fight spam, threats, abuse, or infringement activities.
WhatsApp also works, and shares information with the other Facebook Companies who act on our behalf to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support, and market our Services. This includes the provision of infrastructure, technology, and systems, e.g. for providing you with fast and reliable messaging and calls around the world; improving infrastructure and delivery systems; understanding how our Services are used; helping us provide a way for you to connect with businesses; and securing systems. When we receive services from the Facebook Companies, the information we share with them is used on WhatsApp’s behalf and in accordance with our instructions. Any information WhatsApp shares on this basis cannot be used for the Facebook Companies’ own purposes.
We’ve set out further information in our
Help Center
about how WhatsApp works with the
Facebook Companies
.
Back to top
Our Legal Basis For Processing Data
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process data. We rely on different legal bases to process your data for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy. As explained below, depending on the circumstances, we may rely on different legal bases when processing your data for the same purpose. For each legal basis below, we describe the purposes of our processing (why we process your information) and our processing operations (how we process your data, e.g., we collect information from you and use it to create your account). We also list the categories of your data that we process for each purpose.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we've explained these below. You should know that no matter what legal basis applies, you always have the right to request access to, rectification of, and erasure of your data. To exercise your rights, see the "
How You Exercise Your Rights
" section below.
We collect, use, and share the information described in the "
Information We Collect
" section:
as necessary to operate and provide the messaging and communication services, described in the "Our Services" section of our Terms. Learn more
here
;
where applicable (including where consent is legally required), if you have given your consent, which you can revoke at any time. Learn more
here
;
as necessary to comply with legal obligations such as when we are required to respond to a legal request from law enforcement. Learn more
here
;
when and as necessary, to protect your vital interests, or those of others such as in the event of an emergency where there is a threat to your life or someone else’s. Learn more
here
;
as necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, including our interests in providing an innovative, relevant, safe, and profitable service to our users and partners, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data; for example, to prevent our Services being used for harmful or illegal activity. Learn more
here
;
where it is necessary in the public interest. Learn more
here
.
You can learn more
here
about the ways and purposes for which we process your data and our legal bases for doing so.
Back to top
How We Process Your Information
Provision Of The Services In Accordance With The Terms
We process the data we have about you (as described in the "
Information We Collect
" section) as necessary to perform our contract with you (the
Terms
). The categories of data we process will depend on the data you choose to provide and the manner in which you use our Services (which determines the information we collect automatically). The processing purposes necessary to provide our contractual services are:
Why And How We Process Your Data
:
To operate, provide, improve, customise, and support our Services
as described in the "Our Services" section of our Terms which includes providing ways for you to connect and communicate with other WhatsApp users including businesses. This includes collecting information from you to create a WhatsApp account, connecting you with businesses reachable via WhatsApp, analysing your use of our Services, providing customer support in response to an issue or deleting your data if you choose to close your account.
We use Messaging Metadata for the transmission of the communication; the operation of the Services, including general traffic management and the prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of failures; and for billing, where applicable.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
To ensure the safety, security, and integrity of our Services
by taking action for example on spammers using multiple accounts. This could involve verifying the data you have provided when you created an account or analysing suspicious activity in connection with your account to prevent our Services from being used illegally.
We use Messaging Metadata to ensure the safety and security of our Services, (which includes their availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality, and in particular the prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of security incidents, vulnerabilities, malware and factors that could negatively affect the availability of our Services such as spam or enable unauthorised access to or use of the Services or user devices. To learn more, visit the
WhatsApp Security
.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
To transfer, or transmit to, store or process your data in third countries
, including the United States and other countries or territories as explained under "
Our Global Operations
".
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
To communicate with you
on Services-related issues, such as sending you a notification about an update or to respond to you when you contact us.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
" section of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
Each of these purposes is explained in more detail, under
How We Use Information
and
Our Global Operations
. When we process data you provide to us as necessary to perform our contractual relationship with you under the GDPR, you have the right to port your data. To exercise your rights, visit the
How You Exercise Your Rights
section of the Privacy Policy.
The other legal bases we rely on in certain instances when processing your data are set out below:
Your Consent
We process data for the purposes described below when you have given us your consent to do so. We rely on your consent:
Why And How We Process Your Data
:
For collecting and using information you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your location, camera, or photos), so we can provide the services described when you enable the settings; for example, sharing your device’s precise location information if you are using our location features to share your location with your contacts or accessing your camera or photo gallery if you choose to share photographs or media with your contacts.
Data Categories Used
: We use device information (data from device such as your location, photos and media), for this purpose.
When we process data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before the consent is withdrawn. You also have the right to port data you provide to us and that we process based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, your app-based settings like your in-app location control, and the "
How You Exercise Your Rights
" section of this Privacy Policy.
Compliance With A Legal Obligation
Why And How We Process Your Data
:
For processing data when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, if there is a valid legal request for certain data such as an order from law enforcement to provide data in relation to an investigation, such as your name, profile picture or IP address. We will disclose data pursuant to the legal obligation.
Data Categories Used
: The information we use for this processing varies depending on the circumstances but it generally is comprised of information described in the "
Information You Provide
" and "
Automatically Collected Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy.
Protection Of Your Vital Interests Or Those Of Another Person
Why And How We Process Your Data
:
For processing data for protecting your vital interests or those of another person. The vital interests we rely on for this processing include protection of your life, physical integrity, or safety, or that of others, and we rely on it to combat harmful conduct and to promote safety, security and integrity, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or when someone needs help. This could include the promotion of safety, security, and integrity by providing law enforcement with data in the event of an emergency where it is requested and is necessary to protect a person’s life or safety, for example where there is a risk of imminent harmful conduct such as an attack or where a person’s safety is at risk.
Data Categories Used
: The information we use for this processing varies depending on the circumstances but it generally is comprised of information described in the "
Information You Provide
" and "
Automatically Collected Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy.
Legitimate Interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"):
Why And How We Process Your Data
:
For providing measurement, analytics, and other business services where we are processing data as a controller.
Legitimate Interests Relied On
:
To provide accurate and reliable aggregated reporting to businesses and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance, and to demonstrate the value our partners realise using our Services; and
In the interests of businesses and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses and validate our pricing models, and evaluate the effectiveness and distribution of their services and messages, and understand how people interact with them on our Services.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for these purposes.
For providing marketing communications to you.
Legitimate Interests Relied On
: The legitimate interests we rely on for this processing are: To promote
Facebook Company Products
and send direct marketing.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
To share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests. See our Privacy Policy under
Law and Protection
for more information.
Legitimate Interests Relied On
:
To prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the
Facebook Company Products
, violations of our terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
To protect ourselves (including our rights, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
To share information with the Facebook Companies to promote safety and security and integrity. See also "
How We Work with Other Facebook Companies
" for more information.
Legitimate Interests Relied On
: To secure systems and fight spam, threats, abuse, or infringement activities and promote safety and security across the
Facebook Company Products
.
Data Categories Used
: We use information described in the "
Information You Provide
," "
Automatically Collected Information
," and "
Third-Party Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy for this purpose.
You have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your rights, visit the "
How You Exercise Your Rights
" section of the Privacy Policy
Tasks Carried Out In The Public Interest
Why And How We Process Your Data
:
For undertaking research and to promote safety, security, and integrity as described in more detail under the "
How We Use Information
" section, where this is necessary in the public interest, as further specified by applicable law (e.g. in European Union law).
We will take steps to ensure that we are transparent, as appropriate, when we undertake processing on this basis.
Data Categories Used
: The information we use for this processing varies depending on the circumstances but it might be comprised of information described in the "
Information You Provide
" and "
Automatically Collected Information
" sections of this Privacy Policy.
When we process your data as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, go to the "
How You Exercise Your Rights
" section of the Privacy Policy.
Back to top
How You Exercise Your Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have the right to access, rectify, port, and erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information.
This includes the right to object to our processing of your information for direct marketing and the right to object to our processing of your information where we are performing a task in the public interest, or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party. We will consider several factors when assessing an objection including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users, third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons.
You can object to our processing of your information and learn more about your options to restrict the way we use your information by going
here
. Where we use your information for direct marketing, you can always object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in such communications, or by using our in-app "block" feature.
You can access or port your information using our in-app Request Account Info feature (available under
Settings
>
Account
). You can access tools to rectify, update, and erase your information directly in-app as described in the "
Managing and Retaining Your Information
" section.
When we process data you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To withdraw your consent, visit your device-based or in-app settings.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with WhatsApp's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or any other competent data protection supervisory authority.
Back to top
Managing And Retaining Your Information
We store information for as long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, including to provide our Services, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on factors like the nature of the information, why it is collected and processed, relevant legal or operational retention needs, and legal obligations.
Legal Obligations And Issues
. For example, we also keep your information for legal reasons such as when we have a legal obligation to retain data, to enforce and prevent violations of our Terms or if necessary to protect rights, property and users. Our "
Law, Our Rights And Protection
" section provides more information on this.
Operational Retention Needs
. For example, we do not retain your messages when providing our Services (except in the limited circumstances set out above), and so once your messages are delivered they are deleted from our servers. However, as stated above, if a message cannot be delivered immediately, we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it, after which it is deleted.
Deletion of Messaging Metadata
. Messaging Metadata is deleted or anonymised when it is no longer needed for transmitting the communication, operating our Services, ensuring the safety and security of our Services, for billing (where applicable), or to comply with legal obligations under applicable law.
If you would like to further manage, change, limit, or delete your information, you can do that through the following tools:
Services Settings
. You can change your Services settings to manage certain information available to other users. You can manage your contacts, groups, and broadcast lists, or use our "block" feature to manage who you communicate with on our Services.
Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name And Picture, And "About" Information
. If you change your mobile phone number you must update it using our in-app change number feature and transfer your account to your new mobile phone number. You can also change your profile name, profile picture, and "about" information at any time.
Deleting Your WhatsApp Account
. You can delete your WhatsApp account at any time using our in-app delete my account feature. Once you initiate the deletion process for your account, that account can no longer be used (i.e. you cannot log in or re-register).
What Happens To Your Information When You Delete Your Account?
When you delete your WhatsApp account, we delete the information we have about you, apart from the information listed below which we retain in limited circumstances.
Deleted Information
. Your undelivered messages, your account info and profile photo are deleted from our servers. You will be removed from all WhatsApp groups. Note that it takes up to 90 days from the beginning of the deletion process to delete your WhatsApp information. Copies of your information may also remain after the 90 days for a limited time in the backup storage that we use to recover lost data in the event of a disaster, software error, or other data loss event.
Information We Retain
In certain circumstances, in order to maintain the security of our Services, we need to retain certain logs that we are reviewing past the normal retention period to analyse/investigate a security incident or vulnerability.
Copies of some materials such as certain log records remain in our database but are disassociated from personal identifiers and no longer linked to your account. To disassociate this data from your account, we replace the user identifier with a randomly generated replacement so that it cannot be linked back to your account.
Copies of certain information may also be retained such as when we have a legal obligation to retain data, to enforce and prevent violations of our Terms or if necessary to protect our rights, property and users. Our "
Law, Our Rights And Protection
" section provides more information on this.
Be mindful that if you only delete the WhatsApp app from your device without using our in-app delete my account feature, your information will be stored with us for a longer period. Please remember that when you delete your account, it does not affect your information related to the groups you created, or the information other users have relating to you, such as their copy of the messages you sent them.
You can learn more about our data deletion and retention practices and about how to delete your account in our
Android
,
iPhone
, or
KaiOS
Help Center articles.
Back to top
Law, Our Rights And Protection
We access, preserve, and share your information described in the "
Information We Collect
" section, including sharing with regulators, law enforcement, other government agencies, industry partners and others in accordance with the "
Our Legal Basis for Processing Data
" section if we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to: (a) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, legal process, or government requests; (b) enforce our Terms and any other applicable terms and policies, including for investigations of potential violations; (c) detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security and technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, WhatsApp, the
Facebook Companies
, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Further information on the different legal bases we rely on to carry out this processing depending on the circumstances is set out in the "
Our Legal Basis for Processing Data
" section, including under the "Provision Of The Services In Accordance With The Terms", "Legitimate Interests" and "Vital Interests" headings.
Back to top
Our Global Operations
WhatsApp shares information globally, both internally within the
Facebook Companies
, and externally with our partners and with those you communicate around the world in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms.
Information controlled by WhatsApp will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other third countries outside of where you live for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. WhatsApp uses Facebook’s global infrastructure and data centers, including in the United States.
These transfers are necessary and essential to enable us to provide the Services set forth in our
Terms
and globally to operate and provide our Services to you. For transfers to third countries, we utilise standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission (see an explanation of what these are
here
), or rely on the European Commission's
adequacy decisions
about certain countries, by which the European Commission recognises that a third country, territory, or one or more specified sectors within that third country ensure an adequate level of protection, or use equivalent mechanisms provided under applicable data protection law, as applicable. For data transfers from the European Economic Area to the United States, we rely on standard contractual clauses.
Back to top
Updates To Our Policy
We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you notice of amendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate, and update the "Last modified" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Back to top
Contact Us
The Data Protection Officer for WhatsApp can be contacted
here
.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
or write us here:
WhatsApp Ireland Limited
Attn: Privacy Policy
4 Grand Canal Square
Grand Canal Harbour
Dublin 2
Ireland
Back to top
Sub-policy 1
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Disclosures
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 2
https://aircall.io/privacy/:
About this Privacy Policy
1. Aircall User’s Personal Data Processing
2. Site Visitor’s Personal Data Processing: Cookies
3. Lead's Personal Data Processing: Sales and Marketing
4. Aircall Contact’s Personal Data Processing: Improvement of our product and performance
5. Other recipients of the collected Personal Data
6. Retention of Personal Data
7. Transfers of Personal Data outside of the country of origin
8. Third-party links on the Site
9. Security
10. Your rights and choices
11. Amendments
12. Contact us
13. Aircall entities
About this Privacy Policy
Aircall uses your Personal Data as a Data Controller —on its own behalf— in the following situations:
If you use Aircall product and Services that require an Aircall account (we further call you “
Aircall User
”), Aircall will process some of your Personal Data as a Data Controller under certain circumstances described below. An Aircall User is typically a representative or an employee of
Aircall Customer
By “Aircall's Customers”, “Aircall Customer” or the “Customer” we mean the company that entered into a contractual relationship with Aircall, as is defined in the corresponding contract, and to whose account is the Aircall User's usage of Aircall product and Services linked.
or of a prospect (a company that is in the process of becoming Aircall Customer) who acts as our Customer’s agent. If you are an Aircall User, Sections 1 and 5—12 apply to Aircall’s processing of your Personal Data. Also, Aircall likely processes, acting as a Data Processor, your Personal Data for other purposes than those stated herein. For more information about such processing (as well as for exercising your rights related to Personal Data Processing) you should contact the corresponding Aircall Customer in the first instance.
You simply visit the
Site
By
“Site”
we mean Aircall website:
https://aircall.io
.
(we further call you “
Site Visitor
”) without being logged into your Aircall account, in case you are also an Aircall User. If you are a Site Visitor, Sections 2 and 5—12 apply to Aircall’s processing of your Personal Data.
You showed interest in Aircall product or services and/or agreed to be listed as a contact in our marketing database (we further call you a
“
Lead
”). If you are a Lead, Sections 3 and 5—12 apply to Aircall’s processing of your Personal Data.
You contact or have been contacted by Aircall go-to-market teams, including our support, slaes or customer success agents (we further call you
“
Aircall Contact
”). You might contact us by phone via one of our customer support lines. If you are also a Lead or an Aircall User, you might have been contacted by us via phone. If you are an Aircall Contact, Sections 4 and 5-12 apply to Aircall's processing of your Personal Dat.
If you do not provide us the personal information we request from you, you may not be able to benefit from the full use of our Services.
Aircall is a global service provider and, correspondingly, it collects Personal Data in different locations globally and from individuals across the globe. Thus, different privacy (personal data protection) laws apply to Aircall’s usage of your Personal Data. Aircall strives to follow the highest standards of protection of your personal data, respecting, on the other hand, local differences in applicable regulation. This Privacy Policy applies to Aircall’s processing of Personal Data globally.
Unless otherwise provided herein, all terms starting with a capital letter shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Aircall
Terms of Use
By “Terms of Use” we mean Aircall Terms of Use which appear at
https://aircall.io/terms-of-use/sas/
for the European version; at
https://aircall.io/terms-of-use/inc/
for the North American (U.S. & Canada) version; at
https://aircall.io/terms-of-use/pty/
for the Australian version.
.
If this Privacy Policy does not answer all your questions or concerns, you may also consult our
Privacy FAQs
.
If you are US Customer interested about protection of your Customer Proprietary Network Informations, please consult our
CPNI Notice.
1. Aircall User’s Personal Data Processing
The Data Controller of Aircall User’s Personal Data is such Aircall entity, which is a contracting party to the Customer to whose account your Aircall usage is linked. It is always one of the Aircall’s entities listed in Section 13 of this Policy.
The table below indicates the different purposes for which your Personal Data, may be processed as an Aircall User by Aircall as a Data Controller, as well as their different categories, the legal basis the processing is based on, categories of their recipients, and information about the period for which we process your Personal Data for the particular processing purpose (retention period). In addition to the purposes listed below, Aircall may also process personal data as required by applicable law.
Purpose and included processing activities:
Management of customer accounts, incl. ensuring customer experience
Analytics of user behavior within the Aircall product.
Analysis (manual) of customer usage of Aircall product and communication with the customer by Success Managers.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Customer account data
Customer financial/payment data
Information about user
Customer contact data (from contact list)
Additional call-related data (notes, tags, insight cards
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall (to provide Aircall Services to Customers; to enhance user experience; to improve, develop and administer Aircall products and services)
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients.
Hosting provider
Providers of infrastructure services
CRM providers
Telecommunication carriers and operators
Retention
Duration of Customer relationship
Processing customer's requests
Coordinating and analyzing requests submitted by Customers and Aircall Users via Customer Support Portal on Aircall website.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Customer account data
Customer financial/payment data
Information about user
Customer contact data (from contact list)
Call/SMS metadata
Additional call-related data (notes, tags, insight cards)
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall (to provide Aircall Services to Customers; to enhance user exprerience; to improve, develop and administer Aircall products and services)
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
Hosting provider
Providers of ticketing solutions
Retention
Up to 3 years following the request
Protection of security and integrity of Aircall systems and infrastructure
Analyzing registration, usage, access, and other metrics across Aircall systems; Identifying and assessing suspicious activity suggesting fraudulent use of the services or account takeover (such as repetitive use of information for registration; unusual outbound call destinations; sudden increase in account activity); implementing proactive and reactive security measures.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Customer account data
Information about user
Customer contact data (from contact list)
Call/SMS metadata
Additional call-related data (notes, tags, insight cards)
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall
(to provide Aircall Services securely, as contracted between Aircall and its Customers, ensure lawful use and prevent fraudulent activities on the Aircall platform)
.
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
Hosting provider
Providers of infrastructure services
Fraud detection tool provider
Retention
Duration of Customer relationship
Invoicing
Preparation of invoice based on customer's usage of the Aircall product.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Customer account data
Call/SMS metadata
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall (to be able to bill Aircall Services based on usage of Aircall services, as contracted between Aircall and the Customer)
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
Providers of billing management tools
Retention
Up to 1 month following the call is made or the SMS is sent
Cash collection
Administration of billing and cash collection, including handling requests from customers regarding payments and invoices and any other billing-related requests.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Customer account data
Customer financial/payment data
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall (to be able to claim payment of outstanding invoices)
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
Providers of billing management tools
Providers of payment solutions
Retention
Up to 6 month following invoice sent to customer
Protection of Aircall's rights and interests
Personal data storage for potential disputes, claims, questions or disagreements and its potential usage in case that dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arises.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Customer account data
Information about user
Additional call-related data (notes, tags, insight cards)
Call/SMS metadata
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall (to be able to initiate or respond to claims and questions)
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
None
Retention
Up to 1 year following termination of Customer relationship
Ensuring Aircall’s compliance and responding to access requests from law enforcing authorities under applicable telecommunications laws
As telecommunications service provider, Aircall is obliged by the laws of certain countries to:
Collect information for identity verification of the customer for number provisioning and keep such data for a certain period of time; and/or
Retain certain data generated and processed in connection to the provision of telecommunication services for the detection or prevention of crime (including the prevention of fraud)
Upon a binding request, which may consist an information request or a request for lawful interception, disclose the data to law enforcing authorities.
For this reason, we collect and store the required data for statutory period.
For the duration of our services we also use the validation stamp created based on the information previously provided to provision the customer with additional phone numbers in the same geographic location.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Call/SMS metadata
Customer account data
Customer provided documentation
Customer identity verification data
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for compliance with legal obligations to which Aircall is subject.
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall (to simplify the number provisioning process for the customer and ensure smoother service provision).
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
None
Retention
As required by applicable law with retention periods ranging from 1 to 6 years
You are invited to contact us via means provided in Section 10 hereof for more information about the said recipients categories.
We do not store any bank information or credit details on our servers, provided that they are handled by a trusted third party independent and different from Aircall.
2. Site Visitor’s Personal Data Processing: Cookies
If you are a Site Visitor, the Personal Data we process about you are the cookies and similar online identifiers (further on collectively referred to as “cookies”).
Please note that the information in this Section only applies to Aircall’s usage of cookies on the Site. If you are an Aircall User and you access Aircall Services via a browser, Section 1 of this Privacy Policy (Aircall User’s Personal Data Processing) applies. Aircall’s cookie usage as per this Section 2 does not apply to you when you are signed in to your Aircall User account and you access the Aircall Dashboard via a browser.
The Data Controller of Site Visitor's cookies is Aircall SAS. The identity and the contact details of Aircall SAS can be found in Section 13 hereof.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers/trackers that are transferred to the device you use to access the Services via your browser. Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide additional features for a better user experience and to provide information to site owners.
Cookie List
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Show list
How can you set your cookie preferences, and which choices do we provide? Upon your first visit on the Site, a cookie banner will appear, unless you’re visiting the Site from the Americas (if you are visiting the Site from the Americas, please see the section “How do I change my cookie settings?” below). The cookie banner allows you to express your cookie choice for the performance, functional and targeting cookies:
If you click on the “Accept all cookies” button, we will start deploying the performance, functional and targeting cookies.
If you click on the “Reject all cookies” button, we will not deploy the performance, functional and targeting cookies. Only strictly necessary (technical) cookies will be deployed, unless you change your choice.
If you click on the “Personalize my choice” button, you will be invited to make a separate choice for performance, functional and targeting cookies.
The strictly necessary (technical) cookies are automatically deployed to the device upon your first visit to the Site. We do not provide you with options for this cookie type, as disabling these cookies would affect how the Site functions. You may still disable these cookies in your browser setting (see the next paragraph).
How do I change my cookie settings?
We encourage you to change your cookie preferences for performance, functional and targeting cookies at any time by clicking on the “Cookies Preferences” link at the bottom of the Site. The cookie banner will reappear and you can update your cookie choices from there.
Alternatively, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. The default settings for Internet browsers are usually set to accept cookies, but you can easily change your browser’s settings. For more information, please visit:
http://www.aboutcookies.org/
.
You may also use a cookie management software, such as the TarteAuCitron or TagCommander software.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
A list of additional software is also available on the French data protection authority (
CNIL
“CNIL” stands for Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés - the French National Data Protection Authority.
), and additional links to your favorite browser setting are available on the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
“ICO” stands for Information Commissioner’s Office - the National Data Protection Authority of the United Kingdom.
) website.
3. Lead's Personal Data Processing: Sales and Marketing
Who is the Data Controller?
When we conduct our email marketing campaigns and outbound sales development activities (email and calling), as described in this chapter, the following Aircall companies typically participate in them and act as
Joint Controllers
By “Joint Controllers” we mean those Aircall companies that jointly determine the purposes and means of the processing of your personal data and thus are generally jointly responsible, under the data protection laws, for the legality of the usage of your personal data.
: Aircall SAS, Aircall UK Ltd,
Aircall.io
, Inc. and Aircall PTY LTD.
Our email communication will always include identification of Aircall company leading our marketing activity in your region (Aircall SAS in Europe, Middle East, and Asia;
Aircall.io
, Inc. in North America; and Aircall PTY LTD in Australia). Other Aircall companies may participate, based on internal agreement between them, in the processing of your Personal Data within our email marketing campaigns and outbound sales development activities as follows:
Aircall companies participate in creation of the email communication content and design;
Aircall companies share the touchpoint for requests and complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in relation to Aircall's outbound sales development and marketing activities, whereby your requests and complaints are typically handled by Aircall SAS;
Aircall companies jointly administer and share database used for Aircall's outbound sales development and marketing purposes; and
Each Aircall company may enter into agreement with Aircall's business partners to enrich the shared database.
How do we collect your Personal Data?
If we contact you with an email marketing campaign and/or as a part of our outbound sales development activities, it means we have your contact details listed in our database for these purposes. We collect contact details for our database from the following sources:
Aircall's internal customer database: If you are Aircall's customer, we automatically add you to our database for email marketing communication, as we believe that you are interested in news about Aircall product, services, events and other content.
Forms on Aircall Site: You have the option to sign up for our email marketing campaigns and outbound sales development activities via various forms on Aircall Site, including when you register for a webinar or event hosted by Aircall or where Aircall participates, and via support chat bot on the Site.
Social networks: We may find your contact on a work-related social network, such as LinkedIn.
Campaigns co-organized by Aircall: We also receive your contact when you participate in a marketing campaign co-organized by Aircall and its business partners.
Data-enrichment tools and providers: Where local data protection laws allow and where we find a reliable data-enrichment tool provider, we may also receive some of your contact details. Every provider used by Aircall for this purpose is subject to Aircall's privacy team assessment to make sure we collect your data ethically and in compliance with applicable laws.
What should you do if you want us to stop contacting you as a Lead?
You can find an "Unsubscribe" link in every email marketing communication sent by Aircall. Using this link is a reliable way to make sure we do not contact you with marketing emails anymore. Please note that it may take us up to 3 working days to process your "Unsubscribe" choice, so you may receive other marketing emails from us in the meantime. Thank you for understanding.
If we call you as a part of Aircall's outbound sales development activities, you can inform our outbound sales representative that you do not wish to be contacted in this way anymore at any time. We will make sure not to call you again.
Which Personal Data do we use?
When we process your data as a Lead, we use, all or just some, depending on your particular circumstance, of the following Personal Data: name, email, phone number, company and job title, region/country, and/or IP address. We also use certain data about your company, such as company size, CRM, and whether you or your company is an Aircall Customer.
How do we use your Personal Data?
The table below indicates the different purposes your Personal Data as a Lead may be processed by Aircall, the legal basis the processing is based on, categories of their recipients, and information about the period for which we process your Personal Data for the particular processing purpose (retention period).
Purpose and included processing activities:
Conducting email marketing campaigns for promotion of brand awareness
We send emails with varied promotional content related to Aircall product and services such as new features or integration partnerships.
We may also ask you to fill out a survey questionnaire. You may also receive an invitation to an event, such as a webinar hosted by Aircall or where Aircall participates.
Our emails may also introduce to you and promote content created by Aircall (exclusively or in cooperation with its partners), such as guides or e-books.
Digital marketing utilizes internet and online-based digital technologies such as desktop computers, mobile phones and other digital media and platforms to promote products and services of the company.
Read more
Legal basis
To the extent that our activities are regulated by EU laws (typically if you are an EU resident) and if you are Aircall Customer, we have a legitimate interest to contact you within our email marketing campaigns. We have a strong belief that you want to be informed about news related to our product and services, as you already benefit from them.
However, if you are not an Aircall customer, we are typically required by applicable law (such as ePrivacy Directive and derived national laws) to rely on your consent. Thus we only contact you via email if you give us such consent (opt-in).
Recipient Categories
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
CRM providers
Marketing management tool providers
Aircall's marketing partners
Ticketing solution providers
Retention
3 years after you give us your consent (if you are not Aircall's customer)
or
1 year following the termination of a customer relationship (if you are/were Aircall's customer)
Outbound sales development
If we believe that Aircall product and services may suit the needs of your company, our outbound sales representative may email and/or call you to introduce and discuss our product with you.
Read more
Legal basis
We have a legitimate Interest to contact you within our outbound sales development activities. These activities are a form of direct marketing, where we carefully choose whether we will contact you or not by assessing potential benefits of Aircall product and services for your company. We have a strong belief that your company may benefit from our communication.
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
CRM providers
Marketing management tool providers
Retention
3 years after you give us your consent
Understanding your needs and targeting Aircall product, services and marketing activities
We perform internal data analysis to have better overall information (aggregate statistics) about our Customers and Leads and a better understanding of the market, to better address their needs.
Read more
Legal basis
We have a legitimate Interest to perform internal analysis. We have a strong belief that if we are able to better target our communication and suit our product and services to your needs, you will ultimately benefit from them even more.
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
None
Retention
As long as we process your Personal Data for conducting email marketing campaigns for promotion of brand awareness or outbound sales development
Please note that not all categories of data recipients necessarily apply to you, depending on how we collect your Personal Data as a Lead (i.e., Aircall's ticketing system provider will only receive your Personal Data if you sign up for our marketing activities via chat bot on our Site).
4. Aircall Contact’s Personal Data Processing: Improvement of our product and performance
When we process Aircall Contacts’ Personal Data for the purposes of this chapter, the following Aircall companies typically participate in such processing and act as Joint Controllers: Aircall SAS and Aircall Telecom SL.
The table below indicates the purpose for which your Personal Data may be processed as an Aircall Contact by Aircall as a Data Controller, as well as their different categories, the legal basis the processing is based on, categories of their recipients, and information about the period for which we process your Personal Data for the particular processing purpose (retention period). In addition to the purposes listed below, Aircall may also process personal data as required by applicable law.
Purpose and included processing activities:
Improvement of Aircall product and performance
Analysis of the Aircall product performance on your communication with the Aircall agents, incl. testing of new features, troubleshooting, identifying and removing bugs, and investigating and deploying ways to improve them. These activities may include machine learning, utilization and optimization of artificial intelligence.
Read more
Categories of Personal Data
Contact data of the Aircall Contact
Content of communication between Aircall and Aircall Contact
Legal basis
Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by Aircall. We have a strong belief that all individuals interested in the Aircall product ultimately benefit from improvements of the Aircall product performance, incl. its new features.
Categories of Recipients
See also
Section 5
for other recipients
N/A
Retention
Up to 1 year following the communication was made
5. Other recipients of the collected Personal Data
Only our personnel, the services in charge of control (especially external auditors) and our recipient subcontractors may have access to your Personal Data.
Personal Data may also be disclosed in response to lawful requests made by government agencies or public authorities —including public officers or debt collection organizations— to meet national security, law enforcement, or any other legal requirements.
Depending on where you are located, we might have to enforce local regulations and requirements where the use of a local phone number requires verification of customer's identity and collection and storage of user details (in particular, first/last name and address) in the event we should receive an official request from a competent local authority.
6. Retention of Personal Data
We retain Personal Data when we have an ongoing legal basis to do so. When we no longer have legal basis to process Personal Data, we will either delete or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store it and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
We may retain Personal Data to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations. In any case, upon ceasing or lifting of such obligations, Personal Data shall be removed from our systems and records, as well as that of our subcontractors, if any, or otherwise archived or anonymized so that they can no longer be identified.
7. Transfers of Personal Data outside of the country of origin
Aircall may transfer Personal Data to recipients (described in Section 5 above) located outside of the country of the Personal Data’s origin.
Personal Data can also be processed by mere access by individuals working outside the country of origin who work for us or for one of our trusted service providers (Data Processors).
The main locations where the Personal Data may be stored are the United States, Europe (European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom; collectively, “Europe”) and Australia. They also may be transferred to, mainly but not limited to, these countries as well as to India.
We have implemented suitable safeguards designed to transfer Personal Data outside countries of origin in a secure manner and in compliance with the applicable regulations, most significantly with the GDPR. We require the importers of the Personal Data to comply with security standards and obligations imposed by applicable regulations, above all, the security requirements of the GDPR. We execute appropriate contractual arrangements to deal with such transfers, in particular in respect of Personal Data originating from Europe the standard contractual clauses adopted by the Commission of the European Union and, following a thorough assessment, additional measures as required in accordance with the European Data Protection Board’s (EDPB) Recommendation no. 1/2020. You are invited to contact us via means provided in Section 12 hereof for more information in relation to the said safeguards.
Aircall also keeps monitoring the legislative development and latest guidance in relation to the personal data transfers outside Europe and commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Aircall participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF, together with the EU-U.S. DPF, including the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, jointly referred to as “
DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Aircall commits to subject all Personal Data received in the U.S.:
From the European Economic Area (EEA) to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF;
From the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and
From Switzerland to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, together with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles jointly referred to as “
DPF Principles
”) in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF,
and has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that its entity incorporated in the U.S. (
Aircall.io
, Inc.) adheres to the DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view Aircall’s certification, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Where Aircall transfers Personal Data received under the DPF to a third party, Aircall requires that the third party’s processing of Personal Data is consistent with our obligations under the DPF. We remain liable under the DPF if the third party acting on our behalf processes Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Aircall.io, Inc. may be required to disclose Personal Data that it handles under the DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Aircall commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about its collection and use of Personal Data in compliance with the DPF Principles. EEA, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding Aircall’s handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF should first contact Aircall at:
privacy@aircall.io
. In compliance with the DPF, Aircall commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the:
Panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning its handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF;
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning its handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and
The Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning its handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the individual’s right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Principles.
Aircall offers individuals the choices and means described in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy for limiting the use and disclosure of their Personal Data.
Aircall.io, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
8. Third-party links on the Site
Our Site and Services may include links to and from the websites of our partners, advertisers, and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these companies have their own privacy policies and that Aircall is not responsible or liable for any use of Personal Data by such third parties. We recommend that you check their policies before you visit these websites.
9. Security
We undertake to implement precautions, as well as organizational and technical measures, designed to maintain the security, integrity, and confidentiality of Personal Data, and, in particular, to help prevent them from being modified or damaged and stop any unauthorized third party from accessing them. As an example, our employees’ accounts are secured by strong passwords, and they are all bound by confidentiality obligations. All our data is encrypted both in transit and at rest. If you are Aircall User, please see our Information Security page
here
for more information about how your personal data is protected when you use the Aircall product.
10. Your rights and choices
In any case where Aircall processes your Personal Data as a Data Controller, you have, subject to applicable law, the following rights:
To access and obtain a copy of Personal Data that we process;
To rectify the Personal Data if inaccurate or outdated and/or supplement them if incomplete;
To object to the processing of Personal Data that is based on legitimate interests;
To erase Personal Data and to be forgotten;
To withdraw your consent at any time to any processing of your Personal Data that is solely based on your consent;
To portability - you have the right to move, copy, or transmit Personal Data relating to them;
To restrict or limit the processing of Personal Data;
To set guidelines to organize the use of Personal Data after the death of the concerned individual.
Depending on where you are located, you may have additional rights related to calls or other communications you place or receive using Aircall services.
In the event of any dispute, claim, question or disagreement arising from or relating to this Privacy Policy or breach thereof, you may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, be it the CNIL or your local authority (e.g. in case of Australia the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). Without prejudice to your said right, we invite you to first seek an amicable resolution thereof by contacting Aircall in writing, stating the grounds of your complaint and providing any supporting evidence.
Your additional rights under the DPF are described in section 7 above.
11. Amendments
We may amend the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. If you do not agree with the amended version of the Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services or respectively stop visiting our website. All amended terms automatically become effective on the day when a new Privacy Policy is posted on the Site.
Should we add new consent-based processing of Personal Data, we shall ensure to obtain your consent prior to processing such Personal Data (e.g., via a box to tick).
12. Contact us
To exercise any of your rights listed in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy, please proceed to our
Privacy Rights Request Form
.
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or if you want to share your concerns about our processing of your Personal Data, please contact us by email at
privacy@aircall.io
.
Please be aware that this email address serves exclusively for matters related to privacy / personal data protection. In such matters we will usually get back to you within 5 working days. Should your request not be related to privacy / personal data protection, we might not answer.
By contacting us at
privacy@aircall.io
you can also reach the Data Protection Officer of Aircall SAS, registered with the CNIL.
For matters related to security (including with reports of detected vulnerabilities), please contact us at
security@aircall.io
.
You may also reach out to us via mail (see the addresses in Section 12 of this Policy).
13. Aircall entities
Aircall.io
, Inc.
, a Delaware corporation with offices at 44 W 28th St, 14th, Floor, New York, New York 10001
Aircall SAS
, a French société par actions simplifiée whose registered office is at 11-15, rue Saint-Georges, 75009 Paris (France), registered with the Paris Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés under No. 807 437 595
Aircall Telecom SL
, a Spanish sociedad limitada whose registered office is at CL Monte Esquinza No 30 PISO BJ, PTA IZ, 28010 Madrid (Spain), NIF: B88625694
Aircall PTY LTD
, an Australian proprietary limited company whose registered office is at Level 13, 4-6 Bligh Street, Sydney NSW 2000 (Australia), ABN: 33 646 704 314
Aircall UK Ltd
, a private company limited by shares governed under the laws of England and Wales, whose registered office is at 12 New Fetter Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 1JP, registered with the Registrar of Companies under No. 13885574
Aircall DE GmbH
, a German Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung, whose registered office is at Neue Schônhauserstraße 3-5, 10178 Berlin (Germany), registered with the Handelsregister B des Amtsgerichts München under No. HRB 272760
Aircall Telecom India Private Limited
, a private company limited by shares governed under the laws of India, whose registered office is at UG 6, Upper Ground, 39 Daryacha Complex, Hauz Khas Village, New Delhi, Delhi, India, 110016, registered with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs under Corporate Identification Number: U72200DL2022FTC407242
Sub-policy 3
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: cd140a6fdfe8fb0317c32032232bb4db
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organisation – notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalised offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilise and, in the domain that placed the cookie, can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalised ads and analyse site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organisation, such as a business or school, that utilises Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organisation, please see the
Products provided by your organisation
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features such as personalisation that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organisation’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365 or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organisation, such as a business or school, that utilises Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organisation, please see the
Products provided by your organisation
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features such as personalisation that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first name and surname, email address, postal address, phone number and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licences and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device and the products you use related to your help enquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favourites
. Data about your interests and favourites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track or cities you add to track things such as weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favourites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people and organisations, such as types of engagement (e.g. likes, dislikes, events) related to people and organisations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postcode level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalise our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analysing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent and personalised experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalise our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analysing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalised app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programmes and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritise, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalisation
. Many products include personalised features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalised features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organisations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the US National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximise your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, post and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyse data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyse our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licences to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorised. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain US state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalised advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorised. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organisation you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organisation to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organisation to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organisations and the public – for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent and combat harmful or illegal behaviour, including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalised advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalised advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls and post from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organisation, such as your employer, school or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organisation to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Centre (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Centre website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, post and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional emails, telephone calls and post by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and viewing your
communication permissions,
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programmes and activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalised advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honouring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign-in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analysing how our products perform and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honour your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyse how our products perform and fulfil other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postcode to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalisation and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postcode, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third-party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behaviour. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organisation – notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organisation you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organisation can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organisations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organisation provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organisation’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy enquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organisation’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organisation, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organisation. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organisation and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organisation, please contact your organisation. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organisation as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorised educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioural targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorised educational or school purposes or as authorised by the parent, guardian or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favourites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalisation and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organisation (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organisation, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favourites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalisation, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organisation (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organisation, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalisation, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third-party can display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third-party or its vendors (e.g. payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfil your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses and relevant contact information). The third-party can use or share the data it receives when you sign-in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organisation. If required by your organisation, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organisation, you may also use your work or school account to sign-in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organisation and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organisation’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organisation’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organisation to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign-in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organisation, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organisation is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy enquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organisation.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13, or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorisation from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorisation has been granted, the child’s account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organiser of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13, or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorisation from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorisation has been granted, the child’s account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organiser of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign-in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organiser in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternative email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorised or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organiser of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centres in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data centre in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) programme, and to view our certification, please
visit the US Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to co-operate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfil the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalised. We will update our processes, disclosures and this notice as these implementing rules are finalised, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilises your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable US state laws, for personalised advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalised advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as being under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalised advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practises, and our
US State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalised advertising purposes under applicable US state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share” and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalised advertising purposes on third-party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorised agent. If you use an authorised agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalised ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalised advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalised advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalise our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfil orders; help, secure and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalise and activate our products; customer support; help, secure and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalise our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfil requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalised advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalised ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favourites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about cars, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learnt about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favourites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalised advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalised advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalised advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalised advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalised advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practises and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programmes:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalised advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache/migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep and vision/eye care. We will also personalise ads based on customised, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalised advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalised advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable US state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalised advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company’s practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalised advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g. “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalise the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g. “summarise this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimises data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customisation features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organisations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365 and Microsoft Intune for which an organisation (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Centre, Azure Stack and open source software such as Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organisation, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalise the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organisations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365 and Microsoft Intune for which an organisation (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Centre, Azure Stack and open source software such as Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organisation, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalise the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA)
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modelling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party enquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimise your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organisation’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorised partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorise Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organisation, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organisation, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organisation, the service syncs some of your customised settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customised settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyse your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyse content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be greyed out, or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyses your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licences. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content – for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customisable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features such as chat, web search, voice search and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organise daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalised experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalised news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronised across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your postcode.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen set-ups with Microsoft Launcher’s back-up and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers or login information, and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organisation in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronisation process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organisations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organisations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organisation’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy enquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organisation’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organisation’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organisation's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalised experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and customise roaming settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorisation code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalised filtering of less important email, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organisation (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organisational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronisation process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analysed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorisations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things, such as search for news, play games and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports mobile and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your username, email address or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practises. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programmes described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarising from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement programme for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Programme, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Programme to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Programme at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Programme after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalisation through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalisation features to customise your interests, favourites and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalisation settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favourites, downloads, history, extensions and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favourites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address and phone number), passwords, payment information and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalise or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalise Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services such as ads, search, shopping and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favourites, usage data, web content and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalised ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, you will continue to receive personalised web experiences such as search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favourites, usage and other browsing data to personalise Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services such as ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognise an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser’s service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalised experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalisation
or
Share info about websites that you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognise an individual user on a device and understand the browser’s service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalise or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers – Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalise your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Customised Translator and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalised auto-correction and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalised language model. This model is an optimised view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognised as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign in to your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data and model data to analyse service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronised with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronisation and back up. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalised computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software programme on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organisation (such as your employer or school), your organisation may use centralised management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organisation or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organisation may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings and personalise various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customisation: You can personalise various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customise your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including WiFi, Ethernet, mobile and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports mobile.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalised computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software programme on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organisation (such as your employer or school), your organisation may use centralised management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organisation or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organisation may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings and personalise various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customisation: You can personalise various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customise your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including WiFi, Ethernet, mobile and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports mobile.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your licence to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your licence. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalised experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognise an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organisation (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrols your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organisation. If an organisation uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organisation will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organisation, and for other purposes of the organisation.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider Programme.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programmes are launched on a device, how long they run and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimises the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalised offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalised offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalised tips, ads and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalised offers include suggestions on how to customise and optimise Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalised offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalise offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalise offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalise offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing or inking input data for personalising offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalise offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalised search, ads and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations and promotions to provide and improve the personalised offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalise offers, you can visit your
Personalised ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalise offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalised offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalise tips, ads and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalise offers by visiting your
Personalised ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalised offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalise offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalised offers applies to tips, offers, ads and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalised offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalised offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalised offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalised tips, ads and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalisation is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalisation is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing or inking input data for personalisation when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognise an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customise and optimise Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customise your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first-party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign-in to Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organisation (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign in to Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organisation. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organisation’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin centre by your organisation’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case. Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organisation’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, WiFi or mobile modem) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy, even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using mobile service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postcode or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorisations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your device and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialled within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel and Word directly from your device. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognised, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios such as opening and switching between apps, browsing the web and reading and authoring email. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognise speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalisation
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a customised word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalisation at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your customised word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalisation in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows back up and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favourites, downloads and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favourites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favourites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address and phone number) and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyse screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g. snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organised chronologically and visualised in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and back up settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organise, view and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favourites tab lets you view photos and videos that you have previously liked or favourited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organise, view and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organise your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organise your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as username and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organisation (such as a company email address), the owner of the organisational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognise your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID and Country (coarse location determined by Mobile Network ID or WiFi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimise cache, stop or recover from unauthorised changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through customised block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan”, you can help us optimise the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft when you block pop-up windows using customised block. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organise, view and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognise the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organisers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorised or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customise your interests and favourites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalisation through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your customised settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 4
https://akiles.app/en/privacy-policy:
Protección de datos de carácter personal según el RGPD
‍
‍
AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L, en aplicación de la normativa vigente en materia de protección de datos de carácter personal, informa que los datos personales que se recogen a través de los formularios del Sitio web: www.akiles.app, se incluyen en los ficheros automatizados específicos de usuarios de los servicios de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. La recogida y tratamiento automatizado de los datos de carácter personal tiene como finalidad el mantenimiento de la relación comercial y el desempeño de tareas de información, formación, asesoramiento y otras actividades propias de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. Estos datos únicamente serán cedidos a aquellas entidades que sean necesarias con el único objetivo de dar cumplimiento a la finalidad anteriormente expuesta.
        ‍‍
‍
AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. adopta las medidas necesarias para garantizar la seguridad, integridad y confidencialidad de los datos conforme a lo dispuesto en el Reglamento (UE) 2016/679 del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 27 de abril de 2016, relativo a la protección de las personas físicas en lo que respecta al tratamiento de datos personales y a la libre circulación de los mismos.
        ‍
El usuario podrá en cualquier momento ejercitar los derechos de acceso, oposición, rectificación, cancelación, limitación y portabilidad reconocidos en el citado Reglamento (UE). El ejercicio de estos derechos puede realizarlo el propio usuario a través de email a: info@akiles.app o en la dirección: C/ Carrer Moianes 16-18, Entresuelo 4, Escalera izquierda de Barcelona (Barcelona).
        ‍
El usuario manifiesta que todos los datos facilitados por él son ciertos y correctos, y se compromete a mantenerlos actualizados, comunicando los cambios a AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L.
        ‍
‍
¿Con qué finalidad trataremos tus datos personales?
        ‍
En AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. trataremos tus datos personales recabados a través del Sitio Web www.akiles.app, con las siguientes finalidades: 1) En caso de contratación de los bienes y servicios ofertados a través de www.akiles.app, para mantener la relación contractual, así como la gestión, administración, información, prestación y mejora del servicio, 2) Envío de información solicitada a través de los formularios dispuestos en www.akiles.app y 3) Remitir boletines (newsletters), así como comunicaciones comerciales de promociones y/o publicidad de www.akiles.app y del sector.
        ‍
‍
Te recordamos que puedes oponerte al envío de comunicaciones comerciales por cualquier vía y en cualquier momento, remitiendo un correo electrónico a la dirección anteriormente indicada.
        ‍
Los campos de dichos registros son de cumplimentación obligatoria, siendo imposible realizar las finalidades expresadas si no se aportan esos datos.
        ‍
‍
¿Por cuánto tiempo se conservan los datos personales recabados?
        ‍
Los datos personales proporcionados se conservarán mientras se mantenga la relación comercial o no solicites su supresión y durante el plazo por el cuál pudieran derivarse responsabilidades legales por los servicios prestados.
        ‍
‍
Legitimación
        ‍
El tratamiento de tus datos se realiza con las siguientes bases jurídicas que legitiman el mismo:
        ‍
La solicitud de información y/o la contratación de los servicios de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., cuyos términos y condiciones se pondrán a tu disposición en todo caso, de forma previa a una eventual contratación. El consentimiento libre, específico, informado e inequívoco, en tanto que te informamos poniendo a tu disposición la presente política de privacidad, que tras la lectura de la misma, en caso de estar conforme, puedes aceptar mediante una declaración o una clara acción afirmativa, como el marcado de una casilla dispuesta al efecto.
        ‍
‍
En caso de que no nos facilites tus datos o lo hagas de forma errónea o incompleta, no podremos atender tu solicitud, resultando del todo imposible proporcionarte la información solicitada o llevar a cabo la contratación de los servicios.
        ‍
‍
Destinatarios
        ‍
Los datos no se comunicarán a ningún tercero ajeno a AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., salvo obligación legal. Como encargados de tratamiento, tenemos contratados a los siguientes proveedores de servicios, habiéndose comprometido al cumplimiento de las disposiciones normativas, de aplicación en materia de protección de datos, en el momento de su contratación:
        ‍
‍
Datos recopilados por usuarios de los servicios
        ‍
En los casos en que el usuario incluya ficheros con datos de carácter personal en los servidores de alojamiento compartido, AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. no se hace responsable del incumplimiento por parte del usuario del RGPD.
        ‍
‍
Retención de datos en conformidad a la LSSI
        ‍
AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. informa de que, como prestador de servicio de alojamiento de datos y en virtud de lo establecido en la Ley 34/2002 de 11 de julio de Servicios de la Sociedad de la Información y de Comercio Electrónico (LSSI), retiene por un periodo máximo de 12 meses la información imprescindible para identificar el origen de los datos alojados y el momento en que se inició la prestación del servicio. La retención de estos datos no afecta al secreto de las comunicaciones y sólo podrán ser utilizados en el marco de una investigación criminal o para la salvaguardia de la seguridad pública, poniéndose a disposición de los jueces y/o tribunales o del Ministerio que así los requiera.
        ‍
‍
La comunicación de datos a las Fuerzas y Cuerpos del Estado se hará en virtud a lo dispuesto en la normativa sobre protección de datos personales.
        ‍
‍
Derechos propiedad intelectual www.akiles.app
        ‍
AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. es titular de todos los derechos de autor, propiedad intelectual, industrial, "know how" y cuantos otros derechos guardan relación con los contenidos del sitio web www.akiles.app y los servicios ofertados en el mismo, así como de los programas necesarios para su implementación y la información relacionada.
        ‍
No se permite la reproducción, publicación y/o uso no estrictamente privado de los contenidos, totales o parciales, del sitio web www.akiles.app sin el consentimiento previo y por escrito.
        ‍
‍
Propiedad intelectual del software
        ‍
El usuario debe respetar los programas de terceros puestos a su disposición por AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., aún siendo gratuitos y/o de disposición pública. AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. dispone de los derechos de explotación y propiedad intelectual necesarios del software. El usuario no adquiere derecho alguno o licencia por el servicio contratado, sobre el software necesario para la prestación del servicio, ni tampoco sobre la información técnica de seguimiento del servicio, excepción hecha de los derechos y licencias necesarios para el cumplimiento de los servicios contratados y únicamente durante la duración de los mismos.
        ‍‍
‍
Para toda actuación que exceda del cumplimiento del contrato, el usuario necesitará autorización por escrito por parte de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., quedando prohibido al usuario acceder, modificar, visualizar la configuración, estructura y ficheros de los servidores propiedad de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., asumiendo la responsabilidad civil y penal derivada de cualquier incidencia que se pudiera producir en los servidores y sistemas de seguridad como consecuencia directa de una actuación negligente o maliciosa por su parte.
        ‍
‍
Propiedad intelectual de los contenidos alojados
        ‍
Se prohíbe el uso contrario a la legislación sobre propiedad intelectual de los servicios prestados por AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. y, en particular de: 1)La utilización que resulte contraria a las leyes españolas o que infrinja los derechos de terceros, 2) La publicación o la transmisión de cualquier contenido que, a juicio de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., resulte violento, obsceno, abusivo, ilegal, racial, xenófobo o difamatorio, 3)Los cracks, números de serie de programas o cualquier otro contenido que vulnere derechos de la propiedad intelectual de terceros. La recogida y/o utilización de datos personales de otros usuarios sin su consentimiento expreso o contraviniendo lo dispuesto en el Reglamento (UE) 2016/679 del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 27 de abril de 2016, relativo a la protección de las personas físicas en lo que respecta al tratamiento de datos personales y a la libre circulación de los mismos. 4)La utilización del servidor de correo del dominio y de las direcciones de correo electrónico para el envío de correo masivo no deseado.
        ‍
‍
El usuario tiene toda la responsabilidad sobre el contenido de su web, la información transmitida y almacenada, los enlaces de hipertexto, las reivindicaciones de terceros y las acciones legales en referencia a propiedad intelectual, derechos de terceros y protección de menores. El usuario es responsable respecto a las leyes y reglamentos en vigor y las reglas que tienen que ver con el funcionamiento del servicio online, comercio electrónico, derechos de autor, mantenimiento del orden público, así como principios universales de uso de Internet. El usuario indemnizará a AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. por los gastos que generara la imputación de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. en alguna causa cuya responsabilidad fuera atribuible al usuario, incluidos honorarios y gastos de defensa jurídica, incluso en el caso de una decisión judicial no definitiva.
        ‍
‍
Protección de la información alojada
        ‍
AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. realiza copias de seguridad de los contenidos alojados en sus servidores, sin embargo no se responsabiliza de la pérdida o el borrado accidental de los datos por parte de los usuarios. De igual manera, no garantiza la reposición total de los datos borrados por los usuarios, ya que los citados datos podrían haber sido suprimidos y/o modificados durante el periodo del tiempo transcurrido desde la última copia de seguridad. Los servicios ofertados, excepto los servicios específicos de backup, no incluyen la reposición de los contenidos conservados en las copias de seguridad realizadas por AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L., cuando esta pérdida sea imputable al usuario; en este caso, se determinará una tarifa acorde a la complejidad y volumen de la recuperación, siempre previa aceptación del usuario. La reposición de datos borrados sólo está incluida en el precio del servicio cuando la pérdida del contenido sea debida a causas atribuibles a AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L..
        ‍
‍
‍Comunicaciones comerciales
        ‍
En aplicación de la LSSI. AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. no enviará comunicaciones publicitarias o promocionales por correo electrónico u otro medio de comunicación electrónica equivalente que previamente no hubieran sido solicitadas o expresamente autorizadas por los destinatarios de las mismas. En el caso de usuarios con los que exista una relación contractual previa, AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. sí está autorizado al envío de comunicaciones comerciales referentes a productos o servicios de AKILES TECHNOLOGIES S.L. que sean similares a los que inicialmente fueron objeto de contratación con el cliente. En todo caso, el usuario, tras acreditar su identidad, podrá solicitar que no se le haga llegar más información comercial a través de los canales de Atención al Cliente.
COOKIES
This website only stores
google analytics
cookies that are used to collect information regarding the way you interact with our website. For more information, see our
Cookie Policy >
.
Accept
Decline
If you disable this option we will stop using google analytics and we will not show you our social media feeds on the
company page
Yes, Decline
Sub-policy 5
https://mapme.com/privacy-policy/:
Mapme Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 11, 2021
Welcome to Mapme.com’s Privacy Policy!
Mapme cares about the privacy of its visitors and users and is fully committed to protecting their personal information and using it properly in compliance with data privacy laws. This policy describes how we may collect and use personal information, and the rights and choices available to our visitors and users regarding such information.
We strongly urge you to read this policy and make sure you fully understand it, before you access or use any of our services.
This privacy policy covers the use of Mapme Story platform and the Mapme website.
Information collected?
Our goal is to collect as little information as possible i.e. we only collect information that is absolutely necessary to provide our service.
We created a table to provide a simple view of the information we collect, why we collect it, and how.
We have 3 groups of users
Users’ users:
people who view the maps either embedded on a website, on social media, or through a direct URL to the map.
Website visitors:
people who visit our website to learn about the Mapme service
Users:
people who create a Mapme account in order to build an interactive map using the Mapme service
We collect 2 types of information
Personal Information
which could be used to uniquely identify an individual.
Non-personal Information
which is non-identifying.
Our Users’ users
What
Why
How
Personal Information
NONE
Non-personal Information
Aggregated Traffic data
Optimize our platform
Google Analytics
Website Visitors
What
Why
How
Personal Information
Contact info proactively provided
Answer inquiries, Product Updates & Marketing
Gmail for Business, Intercom
Non-personal Information
Traffic data
Optimize our Website
Google Analytics
Users
What
Why
How
Personal Information
Name, email, credit card info
Login , product updates & marketing, billing info
Mapme platform
Stripe
Non-personal Information
Traffic data & Anonymous session recordings
Optimize our platform
Google Analytics
HotJar
About third party service providers
Google Analytics: IP addresses are anonymized. No Personal Information is processed or stored
Hotjar: keystrokes are not being recorded. No Personal Information is processed or/and stored.
Gmail for Business, Stripe, Intercom: Personal Information processed or/and stored in accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU-GDPR)
Users content
When creating an interactive map using the Mapme service, you will typically enter and upload information such as addresses, text descriptions, photos, and videos which constitute the “Users Content”.
Mapme will collect and process the “Users content”. For such purposes, Mapme shall be considered as a “Processor” and not as the “Controller” (as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation) of such Users-of-Users Information. The Users shall be considered as the “Controllers” of the “Users Content” and are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations that may apply to the collection and control of such information, including all privacy and data protection laws of all relevant jurisdictions.
If you decide to publish the map and share it (social network, website embeds…) this information becomes available to the public.
You can decide at any moment to delete your User Content by using the “Delete” option in the Mapme dashboard. However, even after its deletion, copies of User Content may remain viewable in the online cache and archived pages or if any Users-of-Users have copied or stored such User Content.
So, please do not include information on your map if you don’t want it to become publicly available. You do so at your own risk.
Data Hosting and service providers
‘Mapme Users’ personal Information is maintained, processed, and stored by Mapme and our authorized affiliates in the United States of America using secured cloud storage from Amazon AWS.
Mapme has signed the AWS Data Processing Addendum which gives Mapme customers the assurance that AWS will give customers’ data the same high levels of security, privacy, and data protection that it would receive in the EU.
Law Enforcement, Legal Requests, and Duties
Where permitted by local data protection laws, Mapme may disclose or otherwise allow others access to your Personal Information pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal proceedings, search warrant, or court order, or in compliance with applicable laws, if we have good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you.
Mapme may share your Personal Information with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Mapme, any of our Users, any Users-of-Users, or any member of the general public, with or without notice to you.
We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation, or other corporate reorganization in which Mapme participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all assets of Map Labs ltd. to which this Site relates.
Single Sign-On, Social Media Features, and Framed Pages
Our Services include Social Media features such as “Social sharing” and single sign-on features, such as “Facebook Connect”. The use of those features may collect information such as your IP address and may set a cookie to enable them to function properly. Your interactions with these third parties features are governed by their policies and not ours.
In addition, our users may integrate Third Party Services or other parties’ content via page framing techniques (iframes) for example using the “Integrated Media” feature. The use of those features may also collect information such as your IP address and may set a cookie to enable them to function properly. Please be aware that if you choose to interact or share any Personal Information via such Frames, you are in fact providing it to these third parties and not to us, and such interactions and sharing too are governed by such third parties’ policies and not ours.
Communications from Mapme
We may use your Personal Information to send you product updates and offers by e-mail, or direct messages if you are a user login in to the Mapme service.
We will never share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
If you do not wish to receive those messages, you may notify Mapme at any time or follow the “unsubscribe” in the communications you receive.
Mapme may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof. For example, we may send you a notice (through any of the means available to us) if a Mapme service is temporarily suspended for maintenance; reply to your support ticket or e-mail; send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions; forward abuse complaints regarding your Map; or notify you of material changes in our Services.
It is important that you are always able to receive such messages. For this reason, Users are not able to opt out of receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless they are no longer a Mapme Users.
Correction, Updating, and Deleting of your Personally Identifiable Information
You have control over your Personal Information. You can request a copy of, update, delete, or limit the use of the Personal Information you have stored with us. Just send us a request using
our contact form
. We will respond to your request within a timeframe imposed by local laws or a reasonable timeframe.
Some of the information may also be corrected and/ or, updated through your account.
If you are a User and wish to permanently delete your Mapme account, we will erase all of your information from Mapme’s databases. After completing this process, your account and all its data will be removed permanently, and Mapme will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future.
Data Retention
We may continue to retain Personal Information such as for example Invoices and Receipts even after you deactivate your User Account and/or cease to use the Mapme service, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests.
Where your Personal Information is no longer required we will ensure it is securely deleted.
Privacy Policy Updates
Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, Mapme may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Mapme will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at https://Mapme.com so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Mapme encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
Mapme recognizes the privacy interests of children and minors under the age of 18 and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children and minors under the age of 18. Mapme does not target its Services or this Site to children and minors under the age of 18. Mapme does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children and minors under the age of 18.
Cookies
We may use small text files called cookies to improve the overall user experience. Cookies do not permit us to personally identify you. You may opt out through your browser settings or other sources – but please note that this may adversely affect the way you experience our services.
Security
We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Mapme may use encryption, password protection, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. The data that you transmit as part of your use of the Services (“Storage Data”) is in encrypted form and Mapme does not have access to your Storage Data in its unencrypted form.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via
our contact form.
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Datenschutzerklärung
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Rahmenbedingungen für Datenübermittlungen
Wichtige Begriffe
Partner
Aktualisierungen
Google-Datenschutzerklärung
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, vertrauen Sie uns Ihre Daten an. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass dies eine große Verantwortung ist und setzen alles daran, Ihre Daten zu schützen und zu gewährleisten, dass Sie die Kontrolle darüber behalten.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung erfahren Sie, welche Daten von uns erhoben werden, welche Zwecke wir damit verfolgen und wie Sie Ihre Daten aktualisieren, verwalten, exportieren und löschen können.
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union oder des Vereinigten Königreichs auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, finden Sie unten im Abschnitt
Anforderungen in Europa
weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten sowie zur Einhaltung dieser Gesetze durch Google.
Privatsphärecheck
Sie möchten Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern?
Privatsphärecheck machen
Wirksam ab dem 16. September 2024
|
Archivierte Versionen
|
PDF herunterladen
Inhalt
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Wir entwickeln eine Vielzahl von Diensten, die Millionen von Menschen Tag für Tag helfen, die Welt ganz neu zu entdecken und mit ihr zu interagieren. Zu unseren Diensten zählen:
Google-Apps, -Websites und -Geräte, wie die Google-Suche, YouTube und Google Home
Plattformen wie der Chrome-Browser und das Android-Betriebssystem
Produkte, die in Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern integriert sind, wie Werbe- und Analyseprodukte und das eingebettete Google Maps
Sie können unsere Dienste auf vielfältige Weise nutzen, um Ihre Privatsphäre zu verwalten. So haben Sie beispielsweise die Möglichkeit, sich für ein Google-Konto zu registrieren, wenn Sie Inhalte wie E-Mails und Fotos erstellen und verwalten oder relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten möchten. Sie können auch zahlreiche Google-Dienste nutzen, ohne sich anzumelden oder ein Konto zu erstellen, beispielsweise wenn Sie die Google Suche verwenden oder sich YouTube-Videos ansehen. Außerdem ist es möglich, in einem privaten Modus im Web zu surfen, etwa im
Inkognitomodus von Chrome
, sodass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Bei allen unseren Diensten können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern und so festlegen, ob wir manche Arten von Daten erheben und wie wir sie verwenden.
Um Ihnen unsere Datenschutzerklärung möglichst verständlich zu machen, haben wir Beispiele, Videos und Definitionen für
Schlüsselbegriffe
angefügt. Wenn Sie dennoch Fragen dazu haben,
können Sie uns gern kontaktieren
.
Von Google erhobene Daten
Im Folgenden erklären wir Ihnen, welche Arten von Daten wir erheben, während Sie unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir erheben Daten, um allen unseren Nutzern bessere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen – von der Feststellung grundlegender Informationen wie zum Beispiel Ihrer Sprache bis hin zu komplexeren Fragen wie zum Beispiel
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
, den
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
, oder den YouTube-Videos, die Sie interessant finden. Welche Daten Google erhebt und wie diese verwendet werden hängt davon ab, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen verwalten.
Wenn Sie nicht in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, speichern wir die von uns erhobenen Daten mit
eindeutigen Kennungen
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem
Gerät
verknüpft sind, welche Sie verwenden. Auf diese Weise können wir verschiedene Dinge tun, wie beispielsweise Ihre Einstellungen über Browsersitzungen hinweg beibehalten, zum Beispiel Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder ob Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse oder Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Aktivitäten sehen möchten.
Wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, erheben wir auch Daten, die wir in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern und als
personenbezogene Daten
erachten.
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste bereitstellen
Wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen, stellen Sie uns
personenbezogene Daten
zur Verfügung, darunter Ihren Namen und ein Passwort. Sie können Ihrem Konto auch eine
Telefonnummer
oder
Zahlungsinformationen
hinzufügen. Selbst wenn Sie nicht bei einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie uns Daten zur Verfügung stellen, etwa eine E-Mail-Adresse, um mit Google zu kommunizieren oder Benachrichtigungen zu unseren Diensten zu erhalten.
Wir erheben auch die Inhalte, die Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erstellen, hochladen oder von anderen erhalten. Dazu gehören beispielsweise E-Mails, die Sie verfassen und empfangen, Fotos und Videos, die Sie speichern, Dokumente und Tabellen, die Sie erstellen, und Kommentare, die Sie zu YouTube-Videos schreiben.
Daten, die wir bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erheben
Ihre Apps, Browser und Geräte
Wir erheben Daten über die Apps, Browser und
Geräte
, die Sie beim Zugriff auf Google-Dienste verwenden. Das hilft uns, Funktionen wie automatische Produktupdates anzubieten oder Ihren Bildschirm zu dimmen, wenn Ihr Akku schwach ist.
Zu den von uns erhobenen Daten zählen
eindeutige Kennungen
, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Browsers, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Geräts, das Betriebssystem, Informationen zum Mobilfunknetz wie der Name des Mobilfunkanbieters und die Telefonnummer sowie die Versionsnummer der App. Wir erheben auch Daten über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten. Hierzu zählen u. a. die
IP-Adresse
, Absturzberichte, Systemaktivitäten sowie das Datum, die Uhrzeit und die Verweis-URL Ihrer Anfrage.
Wir erheben diese Daten, wenn ein Google-Dienst auf Ihrem Gerät unsere Server kontaktiert, beispielsweise wenn Sie eine App vom Play Store installieren oder wenn ein Dienst automatische Updates abfragt. Wenn Sie ein
Android-Gerät mit Google Apps
verwenden, kontaktiert Ihr Gerät regelmäßig die Google-Server, um Daten über Ihr Gerät und die Verbindung zu unseren Diensten bereitzustellen. Zu diesen Daten zählen beispielsweise
der Typ Ihres Geräts und der Name Ihres Mobilfunkanbieters
, Absturzberichte, die von Ihnen installierten Apps und, abhängig von den Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät,
weitere Informationen dazu, wie Sie Ihr Android-Gerät verwenden
.
Ihre Aktivitäten
Wir erheben in unseren Diensten Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten. Diese Daten verwenden wir beispielsweise, um Ihnen ein YouTube-Video zu empfehlen, das Ihnen gefallen könnte. Unter anderem könnten folgende Aktivitätsdaten erhoben werden:
Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen
Videos, die Sie sich ansehen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Kaufaktivitäten
Personen, mit denen Sie kommunizieren oder Inhalte austauschen
Aktivitäten auf Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Der Chrome-Browserverlauf, den Sie
mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisiert
haben
Wenn Sie unsere
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
, erheben wir möglicherweise Anruf- und Nachrichteninformationen wie Ihre Telefonnummer, die Anrufernummer, die Nummer des Angerufenen, Weiterleitungsnummern, die E-Mail-Adressen von Sender und Empfänger, das Datum und die Uhrzeit von Anrufen und Nachrichten, die Dauer von Anrufen, Routing-Informationen und die Art und Anzahl von Anrufen und Nachrichten.
Die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Aktivitätsdaten können Sie sich in Ihrem Google-Konto ansehen und sie dort auch verwalten.
Zum Google-Konto
Ihre Standortdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Standortinformationen. Dadurch können wir Ihnen Funktionen wie Wegbeschreibungen, Suchergebnisse für Dinge in Ihrer Nähe und Werbung auf Grundlage Ihres Standorts anbieten.
Je nachdem, welche Produkte Sie nutzen und welche Einstellungen Sie auswählen, kann Google verschiedene Arten von Standortinformationen verwenden, um bestimmte Dienste und Produkte hilfreicher zu gestalten. Dazu gehören unter anderem:
GPS- und andere
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
IP-Adresse
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
, zum Beispiel von Ihren Suchanfragen oder
Orte, die Sie mit einem Label versehen, etwa Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
, wie etwa WLAN-Zugriffspunkte, Funkmasten und Bluetooth-fähige Geräte
Die durch uns erhobenen Arten von Standortdaten und wie lange wir diese speichern hängen zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab. Zum Beispiel können Sie mit der App „Einstellungen“ auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
die Standorterfassung Ihres Geräts aktivieren oder deaktivieren
. Wenn Sie eine private Karte mit Orten erstellen möchten, die Sie mit Ihren angemeldeten Geräten besuchen, können Sie auch den
Standortverlauf
aktivieren. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und anderen Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten, die möglicherwiese ebenfalls Standortinformationen enthalten, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden,
finden Sie hier
.
In manchen Fällen erhebt Google auch Daten über Sie aus
öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Unter Umständen erhalten wir auch Daten über Sie von vertrauenswürdigen Partnern. Dazu zählen Verzeichnisdienste, die uns in Google-Diensten anzuzeigende Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, Marketingpartner, die uns Daten über potenzielle Kunden unserer Geschäftsdienste bereitstellen, und Sicherheitspartner, die uns Daten liefern, mit denen wir uns
vor Missbrauch schützen
können. Wir erhalten auch Daten von
Partnern, damit wir in deren Auftrag Werbung und Recherchedienste zur Verfügung stellen können
.
Zum Erheben und Speichern von Daten verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Dazu zählen
Cookies
,
Pixel-Tags
, die lokale Speicherung wie etwa
Browser-Webspeicher
oder
Anwendungsdaten-Caches
, Datenbanken und
Serverprotokolle
.
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Wir verwenden Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen die von uns im Rahmen unserer Dienste erhobenen Daten für folgende Zwecke:
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
. Hierzu zählen beispielsweise die Verarbeitung Ihrer Suchbegriffe, um Suchergebnisse einzublenden, oder das Vorschlagen von Empfängern aus Ihren Kontakten, wenn Sie Inhalte teilen möchten.
Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten,
um zu gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
. Beispielsweise verwenden wir sie zur Überprüfung von Störungen oder zur Beseitigung von Problemen, die Sie uns gemeldet haben. Außerdem nutzen wir Ihre Daten, um
unsere Dienste zu verbessern
. Dazu zählt beispielsweise die Feststellung, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die in unseren Diensten verwendete Rechtschreibprüfung verbessern können.
Entwicklung neuer Dienste
Wir nutzen die im Rahmen unserer bestehenden Dienste erhobenen Daten zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste. Beispielsweise halfen uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten zur Personalisierung unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen die Bereitstellung von Empfehlungen, von personalisierten Inhalten und
von personalisierten Suchergebnissen
. Beispielsweise erhalten Sie im
Sicherheitscheck
Sicherheitstipps, die auf Ihre persönliche Nutzung von Google-Produkten zugeschnitten sind. Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen kann Google Play Daten nutzen, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen zeigen wir Ihnen möglicherweise auch auf Ihre Interessen und Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten bezogene
personalisierte Werbung
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen, kann auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden. In Ihren Einstellungen für Werbung unter
Mein Anzeigen-Center
können Sie festlegen, welche Daten wir zur Auswahl der präsentierten Werbung verwenden.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung, die auf
sensiblen Kategorien
, wie der ethnischen Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexuellen Orientierung oder Gesundheit beruht.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage von Ihren Inhalten aus Google Drive, Gmail oder Google Fotos.
Wir geben Daten, durch die Sie persönlich identifizierbar sind, wie beispielsweise Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, nur dann an Werbetreibende weiter, wenn Sie uns dazu auffordern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Werbung für einen Blumenladen in Ihrer Nähe sehen und die Schaltfläche "Zum Anrufen tippen" auswählen, verbinden wir Ihren Anruf und geben Ihre Telefonnummer möglicherweise an den Blumenladen weiter.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Messung der Leistung
Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden. Beispielsweise analysieren wir Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren. Zusätzlich nutzen wir Daten der Werbeanzeigen, mit denen Sie interagieren, einschließlich Ihrer zugehörigen Aktivitäten in der Google Suche, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen. Dazu nutzen wir verschiedene Tools, wie z. B. Google Analytics. Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps verwenden, bei denen Google Analytics eingesetzt wird, kann ein Google Analytics-Kunde sich dafür entscheiden, es Google zu ermöglichen,
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website oder in dieser App mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites oder in anderen Apps zu verknüpfen
, bei denen ebenfalls unsere Werbedienste genutzt werden.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um uns direkt mit Ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen. So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, wie einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden. Außerdem könnten wir Sie auch über bevorstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste informieren. Und wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung etwaiger Probleme behilflich zu sein.
Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Wir nutzen Daten, um die Verbesserung der
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
unserer Dienste zu unterstützen. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder
der Öffentlichkeit
schaden könnten.
Um Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken zu verarbeiten, verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Wir nutzen automatisierte Systeme, die Ihre Inhalte analysieren, sodass wir Ihnen personalisierte Suchergebnisse, personalisierte Werbung oder andere Funktionen bereitstellen können, die auf Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zugeschnitten sind. Zusätzlich analysieren wir Ihre Inhalte, damit wir
Missbrauch erkennen können
, wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte. Wir verwenden auch
Algorithmen
, um Muster in Daten zu erkennen. Google Übersetzer hilft beispielsweise Personen, über Sprachbarrieren hinweg zu kommunizieren, indem der Dienst geläufige Sprachmuster in Sätzen erkennt, die übersetzt werden sollen.
Unter Umständen werden
die durch uns erhobenen Daten zu den oben beschriebenen Zwecken dienst- und geräteübergreifend verwendet
. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise, je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen, Videos von Gitarrenspielern auf YouTube ansehen, kann eine Werbeanzeige für Gitarrenunterricht auf einer Website ausgeliefert werden, auf der unsere Anzeigenprodukte verwendet werden. Je nach Ihren Kontoeinstellungen könnten
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, um die Dienste von Google und die von Google ausgelieferten Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Wenn andere Nutzer bereits über Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder andere Sie identifizierende Daten verfügen, zeigen wir diesen Nutzern möglicherweise die öffentlich sichtbaren Daten Ihres Google-Kontos an, wie Ihren Namen und Ihr Foto. Damit können andere Personen beispielsweise eine von Ihnen stammende E-Mail identifizieren.
Bevor wir Daten zu anderen als den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken nutzen, bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Sie haben Entscheidungsmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die durch uns erhobenen Daten und ihre Verwendung
In diesem Abschnitt werden die wichtigsten Einstellungen beschrieben, mit denen Sie Ihre Privatsphäre in unseren Diensten verwalten können. Sie können auch den
Privatsphärecheck
verwenden, um wichtige Datenschutzeinstellungen zu überprüfen und anzupassen. Zusätzlich zu diesen Tools bieten wir auch spezifische Datenschutzeinstellungen in unseren Produkten. Mehr dazu erfahren Sie in unserem
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
.
Zum Privatsphärecheck
Daten verwalten, überprüfen und aktualisieren
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihre Daten jederzeit in den von Ihnen verwendeten Diensten überprüfen und aktualisieren. Beispielsweise ermöglichen Ihnen Fotos und Drive die Verwaltung bestimmter auf Google gespeicherter Inhaltstypen.
Wir stellen Ihnen auch einen Ort zur Verfügung, an dem Sie die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Daten überprüfen und deren Speicherung steuern können. Ihr
Google-Konto
beinhaltet:
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Aktivitätseinstellungen
Hier können Sie festlegen, welche Arten von Aktivitäten in Ihrem Konto gespeichert werden sollen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel den YouTube-Verlauf aktiviert haben, werden die Videos, die Sie sich ansehen, und die Dinge, nach denen Sie suchen, in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, damit Sie bessere Empfehlungen erhalten und Videos an der zuletzt angesehenen Stelle fortsetzen können. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. So können Dienste persönlicher für Sie gestaltet werden, damit Sie unter anderem schneller Suchergebnisse und nützlichere Empfehlungen zu Apps und Inhalten erhalten. „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ hat auch eine Untereinstellung, mit der Sie festlegen können, ob
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites, in anderen Apps und auf Geräten, die Google-Dienste nutzen
, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert und zur Verbesserung von Google-Diensten verwendet werden. Zu diesen Informationen gehört beispielsweise, welche Apps Sie auf Android installieren und verwenden.
Aktivitätseinstellungen aufrufen
Einstellungen für Werbung
Hier können Sie Ihre Einstellungen zu Werbeanzeigen verwalten, die auf Google sowie auf Websites und in Apps im Rahmen einer
Partnerschaft mit Google
von Google ausgeliefert werden. Sie können Ihre Interessen verändern, auswählen, ob Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden sollen, um sich relevantere Werbung präsentieren zu lassen, und bestimmte Werbedienste aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Über mich
Personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto verwalten und festlegen, wer sie in Google-Diensten sehen kann.
Zu "Über mich"
Soziale Empfehlungen
Hier können Sie auswählen, ob Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihren Aktivitäten wie Rezensionen und Empfehlungen in Werbeanzeigen erscheinen sollen.
Zu "Soziale Empfehlungen"
Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste genutzt werden
Daten von Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste wie Google Analytics genutzt werden, verwalten, die eventuell an Google weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie ihre Dienste aufrufen oder damit interagieren.
Zu Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Möglichkeiten zur Überprüfung und Aktualisierung Ihrer Daten
Meine Aktivitäten
In „Meine Aktivitäten“ können Sie überprüfen und festlegen, welche Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert werden, wenn Sie angemeldet sind und Google-Dienste verwenden, zum Beispiel Ihre Suchanfragen oder Nutzung von Google Play. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Ihre Aktivitäten teilweise oder vollständig löschen.
Zu "Meine Aktivitäten"
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard ermöglicht Ihnen die Verwaltung von Daten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Zu Google Dashboard
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Hier können Sie Ihre Kontaktdaten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Telefonnummer verwalten.
Zu den personenbezogenen Daten
Wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit Ihrem Browser oder Gerät verknüpft sind, z. B.:
Personalisierte Suche:
Hier können Sie auswählen
, ob Ihnen anhand Ihrer Suchaktivitäten relevantere Ergebnisse und Empfehlungen bereitgestellt werden sollen.
YouTube-Einstellungen: Hier können Sie Ihren
YouTube-Suchverlauf
und Ihren
YouTube-Wiedergabeverlauf
pausieren und löschen.
Einstellungen für Werbung: Hier können Sie
Ihre Einstellungen für Werbeanzeigen verwalten
, die Ihnen auf Google und Websites sowie in Apps von Google-Anzeigenpartnern präsentiert werden.
Daten exportieren, entfernen und löschen
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Sie können über den
Kontoinaktivität-Manager
auch einer anderen Person Zugriff zu Teilen Ihres Google-Kontos gewähren, falls Sie unerwarteterweise nicht in der Lage sind, Ihr Konto zu verwenden.
Und schließlich können Sie auch basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht und unseren Richtlinien eine
Anfrage zum Entfernen von Inhalten
aus bestimmten Google-Diensten stellen.
Es gibt auch andere Möglichkeiten festzulegen, welche Daten von Google erhoben werden dürfen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind oder nicht. Hierzu zählen:
Browsereinstellungen: Ihr Browser lässt sich beispielsweise so konfigurieren, dass angezeigt wird, wenn von Google ein
Cookie
in Ihrem Browser gesetzt wurde. Ihr Browser lässt sich auch so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies von einer bestimmten Domain oder allen Domains blockiert werden. Beachten Sie aber, dass Cookies erforderlich sind,
damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
und etwa Ihre Spracheinstellungen gespeichert werden können.
Geräteeinstellungen: Ihr Gerät verfügt möglicherweise über Steuerelemente, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten wir erheben. So können Sie beispielsweise auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
Standorteinstellungen anpassen
.
Datenweitergabe
Datenweitergabe durch Sie
In vielen unserer Dienste können Sie Daten mit anderen Personen teilen. Sie bestimmen in diesem Fall, wie dabei vorgegangen werden soll. Beispielsweise können Sie entscheiden, welche Ihrer Videos auf YouTube öffentlich geteilt werden und welche vertraulich bleiben sollen. Bedenken Sie, dass, wenn Sie Daten öffentlich teilen, Suchmaschinen, einschließlich der Google-Suche, möglicherweise auf diese Daten zugreifen können.
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind und mit Google-Diensten interagieren, z. B. wenn Sie Kommentare zu einem YouTube-Video verfassen oder eine App bei Play rezensieren, werden Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihrer Aktivität angezeigt. Diese Daten werden wir gegebenenfalls
entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen für "Soziale Empfehlungen"
auch in Werbeanzeigen veröffentlichen.
Datenweitergabe durch Google
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Unternehmen, Organisationen oder Personen außerhalb von Google nur in folgenden Fällen weiter:
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wenn Sie beispielsweise
Google Home verwenden, um eine Tischreservierung vorzunehmen
, holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir dem Restaurant Ihren Namen oder Ihre Telefonnummer weitergeben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Steuerungsmöglichkeiten, damit Sie
Drittanbieter-Apps und -Websites einsehen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben. Vor der Weitergabe von
sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten
holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung ein.
Im Falle von Domain-Administratoren
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Bildungseinrichtung oder Mitarbeiter einer Organisation sind, die Google-Dienste nutzt, haben der
Domainadministrator
und Reseller, die Ihr Konto verwalten, Zugriff auf Ihr Google-Konto. Diese haben folgende Möglichkeiten:
Auf die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Daten zugreifen und diese speichern, z. B. Ihre E-Mail
Statistiken zu Ihrem Konto ansehen, z. B. wie viele Apps Sie installieren
Das Passwort für Ihr Konto ändern
Den Zugriff auf Ihr Konto sperren oder beenden
Ihre Kontodaten abrufen, um anwendbare Gesetze, Vorschriften und gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
Ihre Möglichkeiten einschränken, Daten oder Datenschutzeinstellungen zu löschen oder zu bearbeiten
Für die Verarbeitung durch andere Stellen
Wir stellen personenbezogene Daten unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
, anderen vertrauenswürdigen Unternehmen oder Personen zur Verfügung, die diese in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten. Dies geschieht auf der Grundlage unserer Weisungen und im Einklang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung sowie anderen geeigneten Vertraulichkeits- und Sicherheitsmaßnahmen. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Dienstanbieter zur Unterstützung beim Betrieb unserer Rechenzentren, Bereitstellen unserer Produkte und Dienste, Verbessern unserer internen Geschäftsprozesse und Anbieten zusätzlichen Supports für unsere Kunden und Nutzer. Außerdem arbeiten wir mit Dienstanbietern zusammen, die uns beim Prüfen von Videoinhalten auf YouTube aus Gründen der öffentlichen Sicherheit unterstützen und uns durch das Analysieren und Anhören von Beispielausschnitten gespeicherter Audioaufnahmen von Nutzern helfen, die Audioerkennungstechnologien von Google zu verbessern.
Aus rechtlichen Gründen
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Stellen außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen dürfen, dass die Offenlegung dieser Daten vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um folgende Zwecke zu erfüllen:
Geltende Gesetze, Vorschriften oder
gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
. In unserem
Transparenzbericht
veröffentlichen wir Daten über die Anzahl und die Art der Anfragen, die wir von Behörden erhalten.
Geltende Nutzungsbedingungen durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verstöße.
Betrug, Sicherheitsmängel oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern oder anderweitig zu bekämpfen.
Die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Google,
unserer Nutzer
oder der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden zu schützen.
Wir geben möglicherweise
nicht personenbezogene Daten
an die Öffentlichkeit und unsere Partner, beispielsweise an Publisher, Werbetreibende, Entwickler oder Rechteinhaber, weiter. Beispielsweise veröffentlichen wir Daten,
um Trends bezüglich der allgemeinen Nutzung unserer Dienste aufzuzeigen
. Darüber hinaus erlauben wir
bestimmten Partnern
, Daten von Ihrem Browser oder Gerät unter Verwendung ihrer eigenen Cookies oder ähnlicher Technologien zu Werbe- und Messzwecken zu erheben.
Falls Google an einem Unternehmenszusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögensgegenständen beteiligt ist, werden wir weiterhin dafür sorgen, die Vertraulichkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sicherzustellen. Zusätzlich werden wir betroffene Nutzer benachrichtigen, bevor personenbezogene Daten übermittelt oder Gegenstand einer anderen Datenschutzerklärung werden.
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Wir integrieren Sicherheitsfunktionen in unsere Dienste, um Ihre Daten zu schützen
Alle Google-Produkte sind mit starken Sicherheitsfunktionen ausgestattet, die Ihre Daten fortwährend schützen. Die Erkenntnisse, die wir durch die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste gewinnen, helfen uns, Bedrohungen der Sicherheit automatisch abzufangen und zu verhindern, dass Sie mit solchen konfrontiert werden. Wenn wir tatsächlich ein Risiko erkennen, von dem Sie unserer Meinung nach erfahren sollten, benachrichtigen wir Sie und schlagen Ihnen Maßnahmen vor, um sich besser zu schützen.
Wir bemühen uns intensiv darum, Sie und Google vor unbefugtem Zugriff auf Daten oder vor unbefugter Veränderung, Offenlegung oder Vernichtung von Daten zu schützen. Unsere Maßnahmen umfassen Folgendes:
Wir verschlüsseln Ihre Daten, um sie während der Übertragung zu schützen.
Wir bieten eine Vielzahl von Sicherheitsfunktionen, wie
Safe Browsing
, Sicherheitscheck und die
Bestätigung in zwei Schritten
, um Ihnen zu helfen, Ihr Konto zu schützen.
Wir überprüfen laufend unsere Praktiken zur Erhebung, Speicherung und Verarbeitung von Daten, einschließlich der physischen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um unsere Systeme vor unbefugtem Zugriff zu schützen.
Der Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten wird durch uns beschränkt und nur Mitarbeitern, Auftragnehmern und Kundenservicemitarbeitern von Google gewährt, die diese Daten für die weitere Datenverarbeitung unbedingt benötigen. Alle Personen mit diesen Zugriffsrechten sind strengen Vertraulichkeitsverpflichtungen unterworfen und können disziplinarischen Maßnahmen unterzogen oder entlassen werden, falls sie diese Verpflichtungen nicht einhalten.
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Sie können Ihre Daten jederzeit exportieren oder aus Ihrem Google-Konto löschen.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Wir speichern erhobene Daten über verschiedene Zeiträume, abhängig davon, um welche Daten es sich handelt, wie wir sie nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen konfigurieren:
Einige Daten können Sie jederzeit löschen, beispielsweise Ihre
personenbezogenen Daten
oder selbst erstellte oder hochgeladene Inhalte, wie
Fotos
und
Dokumente
. Darüber hinaus können Sie in Ihrem Konto gespeicherte
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten
löschen oder
festlegen, dass diese nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht werden
. Wir speichern diese Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto, bis Sie sie entweder selbst entfernen oder entfernen lassen.
Andere Daten werden nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht oder anonymisiert, etwa
Werbedaten
in Serverprotokollen.
Einige Daten, etwa dazu, wie oft Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, speichern wir, bis Sie Ihr Google-Konto löschen.
Einige Daten speichern wir für längere Zeit, wenn dies aus legitimen geschäftlichen oder rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Diese Gründe können Sicherheit, Betrugs- und Missbrauchsabwehr oder eine Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich sein.
Wenn Sie Daten löschen, beginnen wir mit einem Datenlöschvorgang, um dafür zu sorgen, dass die Daten sicher und vollständig von unseren Servern entfernt werden oder nur in anonymisierter Form gespeichert bleiben. Wir bemühen uns, Daten mithilfe unserer Dienste davor zu schützen, irrtümlich oder mutwillig gelöscht zu werden. Aus diesem Grund kann es zwischen der von Ihnen durchgeführten Löschung von Inhalten und dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem Kopien aus unseren aktiven Systemen und Sicherungssystemen gelöscht werden, zu Verzögerungen kommen.
Weitere Informationen zur Dauer der Datenspeicherung bei Google und Angaben dazu, wie lange es dauert, bis wir Ihre Informationen löschen,
finden Sie hier
.
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Wir überprüfen die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig und verarbeiten Ihre Daten entsprechend dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenübermittlung
Wir betreiben
Server auf der ganzen Welt
. Deshalb können Ihre Daten auf Servern verarbeitet werden, die außerhalb des Landes liegen, in dem Sie leben. Datenschutzgesetze sind von Land zu Land unterschiedlich und einige bieten mehr Schutz als andere. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre Daten verarbeitet werden, wenden wir grundsätzlich dieselben, in der Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Schutzmaßnahmen an. Ferner halten wir bestimmte
rechtliche Rahmenbedingungen
zu Datenübermittlungen ein.
Sobald wir formale schriftliche Beschwerden erhalten, nehmen wir mit der Person, die die Beschwerde eingereicht hat, Kontakt auf. Wir arbeiten mit den jeweils zuständigen Regulierungsbehörden einschließlich der lokalen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörden zusammen, um alle Beschwerden bezüglich der Übermittlung Ihrer Daten beizulegen, die wir nicht direkt mit Ihnen klären können.
Anforderungen in Europa
So können Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben und Google kontaktieren
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des Vereinigten Königreichs (UK) auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, stellen wir Ihnen die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Steuerungsmöglichkeiten
zur Verfügung, damit Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben können, Auskunft über Ihre Daten zu erhalten, sie zu aktualisieren, zu
löschen
und deren Verarbeitung einzuschränken. Darüber hinaus haben Sie das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu widersprechen oder Ihre Daten in einen anderen Dienst zu exportieren.
Bei weiteren Fragen oder Anliegen hinsichtlich Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich
an Google und an unsere Datenschutzabteilung wenden
. Falls Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihrer Rechte gemäß lokalem geltenden Recht haben, können Sie sich außerdem an Ihre lokale Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde wenden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
hängt von Ihrem gewöhnlichen Aufenthaltsort ab, sofern dies in den Datenschutzhinweisen eines bestimmten Dienstes nicht anders angegeben ist:
Google Ireland Limited, mit Sitz in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder der Schweiz haben.
Google LLC, mit Sitz in 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Vereinigten Königreich haben.
Google LLC ist unabhängig von Ihrem Wohnort der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, die in Diensten wie der
Google Suche
und Google Maps indexiert und angezeigt werden. Google Ireland Limited ist der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, mit denen Google AI-Modelle trainiert werden, um sie in Diensten einzusetzen, die Google Ireland Limited im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz bereitstellt.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Zwecken
auf der Basis der folgenden rechtlichen Grundlagen:
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, um Ihnen einen Dienst bereitzustellen, den Sie im Rahmen eines Vertrags angefordert haben.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, soweit wir oder
Dritte
ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben, dies zu tun. Dabei wenden wir
geeignete Maßnahmen
zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre an.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer lebenswichtige Interessen oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn wir dazu eine rechtliche Verpflichtung haben.
Wir bitten Sie um Ihre Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten für bestimmte Zwecke. Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen sowie die Art, wie Sie Google-Dienste verwenden, bestimmen, welche Daten verarbeitet werden, zu welchem Zweck dies geschieht und was die Rechtsgrundlagen dafür sind. In der folgenden Tabelle werden diese Verarbeitungszwecke, die Arten der verarbeiteten Daten sowie die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung ausführlicher erläutert.
Warum und wie wir Daten verarbeiten
Welche Daten wir verarbeiten
Rechtliche Gründe
Bereitstellung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir verarbeiten die Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen, um Ihnen entsprechende Suchergebnisse anzuzeigen.
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, um Ihnen die angeforderten Daten senden zu können, beispielsweise ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, verwenden wir Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen – beispielsweise für die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für das Produkt oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, wenn Sie zusätzlichen Speicherplatz für Google Drive kaufen.
Wir können Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen verwenden, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren. So können wir Ihnen helfen, diese Personen zu finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Eine E‑Mail mit einer Flugbestätigung kann verwendet werden, um eine Check‑in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Google erhebt auch Daten über Sie aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Oder wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Wir können Ihnen helfen, Ihren Standort mithilfe der
Google-Standortfreigabe
zu teilen. So können andere Sie auf einer Karte finden oder Ihre voraussichtliche Ankunftszeit abschätzen.
Wie im Abschnitt
Datenweitergabe
beschrieben, geben wir personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Einstellungen, mit denen Sie
Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern überprüfen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise durch das Bereitstellen eines YouTube-Videos oder durch die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung, wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder physische Waren von uns kaufen.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispiel: Verwendung von Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren, damit Sie diese Personen leichter finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Ihre
Einwilligung
, z. B. wenn Sie Ihren Standort über die Google-Standortfreigabe teilen.
Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Aufrechterhaltung des Dienstes, damit er wie vorgesehen funktioniert, z. B. durch Fehlerbehebung sowie Nachverfolgung und Behebung von Problemen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir überprüfen fortlaufend die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Dienste, um Probleme zu erkennen. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erhobenen Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beheben.
Wir erfassen die Interaktionen von Nutzern mit Schaltflächen in Anwendungen wie Google Maps und der Google Suche, um festzustellen, ob sie wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Verbesserung der Google-Dienste sowie der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit dieser Dienste, z. B. durch Erkennung, Verhinderung und Reaktion von bzw. auf Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technische Probleme, die den Dienst oder Nutzer beeinträchtigen könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten zu Ihren Interaktionen mit unseren Diensten, damit wir die Produkte weiter optimieren können. So können wir beispielsweise besser feststellen, wenn Nutzer zu lange brauchen, um eine bestimmte Aufgabe auszuführen, oder manche Schritte überhaupt nicht beenden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
Wir analysieren, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Wir analysieren die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Wir analysieren Suchanfragen bei Google Shopping, um festzustellen, welche Produkte, Händler und Marken für verschiedene Arten von Suchanfragen relevant sind.
Die Safe Browsing-Funktion von Google Chrome kann Informationen zu verdächtigen Websites zwischen dem Browser eines Nutzers und Google-Servern teilen und dadurch z. B. zum Schutz vor Phishing, Malware und schädlicher Werbung beitragen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise bei der Verwendung der Interaktionsprotokolle von Google-Apps, um sicherzustellen, dass diese wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Durchführung von Recherchen, mit denen unsere Dienste für unsere Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Beispielsweise arbeiten wir daran, die Übersetzungsqualität von Google Übersetzer zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Entwicklung neuer Google-Dienste, ‑Produkte und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Nutzer Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, halfen uns bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie kurze Inhalte von Creatorn erstellt und von Nutzern angesehen werden, halfen Google dabei, neue YouTube-Dienste zu entwickeln.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen können wir Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit Diensten wie der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard speichern, um die Audiotechnologien von Google weiterzuentwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die online oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind, um neue Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und grundlegende Technologien zu entwickeln, die für verschiedene Google-Produkte wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI-Funktionen eingesetzt werden.
Wir nutzen Ihre Interaktionen mit KI-Modellen und ‑Technologien wie Gemini-Apps, um diese Modelle zu entwickeln, zu trainieren, zu optimieren und zu verbessern, damit sie besser auf Ihre Anfragen reagieren. Wir verwenden sie auch, um Klassifikatoren und Filter zu aktualisieren und dadurch z. B. die Sicherheit, das Sprachverständnis und die Genauigkeit zu verbessern.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Beispielsweise haben uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, verwendet haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos geholfen. Oder wir nutzen Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen weiterzuentwickeln, die diese grundlegenden Technologien nutzen – wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten – wie Ihre Interaktionen mit Gemini-Apps – um Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und zu verbessern und um ihr Sprachverständnis sowie ihre Sicherheitsklassifikatoren und -filter zu aktualisieren.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
, beispielsweise das Speichern von Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard, um Technologien zur Audioerkennung von Google zu entwickeln und verbessern.
Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Um unsere Dienste für Sie anzupassen, etwa über Empfehlungen, personalisierte Inhalte und personalisierte Suchergebnisse.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Der Sicherheitscheck von Google bietet Ihnen Sicherheitstipps, die an Ihre Nutzung von Google-Produkten angepasst sind.
Google News bietet Ihnen möglicherweise lokale Nachrichten, die auf Ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Die Google Suche bietet Ihnen möglicherweise Ergebnisse, die auf ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Google Assistant kann Ihre Kontakte verwenden, um auf Anfrage Nachrichten zu senden, z. B. „SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Google Play nutzt Daten, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Möglicherweise zeigen wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Google kann Werbung basierend auf dem Kontext der von Ihnen besuchten Website anzeigen, beispielsweise Anzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Tipps zum Gärtnern.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert haben, können Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten, die auf Ihren bisherigen Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten basieren.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen, um auf Ihre Interessen bezogene personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wenn Sie nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen oder Videos über Mountainbiken ansehen, kann in Ihren Suchergebnissen oder auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden.
Wenn Sie sich auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, wird Ihnen beim Surfen im Web möglicherweise mehr Werbung zu diesem Thema präsentiert.
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Um einen
Vertrag mit Ihnen auszuführen
, zum Beispiel wenn Google Assistant Ihre Kontakte verwendet, um auf Ihre Anfrage hin eine Nachricht zu senden, wie „Sende eine SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Personalisierung unserer Dienste, um sie nutzerfreundlicher zu gestalten.
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht, Sicherheitstipps passend zu Ihrer Nutzung von Google-Produkten geben oder gegebenenfalls die Nutzung altersgerecht anpassen.
Einblenden von Werbung, um viele unserer Dienste kostenlos anbieten zu können.
Zum Beispiel zeigen wir möglicherweise Werbung, die auf dem Kontext einer besuchten Website basiert, wie Werbeanzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Gartentipps. Bei personalisierter Werbung bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
– beispielsweise Empfehlungen bei Google Play basierend auf Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, oder personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Interessen. Zum Beispiel könnte Ihnen Werbung rund um das Thema Backen angezeigt werden, wenn Sie im Web surfen, nachdem Sie auf YouTube Videos über Backen angesehen haben.
Zur Leistungsmessung – Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren.
Wir nutzen Daten zu der Werbung, mit der Sie interagieren, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen.
Wir verwenden Daten darüber, welche Orte Nutzer in Google Earth am häufigsten anklicken, um zu erfahren, welche Funktionen beliebt sind, und um Fehler zu identifizieren.
Die Google Suche erhebt, wie oft eine bestimmte Anfrage gestellt wurde und wie Nutzer die Qualität ihrer Suchergebnisse wahrnehmen, um die Google Suche noch hilfreicher zu gestalten.
Google Übersetzer analysiert Daten über die Anzahl der angefertigten Übersetzungen und die Häufigkeit, mit der eine Übersetzung als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln und Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Wir geben möglicherweise nicht personenidentifizierbare Informationen an unsere Partner – beispielsweise Lizenzgeber von Inhalten – weiter, wenn wir Lizenzgebühren zahlen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Beispielsweise beobachten wir Nutzungsmuster in Google Earth, um Programmfehler zu identifizieren.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie oft eine Übersetzung bei Google Übersetzer als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Zum Beispiel analysieren wir Daten zur Anzahl der in Google Übersetzer angefertigten Übersetzungen, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln.
Einhalten von Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Partnern wie Entwicklern und Rechteinhabern.
Zum Beispiel erstellen wir Berichte für die Lizenzgeber von Inhalten, die mit der Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren einhergehen.
Für die Kommunikation mit Ihnen – Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie etwa Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um direkt mit Ihnen zu interagieren.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, z. B. einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden.
Möglicherweise informieren wir Sie über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen unserer Dienste.
Wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung eventuell auftretender Probleme behilflich sein zu können.
Google-Dienste wie Google Fotos können Ihnen, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, Marketingmitteilungen über Angebote wie beispielsweise Rabattaktionen für Fotodrucke senden.
Google-Dienste wie YouTube Premium und YouTube Music Premium können Sie über anstehende Änderungen Ihres Abonnements informieren.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Zur
Ausführung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise wenn Sie den Google-Support kontaktieren oder sich für Mitteilungen über Produktupdates anmelden.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Wir informieren Sie beispielsweise über unsere Dienste, beispielsweise über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen.
Marketing, um Nutzer über unsere Dienste zu informieren.
Zum Beispiel können wir eine E-Mail an Nutzer von Google Fotos senden, die Informationen zu einer Rabattaktion für Fotodrucke enthält.
Zum Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder der Öffentlichkeit schaden könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir erheben und analysieren IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten, um unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch zu schützen. Dieser Missbrauch kann viele verschiedene Formen annehmen, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbung Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Wir analysieren Ihre Inhalte, um
Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen
.
Wir verarbeiten Informationen zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen, Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Fähigkeit zur Rechenschaftslegung zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Zur Einhaltung geltender Gesetze, Verordnungen sowie Rechtsverfahren oder Befolgung eines vollstreckbaren behördlichen Ersuchens.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde.
Aufgrund rechtlicher Verpflichtungen müssen wir bestimmte Daten speichern, etwa aufgrund einer Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich. Beispielsweise speichern wir aus steuerrechtlichen oder buchhalterischen Gründen Daten zu Zahlungen, die Sie an Google geleistet haben.
Verschiedene Gesetze und Vorschriften verpflichten uns dazu, Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen. Um Ihr Alter zu bestimmen, verarbeiten wir das von Ihnen angegebene Geburtsdatum. Wir verarbeiten auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten, sowohl wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet als auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, und verwenden maschinelles Lernen, um festzustellen, ob Sie wahrscheinlich über 18 Jahre alt sind. In bestimmten Fällen, wenn wir nicht bestätigen können, dass Sie alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, können wir andere Informationen anfordern, um Ihr Alter zu überprüfen, beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis, Ihre Kreditkarte, ein Foto von Ihnen oder Ihre Telefonnummer.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Durchsetzen rechtlicher Forderungen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verletzungen anwendbarer Nutzungsbedingungen.
Wir analysieren beispielsweise Inhalte, um Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Zum Beispiel erheben und analysieren wir IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten zum Schutz vor automatisiertem Missbrauch.
Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums und der Sicherheit von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden, einschließlich der Offenlegung von Informationen gegenüber Behörden.
Beispielsweise reagieren wir auf gerichtliche Verfahren oder vollstreckbare Aufforderungen von staatlichen Stellen und Gerichten zur Offenlegung von Daten, nachdem jede Anfrage sorgfältig geprüft wurde, um sicherzustellen, dass sie den anwendbaren Gesetzen entspricht.
Recherchen, durch die unsere Dienste für Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer
lebenswichtigen Interessen
oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist. Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Daten, um sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern im Internet zu erkennen und zu bekämpfen.
Wenn wir eine
rechtliche Verpflichtung
haben, zum Beispiel zur Aufbewahrung bestimmter Informationen zu Zwecken der Dokumentationspflicht oder zur Verarbeitung und Aufbewahrung von Informationen, um dabei zu helfen sicherzustellen, dass die Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen.
Google-Dienste verknüpfen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, bieten wir Ihnen die Wahl, eine Verknüpfung zwischen bestimmten Google-Diensten beizubehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten und zum Verwalten Ihrer Auswahl finden Sie unter
Informationen zum GDM und zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten
.
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Anwendungsbereich dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für alle Dienste, die von Google LLC und seinen
verbundenen Unternehmen
angeboten werden, einschließlich YouTube, Android und Dienste, die auf Websites Dritter bereitgestellt werden, wie Werbedienste. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für Dienste, für die gesonderte Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten und die die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung nicht beinhalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für
den Umgang mit Daten durch andere Unternehmen und Organisationen, die unsere Dienste bewerben,
Dienste, die von anderen Unternehmen oder Personen angeboten werden, einschließlich von ihnen angebotene Produkte oder Websites, die möglicherweise Google-Dienste beinhalten, für die die Erklärung gilt, sowie Produkte oder Websites, die Ihnen in Suchergebnissen angezeigt werden oder die über einen Link in unseren Diensten erreicht werden können
Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit. Wir werden Ihre Rechte im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht einschränken. Wir geben immer das Veröffentlichungsdatum der letzten Änderungen an und bieten Ihnen Zugriff auf
archivierte Versionen
. Bei wesentlichen Änderungen weisen wir deutlicher auf diese hin. So werden Sie zum Beispiel bei bestimmten Diensten per E-Mail über eine Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung benachrichtigt.
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Google-Dienste
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise bieten zusätzliche Informationen zu manchen Google-Diensten:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini-Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Mit Family Link verwaltete Google-Konten für Kinder unter 13 Jahren (in einigen Ländern gilt ein anderes Mindestalter für Google-Konten)
Family Link-Leitfaden zum Datenschutz für Kinder und Teenager
Erhebung von Sprach- und Audiodaten im Rahmen von Funktionen für Kinder in Google Assistant
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Organisation sind, die Google Workspace oder Google Cloud Platform verwendet, erfahren Sie in den
Datenschutzhinweisen zu Google Cloud
, wie diese Dienste Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen erheben und verarbeiten.
Weitere hilfreiche Ressourcen
Die folgenden Links bieten hilfreiche Ressourcen, um weitere Informationen über unsere Praktiken und Datenschutzeinstellungen zu erhalten.
Ihr Google-Konto
verfügt über zahlreiche Einstellungen, mit denen Sie Ihr Konto verwalten können.
Der
Privatsphärecheck
führt Sie durch die wichtigsten Datenschutzeinstellungen für Ihr Google-Konto.
Im
Google Sicherheitscenter
erhalten Sie Informationen zu unseren integrierten Sicherheitsmaßnahmen und Datenschutzeinstellungen. Außerdem können Sie hier die Tools kennenlernen, mit denen Sie innerhalb Ihrer Familie Grundregeln für die Nutzung digitaler Onlinemedien aufstellen können.
In den
Google-Datenschutzinformationen für Jugendliche
finden Sie Antworten auf einige der uns am häufigsten gestellten Fragen zum Datenschutz
Der Abschnitt
Datenschutz & Nutzungsbedingungen
bietet weitere Hintergrundinformationen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung und zu unseren Nutzungsbedingungen.
Unter
Technologien
finden Sie weitere Informationen zu folgenden Themen:
So verwendet Google Cookies
Die für
Werbung
verwendeten Technologien
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Wichtige Begriffe
Algorithmus
Ein Prozess oder Regelwerk, dem ein Computer beim Ausführen von Problemlösungsverfahren folgt.
Applikationsdaten-Cache
Ein Applikationsdaten-Cache ist ein Datenspeicher auf einem Gerät. Damit kann eine Webanwendung zum Beispiel ohne Internetverbindung ausgeführt oder die Leistung der Anwendung durch schnelleres Laden der Inhalte verbessert werden.
Browser-Webspeicher
Mithilfe des Browser-Webspeichers können Websites Daten in einem Browser auf einem Gerät speichern. Wenn der Speicher als "lokaler Speicher" verwendet wird, können Daten sitzungsübergreifend gespeichert werden. Dadurch sind sie auch nach dem Schließen und erneuten Öffnen des Browsers weiterhin abrufbar. Eine Technologie, die dies ermöglicht, ist HTML 5.
Cookies
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Datei, die eine Zeichenkette enthält, die an Ihren Computer gesendet wird, wenn Sie eine Website aufrufen. Wenn Sie die Website das nächste Mal besuchen, kann diese anhand des Cookies Ihren Browser wiedererkennen. Cookies können Nutzereinstellungen und andere Informationen speichern. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Einige Funktionen oder Dienste einer Website werden ohne Cookies möglicherweise nicht richtig ausgeführt. Lernen Sie mehr darüber,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
und wie Google Daten, einschließlich Cookies, verwendet,
wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner nutzen
Eindeutige IDs
Bei einer eindeutigen ID handelt es sich um eine Zeichenfolge, anhand derer ein Browser, eine App oder ein Gerät eindeutig identifiziert werden kann. Solche IDs haben eine unterschiedliche Verwendungsdauer und unterscheiden sich darin, ob sie durch den Nutzer zurückgesetzt werden können und wie der Nutzer auf sie zugreifen kann.
Eindeutige IDs werden zu verschiedenen Zwecken verwendet, etwa aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Betrugserkennung, zum Synchronisieren von Diensten wie dem E-Mail-Posteingang oder zum Speichern von Einstellungen und Anbieten personalisierter Werbung. In Cookies gespeicherte eindeutige IDs dienen beispielsweise dazu, Websites die Darstellung von Browserinhalten in Ihrer bevorzugten Sprache zu ermöglichen. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Weitere Informationen dazu,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
Auf anderen Plattformen als Browsern werden eindeutige IDs zur Erkennung eines bestimmten Geräts oder einer App auf diesem Gerät verwendet. Eine eindeutige ID wie die Werbe-ID wird beispielsweise verwendet, um Ihnen auf Android-Geräten relevante Werbung anzuzeigen. Dies können Sie in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen
verwalten
. Eindeutige IDs können auch vom Hersteller einem Gerät fest zugewiesen werden. Diese IDs werden gelegentlich auch als "Universally Unique ID" oder kurz "UUID" bezeichnet. Ein Beispiel hierfür ist die IMEI-Nummer eines Smartphones. Anhand dieser eindeutigen ID können wir etwa unseren Dienst an Ihr Gerät anpassen oder Geräteprobleme im Zusammenhang mit unseren Diensten analysieren.
Gerät
Ein Gerät ist ein Computer, mit dessen Hilfe auf Google-Dienste zugegriffen werden kann. Beispielsweise werden Desktop-Computer, Tablets, intelligente Lautsprecher und Smartphones als Geräte bezeichnet.
Google-Konto
Um einige unserer Dienste nutzen zu können, ist es erforderlich, ein
Google-Konto
zu erstellen und einige personenbezogene Daten (typischerweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und ein Passwort) anzugeben. Mithilfe dieser Kontoinformationen ist es möglich, Sie zu authentifizieren, wenn Sie auf Dienste von Google zugreifen, und Ihr Konto vor nicht autorisierten Zugriffen durch andere Nutzer zu schützen. Sie können Ihr Konto jederzeit über die Google-Kontoeinstellungen bearbeiten oder löschen.
IP-Adresse
Jedem Gerät, das mit dem Internet verbunden ist, wird eine Nummer zugewiesen. Diese wird als Internet Protocol(IP)-Adresse bezeichnet. Diese Nummern werden normalerweise in Blöcken zugewiesen, die bestimmten geografischen Gebieten zugeordnet sind. Anhand der IP-Adresse kann oftmals der Ort identifiziert werden, von dem aus sich das Gerät mit dem Internet verbindet.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Nicht-personenbezogene Daten
Das sind Nutzer-Informationen, die erfasst werden, sodass sie nicht länger auf individuell identifizierbare Nutzer verweisen können.
Personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und anhand derer Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können (z. B. Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Zahlungsinformationen), oder sonstige Daten, die von Google mit Informationen dieser Art in Verbindung gebracht werden können, beispielsweise Informationen, die wir mit Ihrem Google-Konto verknüpfen.
Pixel-Tag
Ein Pixel-Tag wird auf einer Website oder innerhalb einer E-Mail-Nachricht platziert, um bestimmte Aktivitäten wie das Aufrufen von Websites oder das Öffnen von E-Mails zu erfassen. Pixel-Tags werden häufig in Kombination mit Cookies eingesetzt.
Sensible personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten wie etwa vertrauliche medizinische Informationen, die Zugehörigkeit zu einer bestimmten ethnischen Gruppe, politische oder religiöse Gesinnungen oder sexuelle Neigungen.
Serverprotokolle
Wie bei den meisten Websites zeichnen unsere Server automatisch Ihre Aufrufe unserer Websites auf. Diese „Serverprotokolle“ enthalten normalerweise Ihre Webanfrage, die IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp, die Browsersprache, das Datum und die Uhrzeit Ihrer Anfrage sowie ein oder mehrere Cookies, die Ihren Browser eindeutig identifizieren können.
Ein typischer Protokolleintrag für die Suche nach dem Begriff "Autos" sieht folgendermaßen aus:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
ist dabei die IP-Adresse, die der Internetanbieter dem Nutzer zuweist. Je nach Dienst kann dem Nutzer jedes Mal, wenn er eine Verbindung mit dem Internet herstellt, eine andere Adresse zugewiesen werden.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
sind das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Suchanfrage.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
ist die angeforderte URL einschließlich Anfrage.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
sind der verwendete Browser und das verwendete Betriebssystem.
740674ce2123a969
ist die eindeutige Cookie-ID, die diesem Computer beim ersten Besuch von Google zugewiesen wird. Hinweis: Cookies können von Nutzern gelöscht werden. Wenn der Nutzer seit dem letzten Aufruf von Google das Cookie vom Computer gelöscht hat, wird ihm beim nächsten Aufruf von Google auf dem entsprechenden Gerät erneut eine solche eindeutige Cookie-ID zugewiesen.
Verbundene Unternehmen
Ein verbundenes Unternehmen ist eine juristische Person, die zur Google-Unternehmensgruppe gehört, einschließlich der folgenden Unternehmen, die Dienstleistungen in der EU anbieten: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp und Google Dialer Inc. Weitere Informationen zu den
Unternehmen, die Geschäftsdienstleistungen in der EU anbieten
Verweis-URL
Eine Verweis-URL (Uniform Resource Locator) ist die Information, die ein Webbrowser in der Regel an eine Ziel-Website übermittelt, wenn Sie auf einen Link zu der betreffenden Website klicken. Die Verweis-URL enthält die URL der letzten Website, die im Browser aufgerufen wurde.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Ähnliche Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer körperlichen oder psychischen Gesundheit
Wenn Sie von uns angebotene Fitnessprodukte und ‐Apps wie Fitbit, die Pixel Watch, Nest oder Google Fit verwenden, erheben wir Daten von Ihnen, z. B. Ihre Größe und Ihr Gewicht. Mithilfe dieser Apps und Geräte sammeln wir außerdem Daten wie Schlafrhythmus, Herzfrequenz, Hauttemperatur, verbrannte Kalorien und zurückgelegte Schritte.
Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Websites und Apps, bei denen Google-Dienste wie Werbung und Analysen integriert sind, geben Daten an uns weiter.
Diese Daten werden unabhängig vom verwendeten Browser oder Browsermodus erhoben. Beispielsweise kann der Inkognitomodus in Chrome zwar dazu beitragen, dass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, bei denen unsere Dienste integriert sind, können dennoch Daten an Google weitergeben, wenn Sie sie öffnen.
Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
zu einigen der Optionen, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie Websites und Apps öffnen oder nutzen, die Google-Dienste verwenden.
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, können Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf Websites, in Apps und in Diensten von Google in den Web- & App-Aktivitäten Ihres Kontos gespeichert werden. Einige Aktivitäten können Informationen über den ungefähren Ort enthalten, an dem Sie sich bei der Nutzung des Google-Dienstes aufgehalten haben. Wenn Sie unter Verwendung eines ungefähren Orts nach etwas suchen, wird dafür ein Gebiet von mindestens drei Quadratkilometern verwendet. Alternativ wird der Ort erweitert, bis der Bereich den Standort von mindestens 1.000 Personen umfasst. So wird Ihre Privatsphäre besser geschützt.
In einigen Fällen werden Orte, an denen Sie in der Vergangenheit gesucht haben, möglicherweise dazu verwendet, einen relevanten Standort für Ihre Suche zu schätzen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Berlin nach Cafés suchen, zeigt Google bei zukünftigen Suchanfragen möglicherweise Ergebnisse für Berlin an.
Unter
Meine Aktivitäten
können Sie Ihre Web- & App-Aktivitäten ansehen und verwalten.
Android-Gerät mit Google-Apps
Android-Geräte mit Google-Apps sind Geräte, die von Google oder einem unserer Partner verkauft werden und umfassen Smartphones, Kameras, Fahrzeuge, Wearables und Fernseher. Diese Geräte nutzen Google Play-Dienste und andere vorinstallierte Apps. Dazu zählen Dienste wie Gmail, Maps, die Kamera- und Telefon-App Ihres Smartphones, die Sprachausgabe, die Tastatureingabe und Sicherheitsfunktionen. Weitere Informationen über Google Play-Dienste
finden Sie hier
.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele dafür, wie wir Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste nutzen:
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, damit Sie die von Ihnen angeforderten Daten laden können, wie etwa ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Weitere Informationen
Eine Flugbestätigung, die Sie per E-Mail erhalten, kann verwendet werden, um eine Check-in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, teilen Sie uns möglicherweise Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen mit. Wir verwenden diese Informationen beispielsweise für die Verarbeitung, die Durchführung und die Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für den Artikel oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Bestimmte Google-Dienste
Beispielsweise können Sie
Ihren Blog
aus Blogger oder
eine Google-Website, die Ihnen gehört
, aus Google Sites löschen. Zusätzlich können Sie
Rezensionen
löschen, die Sie zu Apps, Spielen und anderen Inhalten im Play Store verfasst haben.
Bestimmte Partner
Beispielsweise gestatten wir Creatorn und Werbetreibenden, mit Messunternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten, um mithilfe von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien mehr über die Zielgruppe ihrer YouTube-Videos oder Werbeanzeigen zu erfahren. Ein weiteres Beispiel sind Händler auf unseren Shopping-Seiten, die mithilfe von Cookies ermitteln, wie viele Nutzer ihre Produkteinträge sehen.
Hier erhalten Sie weitere Informationen
zu diesen Partnern und zu deren Verwendung Ihrer Daten.
Cookies – Damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Wir verwenden beispielsweise ein Cookie namens "lbcs", mit dessen Hilfe sich eine große Zahl von Google Docs-Dokumenten in einem einzigen Browser öffnen lässt. Wird dieses Cookie blockiert, kann Google Docs nicht korrekt ausgeführt werden.
Weitere Informationen
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites verknüpfen
Google Analytics nutzt eigene Cookies, also Cookies, die vom Google Analytics-Kunden gesetzt wurden. Bei der Verwendung unserer Systeme können Google Analytics-Kunden und Google über Google Analytics generierte Daten mit Drittanbieter-Cookies verknüpfen, die durch Besuche auf anderen Websites generiert wurden. Beispielsweise könnte ein Werbetreibender seine Google Analytics-Daten dazu verwenden, relevantere Werbung zu erstellen oder seinen Traffic genauer zu analysieren.
Weitere Informationen
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
Das ist das mit Google verbundene Unternehmen, welches für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten und die Einhaltung der anwendbaren Datenschutzgesetze verantwortlich ist.
der Öffentlichkeit
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen sowie Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Rechenschaftspflicht zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
Beispiele für diese Dienste sind:
Google Voice zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Anrufen, Senden von SMS und Verwalten der Mailbox
Google Meet zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen
Gmail zum Senden und Empfangen von E-Mails
Google Chat zum Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Duo zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen und Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Fi für einen Telefontarif
Dritte
Beispielsweise verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, um Rechteinhabern Nutzungsstatistiken bereitzustellen, sie also darüber zu informieren, wie ihre Inhalte in unseren Diensten genutzt wurden. Wir könnten Ihre Daten auch dann verarbeiten, wenn Personen nach Ihrem Namen suchen und wir Suchergebnisse von Websites anzeigen, die öffentlich verfügbare Daten über Sie enthalten.
für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Beispielsweise können wir Daten anonymisieren oder verschlüsseln, damit sie mit keinen anderen Daten über Sie verknüpft werden können.
Weitere Informationen
Geräte
Wir können beispielsweise Informationen von Ihren Geräten nutzen, um Ihnen bei der Entscheidung behilflich zu sein, welches Gerät Sie für die Installation einer App oder zum Ansehen eines Films verwenden sollten, die Sie bei Google Play gekauft haben. Diese Informationen verwenden wir außerdem zum Schutz Ihres Kontos.
Gerichtliches Verfahren oder vollstreckbares behördliches Ersuchen
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem
Transparenzbericht
.
Gewährleisten und verbessern
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie Personen mit Werbung interagieren, um die Leistung unserer Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Beispielsweise überprüfen wir fortlaufend, ob unsere Systeme ordnungsgemäß funktionieren, sodass Probleme erkannt werden können. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erfassten Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beseitigen.
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
Diese Aktivitäten könnten durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten entstehen. Beispiele dafür sind die Synchronisierung Ihres Kontos mit Chrome oder Besuche von Websites und Apps von Google-Partnern. Viele Websites und Apps arbeiten bei der Verbesserung ihrer Inhalte und Dienste mit Google zusammen. Beispielsweise können Websites unsere Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwenden oder andere Inhalte wie Videos von YouTube einbetten. Von diesen Produkten können Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten an Google weitergegeben werden. Je nach
Ihren Kontoeinstellungen
und den verwendeten Produkten können diese Daten mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, zum Beispiel, wenn ein Partner Google Analytics in Verbindung mit unseren Werbediensten verwendet.
Weitere Informationen über die Datennutzung durch Google
, wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner verwenden
In deren Namen Werbung und Recherchedienste bereitstellen
Beispielsweise können Händler Daten von ihren Kundenkartenprogrammen hochladen, um Informationen zu diesen Programmen in die Such- oder Shopping-Ergebnisse aufzunehmen oder sich ein besseres Bild von der Leistung ihrer Werbekampagnen zu machen. Wir stellen Werbetreibenden nur zusammengefasste Berichte zur Verfügung, die keine Informationen über einzelne Personen preisgeben.
in unseren Diensten erhobene Daten verwenden
Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen finden Sie im Folgenden Beispiele für die Verwendung der von uns in unseren Diensten erhobenen Daten:
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und eine Suche auf Google durchführen, erscheinen neben Suchergebnissen aus dem öffentlichen Web auch relevante Informationen aus den Inhalten, die in anderen Google-Produkten wie Gmail oder Google Kalender vorhanden sind. Dazu zählen unter anderem der Status Ihrer gebuchten Flüge, Restaurant- und Hotelreservierungen oder Ihre Fotos.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie mit jemandem über Gmail kommuniziert haben und diese Person zu einem Google Docs-Dokument oder einem Termin in Google Kalender hinzufügen möchten, wird die E-Mail-Adresse automatisch vervollständigt, sobald Sie mit der Eingabe des Namens beginnen. Diese Funktion vereinfacht das Teilen von Inhalten mit Freunden und Bekannten.
Weitere Informationen
Die Google App kann Daten nutzen, die Sie in anderen Google-Produkten gespeichert haben, um Ihnen, entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen, personalisierte Inhalte einzublenden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihren Web- & App-Aktivitäten Suchanfragen gespeichert haben, kann Ihnen die Google App Nachrichtenartikel und andere zu Ihren Interessen passende Informationen auf der Basis Ihrer Aktivitäten zeigen, wie z. B. Sportergebnisse.
Wenn Sie Ihr Google-Konto mit Google Home verknüpfen, können Sie über Google Assistant Ihre Daten verwalten und Dinge erledigen. So können Sie beispielsweise Ihrem Google Kalender Termine hinzufügen oder die Terminübersicht für einen bestimmten Tag aufrufen, Statusaktualisierungen zu einem gebuchten Flug abrufen oder Informationen wie Wegbeschreibungen an Ihr Smartphone senden.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, wirken sich Ihre Entscheidungen zum Verknüpfen von Diensten darauf aus, wie bestimmte Google-Dienste die Daten dienstübergreifend verwenden können.
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
Wenn Sie die Standortdienste von Google unter Android nutzen, können wir die Leistung von Apps verbessern, die, wie Google Maps, Standortdaten benötigen. Wenn Sie den Standortdienst von Google nutzen, sendet Ihr Gerät über Sensoren wie den Beschleunigungsmesser, über nahe gelegene Mobilfunkmasten und über WLAN-Zugangspunkte, wie die MAC-Adresse und die Signalstärke, Informationen an Google. Diese Daten ermöglichen eine bessere Bestimmung Ihres Standorts. Den Google-Standortdienst können Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts aktivieren.
Weitere Informationen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten zu Aufrufen und Interaktionen mit Werbeanzeigen, damit wir Werbetreibenden zusammengefasste Berichte bereitstellen können, aus denen hervorgeht, ob wir ihre Werbeanzeige auf einer Seite ausgeliefert haben und ob die Werbeanzeige von einem Nutzer gesehen wurde. Darüber hinaus können auch andere Interaktionen gemessen werden, etwa wie Sie Ihre Maus über eine Werbeanzeige bewegen oder ob Sie mit der Seite interagieren, auf der die Werbeanzeige eingeblendet wird.
löschen
Sie können beispielsweise, wie oben beschrieben, basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht (einschließlich Datenschutzrecht) und unseren Richtlinien das
Entfernen von Inhalten aus bestimmten Google-Diensten beantragen
, einschließlich Inhalten, in denen sich möglicherweise Ihre Daten befinden.
Missbrauch erkennen
Wenn wir auf unseren Systemen Spam, Malware, illegale Inhalte (einschließlich
Darstellungen des sexuellen Missbrauchs und der Ausbeutung von Kindern
) und andere Formen von Missbrauch feststellen, die gegen unsere Richtlinien verstoßen, können wir Ihr Konto deaktivieren oder andere angemessene Maßnahmen ergreifen. Unter bestimmten Umständen melden wir den Verstoß auch den zuständigen Behörden.
Öffentlich zugängliche Quellen
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI weiterzuentwickeln. Wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Orte, denen Sie ein Label hinzufügen, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Sie können wichtige Orte in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihren Arbeitsplatz. Wenn Sie Ihre Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse festlegen, werden damit bestimmte Aktionen einfacher, etwa das Abrufen von Wegbeschreibungen oder Ergebnissen in der Nähe Ihrer Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse. Außerdem sehen Sie relevantere Werbung.
Sie können Ihre Privat- und Arbeitsadresse jederzeit in Ihrem
Google-Konto
bearbeiten oder löschen.
Partnerschaft mit Google
Es gibt mehr als zwei Millionen Partnerwebsites und -apps im Google-Werbenetzwerk.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierte Suchergebnisse
Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und die Einstellungen für Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, erhalten Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse auf der Basis Ihrer früheren Suchaktivitäten und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten.
Weitere Informationen dazu erhalten Sie hier.
Auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie personalisierte Suchergebnisse erhalten. Wenn Sie dieses Maß an Personalisierung bei der Suche nicht wünschen, können Sie
privat suchen und surfen
oder die
personalisierte Suche in abgemeldetem Zustand
deaktivieren.
Personalisierte Werbung
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierung unserer Dienste
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
Wenn Sie zum Beispiel beim Schreiben einer E-Mail eine Adresse in das Feld "Empfänger", "Cc" oder "Bcc" eingeben, schlägt Gmail Ihnen Adressen von Personen vor,
die Sie am häufigsten kontaktieren
.
Sensible Kategorien
Wenn wir Ihnen personalisierte Werbung präsentieren, so basiert diese auf Themen, von denen wir denken, dass Sie aufgrund Ihrer Aktivitäten daran interessiert sein könnten. Beispielsweise könnten wir Werbung für Themen wie "Kochen und Rezepte" oder "Flugreisen" einblenden. Wir verwenden jedoch nicht solche Themen und schalten nicht solche personalisierten Werbeanzeigen, die auf sensiblen Kategorien wie ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexueller Orientierung oder Gesundheit basieren.
Dasselbe verlangen wie auch von unseren Werbetreibenden
, die unsere Dienste nutzen.
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
Ihr Gerät ist möglicherweise mit Sensoren ausgestattet, die zur genaueren Bestimmung Ihres Standorts und Ihrer Bewegungen verwendet werden können. Beispielsweise kann mithilfe eines Beschleunigungsmessers Ihre Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit erfasst werden und mit einem Gyroskop die Richtung festgestellt werden, in die Sie sich bewegen.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Server auf der ganzen Welt
Wir betreiben Rechenzentren
auf der ganzen Welt
, um Nutzern unsere Produkte ununterbrochen zur Verfügung stellen zu können.
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele für die Nutzung Ihrer Daten zur Gewährleistung von Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste:
Durch das Erheben und Analysieren von IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten können wir unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch schützen. Dieser Missbrauch nimmt viele verschiedene Formen an, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbeanzeigen Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Weitere Informationen
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Sie können zum Beispiel entscheiden, ob Sie möchten, dass Google eine Audioaufnahme in Ihrem Google-Konto speichert, wenn Sie mit der Google Suche, Google Assistant und Google Maps interagieren. Wenn Ihr Gerät einen Befehl zur Aktivierung der Sprachsteuerung erkennt, beispielsweise „Hey Google“, zeichnet Google sowohl Ihre Stimme und Audio als auch einige Sekunden vor der Aktivierung auf.
Weitere Informationen
Synchronisation mit Ihrem Google-Konto
Ihr Chrome-Browserverlauf wird nur dann in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, wenn Sie in Chrome die Synchronisierung mit Ihrem Google-Konto aktiviert haben.
Weitere Informationen
Telefonnummer
Wenn Sie Ihrem Konto Ihre Telefonnummer hinzugefügt haben, kann diese abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen in Google-Diensten für unterschiedliche Zwecke verwendet werden. Beispielsweise kann Ihre Telefonnummer dazu genutzt werden, Ihnen zu helfen, wieder auf Ihr Konto zugreifen zu können, wenn Sie Ihr Passwort vergessen haben. Außerdem kann sie anderen Personen helfen, Sie zu finden und mit Ihnen Kontakt aufzunehmen. Schließlich kann sie verwendet werden, um für Sie relevantere Werbung einzublenden.
Weitere Informationen
Trends aufzuzeigen
Wenn viele Nutzer nach etwas Bestimmtem suchen, kann dies Aufschluss über aktuelle Trends geben. Google Trends analysiert Suchanfragen in der Google Websuche, um die Anzahl der Suchanfragen in einem bestimmten Zeitraum zu ermitteln, und veröffentlicht eine Zusammenfassung dieser Ergebnisse.
Weitere Informationen
Unsere Dienste verbessern
Beispielsweise können wir anhand von Cookies analysieren, wie Nutzer mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Analyse kann uns helfen, unsere Produkte zu optimieren. So könnten wir zum Beispiel feststellen, dass Nutzern die Durchführung einer bestimmten Aufgabe zu lange dauert oder dass manche Schritte überhaupt nicht durchgeführt werden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
unserer Nutzer
Beispielsweise gibt Google Daten zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten an Lumen weiter, um Missbrauch zu verhindern und die Transparenz und Rechenschaft in Bezug auf unsere Moderation von Online-Inhalten zu verbessern. Lumen erfasst und analysiert diese Ersuchen, um Forschung zu ermöglichen, mit deren Hilfe Internetnutzer ihre Rechte besser verstehen.
Weitere Informationen
Vor Missbrauch schützen
Beispielsweise können uns Informationen über Sicherheitsbedrohungen helfen, Sie zu informieren, wenn wir denken, dass Unbefugte Zugriff auf Ihr Konto erlangt haben (an diesem Punkt können wir Ihnen helfen, Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihres Kontos zu ergreifen).
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, werden Ihnen beim Surfen im Web unter Umständen mehr Werbeanzeigen zu diesem Thema eingeblendet. Anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse können wir auch Ihren ungefähren Standort ermitteln, damit wir Werbung für Pizza-Lieferservices in der Nähe einblenden können, wenn Sie den Suchbegriff "Pizza" eingeben. Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
über Werbung bei Google
und
warum Ihnen bestimmte Werbeanzeigen präsentiert werden
.
Zahlungsinformationen
Wenn Sie Ihrem Google-Konto eine Kreditkarte oder eine andere Zahlungsmethode hinzufügen, können Sie damit in allen unseren Diensten Artikel einkaufen, wie z. B. Apps im Play Store. Unter Umständen bitten wir Sie um weitere Informationen, wie eine Unternehmenssteuernummer, um Ihre Zahlung verarbeiten zu können. In manchen Fällen müssen wir Ihre Identität überprüfen und könnten Sie dafür nach Informationen fragen.
Wir können Zahlungsinformationen auch verwenden, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie die Altersbeschränkungen einhalten. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein, wenn Sie ein falsches Geburtsdatum angegeben haben, das darauf schließen lässt, dass Sie für ein Google-Konto nicht alt genug sind.
Weitere Informationen
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Hauptmenü
Google-Apps
Sub-policy 7
https://finalytic.io/privacy-policy:
403 Forbidden
openresty
Sub-policy 8
https://www.boost.ai/company/privacy-policy:
By clicking on “Accept” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. You can change your settings by clicking on “Cookie Settings.”
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Boost.ai is excited to announce the launch of Boost Camp 2025 -
Save your seat!
Announcements
Jobs
Academy
Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Last updated: 12th March 2024
1. Introduction
At Boost AI AS (org. no. 917 362 394) and our subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “boost.ai” or “We”), We prioritise the protection of user privacy, security, and confidentiality. This commitment is crucial for upholding trust, adhering to relevant privacy regulations such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) (collectively referred to as "California Privacy Laws"), as well as the UK Data Protection Act of 2018 and UK GDPR, alongside other applicable privacy laws.
If you do not accept the terms of this Policy, you should not use our website, nor engage with boost.ai or any other of the boost.ai services.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy (the “Policy”) is to provide users of boost.ai’s products, services, this website, communication channels, interactions with boost.ai through other mediums, information on how We collect, store, use, disclose and overall process your personal information or personal data as referred to in applicable jurisdictions.
This Policy must be read together with any other legal notices or terms and conditions provided or made available to you on other pages of boost.ai’s services or when you subscribe to boost.ai’s services.
3. Data controller of your personal data
The "data controller" means the entity that will make the decisions about how your data is used, and that is responsible for deciding how it holds personal information about you. In this case, boost.ai will be the data controller of your personal data.
4. What personal data We collect
Boost.ai processes, among others, personal data relating to representatives of its customers, service providers and business partners, potential candidates for vacancies and others who contact boost.ai or visit our webpage. The personal data is retrieved from inter alia your engagement with our website, social media platforms, other communication channels such as email, phone, slack and other mediums.
When interacting with boost.ai, we may collect various types of personal data from you, including your name, email address, business and personal addresses, landline and mobile telephone numbers, information submitted through contact forms, survey responses, IP address, login details, geographic location, job title, employer name, industry sector, preferred areas of law, and details provided in your CV and cover letter when applying for a vacancy. We use this information to provide you with our service(s), improve your experience on our websites, and communicate with you effectively and the other purposes provided below.
5. Purpose of collecting your personal data
We may use your Personal Information for the purposes of, or in connection with inter alia:
Fulfilment of contractual obligations
Management of business relationships
Managing our relationship with you and responding to any request you submit through our website in order to follow-up inquiries from potential candidates for employment, website users, to sign up for webinars, and others who contact boost.ai.
Conducting data analysis including, for example, regarding usage of the website and demographics analyses of website users. Boost.ai uses cookies and other information gathering methods to enhance the user experience and optimise the functions of the boost.ai website, where personal data such as the data subjects’s IP address may be collected. For more detailed information, please read our
Cookie Policy.
Marketing, newsletters etc. If you have signed up for our newsletter and/or marketing content from boost.ai, we may process your name, contact information etc. in order to provide such material to you.
Recruitment and business development. If you apply to a position in boost.ai, we may process your personal data in order to assess your application such as CV, application, certificates, references and other information you may provide or which we need to verify to assess your application.
Providing and documenting training and qualifications.
Applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
Ensure compliance and legitimate interests.
Legal obligations.
Protecting boost.ai’s rights.
Enhance the user experience and optimise the functions of the boost.ai website.
6. Legal basis for processing
In compliance with data protection obligations and specifically the EU GDPR and UK GDPR, we detail in this Policy the legal basis upon which We process your personal data. We rely on one or more of the following lawful grounds when using your personal data for the purposes delineated above:
As provided under Article 6 (1) (a) of the EU GDPR Article 6 of the UK GDPR, boost.ai may process your personal data upon your consent. Such events include where you subscribe to our marketing newsletter, use of boost.ai’s academy etc.
As provided under Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR and Article 6 of the UK GDPR, boost.ai may process your personal data for the purpose of fulfilling its contract with you.
As provided under Article 6 (1) (f) of the EU GDPR and Article 6 of the UK GDPR, the processing is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by boost.ai or a third party (and are not outweighed by your privacy interests).
Boost.ai may use other legal bases established by the EU GDPR or UK GDPR to process your personal data.
7. How long do we retain your personal data
Boost.ai will retain your personal data for the length of time required for the specific purpose or purposes for which it was collected. However, we may be obliged to store some Personal Information for a longer period of time, taking into account factors including:
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes and
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities
For as long as boost.ai processes your personal data, such personal data will be protected in accordance with this Policy.
If you would like to find out how long we keep your Personal Information for a particular purpose you can contact us via the details provided under this Policy.
8. Where is your personal data stored?
The personal data collected as a result of your use of our website may be stored by DigitalOcean, LLC. Your information is stored either in our databases or in the databases of our service providers. Mainly because of the international dimension of boost.ai, and in order to optimise service quality, the information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and UK.
Boost.ai will ensure that such transfers comply with applicable data protection legislation as ensuring that the personal data is subject to appropriate safeguards, by means of entering into standard contractual clauses as defined by the EU Commission and engage adequate additional measures (if required) for such transfers, or ensuring other appropriate safeguards recognized under applicable data protection legislation.
9. Security of your personal data
Boost.ai is committed to protecting your personal data against any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, or unauthorised access by implementing technical and organisational measures and controls. When boost.ai engages third parties, boost.ai takes commercially reasonable measures to ensure that the third parties implement acceptable technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data.
10. Boost.ai suppliers and third-party service providers
Boost.ai may disclose your information to our third-party service providers, agents, subcontractors and other organisations for the purposes of providing services to us or directly to you on our behalf. Such third parties may include cloud service providers (such as hosting and email management) or advertising agencies, software or system providers, administrative services, customer relationship management systems, payment processors, e-learning platforms, customer satisfaction surveys or other third parties who provide services to us and assist us in the operation of our business and website.
Please also note that boost.ai uses specific platforms for handling documentation submitted to us regarding vacant positions, and we prefer that you always submit your inquiry through such a platform made available to you.
Some third party suppliers that boost.ai uses to fulfil the purpose to which personal data was collected for includes; Planhat, Salesforce, Google Workspaces, Slack, Intellum, Hubspot, etc.
11. Your rights
Subject to applicable law and certain exemptions, restrictions, or circumstances, you may have the right:
To access your personal data;
To correct, modify and update your personal data;
To erase your personal data or restrict its processing;
To withdraw your consent;
To object to our use of your personal data;
To ask us to transfer your personal data in a structured data file to you or to another service provider if it's technically possible (data portability); and
To lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority and seek a judicial remedy.
These rights may be exercised by a written request sent to the email address provided under this Policy.
12. Contact information
If you have any questions regarding our processing of personal data or about this Policy, please reach out to boost.ai via email to
privacy@boost.ai
. Please provide as much information as possible to help us identify the information you are requesting, the action you are wanting us to take and why you believe this action should be taken.
Before assessing your request, we may request additional information in order to identify you. If you do not provide the requested information and, as a result we are not in a position to identify you, we may refuse to action your request.
A reply will be provided to you without undue delay, in accordance with the applicable regulations.
13. Changes to this Policy
This Policy is subject to updates and revisions over time. To ensure that you have the latest and most current version, please check the date on this page regularly. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically to stay informed about any changes or updates to boost.ai's practices.
Home
Why boost.ai?
Industries
Financial Services
Insurance
Telecom
Public Sector
Use Cases
Customer Self-Service
Internal Support
Agent Assist
Product
Conversational AI Platform
Chat Automation
Voice Call Automation
Integrations
Generative AI
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Webinars
Guides & Reports
Announcements
Community
Academy
Documentation
Partners
Company
About Us
Careers
Suppliers
Contact
Trust Center
Security
Sustainability
demo
contact us
Sub-policy 9
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Disclosures
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 10
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-17 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 11
https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy/policy:
Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy
/
Privacy notice
Klaviyo Privacy Notice
Updated December 31, 2024
Thank you for your interest in Klaviyo! This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable (“
personal information
”) is collected, used, disclosed, and otherwise processed by Klaviyo in connection with our services.
When we use the terms “
Klaviyo
”, “
Klaviyo Group
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
” in this Privacy Notice, we are referring to Klaviyo, Inc. and its affiliates. When we use the term “
Service
” or
“Services,”
we are referring to all of the services and product offerings that we offer as a controller, our website
https://www.klaviyo.com/
or any other Klaviyo Group product or service that posts or links to this Privacy Notice.
Klaviyo as a Data Controller
: For purposes of data protection laws, Klaviyo is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected through your use of our Service. This Privacy Notice applies only to instances where Klaviyo acts as a data controller.
Klaviyo as a Data Processor
:
In providing our Service, our customers may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about our customers’ end users (“
Customer Data
”). In such instances, Klaviyo acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), and we have contractually committed ourselves to process Customer Data on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the processing of Customer Data and we recommend you read the privacy notice of the respective customer if their processing concerns your personal information.
Table of Contents
How We Collect Your Personal Information
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising
Control Over Your Information
Privacy Rights
Children
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Australia Residents
Additional Disclosures for California Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
EU, Swiss, and UK Representative
Back to top ⬆︎
1. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you interact with us, we are collecting personal information about you. Sometimes we collect personal information automatically when you interact with our Services and sometimes we collect the personal information directly from you. At times, we may collect personal information about you from third parties.
Personal Information You Provide
We may collect the following personal information you provide in connection with our Service:
Account Creation and Profile Information for a Klaviyo Account
. We may collect personal information that you provide when you register for an account (where available). This information includes your email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead.
Contract Data
. If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us, we may collect your name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
Payment and Transaction Information
. If you sign up for one of our Services requiring payment, we collect the information provided in connection with such payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors to process payments made to us. As such, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice. We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Communications
. When you contact us through any method of communications, including through one of our website “Contact Us”, “Chat” or “Support” functions or you request a demo of the Klaviyo platform, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times.
Newsletter, Marketing Emails, and Blog
.
If you sign up to receive news or alerts from us, or subscribe to our blog, we may collect your email and applicable interests and communication preferences.
Klaviyo Academy
. If you sign up for training sessions via the Klaviyo Academy, we ask for your user’s name, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
Klaviyo Community
. If you wish to participate in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and find resources, insights and further support from other used, you may participate in the Klaviyo Community. In this case we may collect the following data: your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Partner
. If you apply to be a Klaviyo partner, we may collect personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions)
. If you fill out any forms or otherwise provide your information to us in connection with Klaviyo events, surveys, or other promotional events (including contests, sweepstakes, webinars, and trainings), as well as when you provide feedback to us, we may collect your contact information (such as your name, email, and phone number), your organization company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit, interact with, or use our Service and emails. Such information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together “
cookies
”). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Services and also allows us to monitor and analyze how you use and interact with our Services so that we can continue to improve our Services. It also helps us and our partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you.
Specifically, we may collect the following information:
Log Data
:  Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data
:  Including the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: Web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  Including your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data
: If you have an account to use the services we offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, initial marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifiers (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, integrations.
For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
We may also obtain personal information from third parties, which we may combine with personal information we collect either automatically or directly from an individual.
We may receive personal information from the following third parties:
Klaviyo Entities
: We may receive personal information from other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group.
Klaviyo
Business and Marketing Partners
. We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. The information we disclose may include your name, phone number, email address, company name and address, opportunity/interest details of your company, and information on whether your company is a current client of our partner.
Social
Media
: When an individual interacts with us through various social media networks, such as when someone “Likes” us on Facebook or follows us or shares our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other social networks through, for example, the social media buttons embedded into our website, we may receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network. Individuals should always review and, if necessary, adjust their privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
Service
Providers
: Our service providers that perform services solely on our behalf, such as chat services, payout processing, and marketing providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us.
Back to top ⬆︎
2.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support);
Communicate with individuals, including via email, text message, social media and/or telephone and video calls;
Review our business performance;
Market and sell our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call,  text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e., WhatsApp);
Send gifts to you;
Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our client-base;
Process payment for our Services;
Conduct market research;
Opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation;
Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems;
Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business;
Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;
Process and deliver contest and sweepstakes entry and awards; and
Comply with legal obligations.
Back to top ⬆︎
3. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Service Providers
:
We share personal information with third party contractors and service providers, that are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting and maintenance services, technology support providers, email and messaging communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers. Any such service providers will be subject to confidentiality provisions, and be bound to only process the data on our behalf and under our instructions, unless such service providers act as their own controllers (e.g., in the case we seek advice from lawyers and tax consultants).
Klaviyo Group
:
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
Business and Marketing Partners
: We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
Advertising Partners
: We may share certain personal information (including information collected through cookies) with our advertising service providers and vendors in order to advertise our Services to you. For more information on how we collect and share this information, please see the
Online Advertising
section of this Privacy Notice.
Corporate Transaction
:
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, change of control or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Legal Obligations and Rights
:
We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
The Public/Other Klaviyo Community users, when you post content on the Klaviyo Community portion of the website
:
Remember, our websites allow you to connect and interact with others. In that case, your personal data may be visible to others as set out above under “Klaviyo Community”.
With Your Consent
: We may disclose personal information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction. For example, with an individual’s consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our website or service-related publications.
Back to top ⬆︎
4. ONLINE ADVERTISING
We may share (or we may permit these parties to collect) personal information with online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services, including information about your use of our Service over time, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on other websites or apps, or on other devices you may use.  Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including hashed data, clickstream information, browser type, time and date you visited the website and other information.  This information is used to display targeted ads on other websites, apps, or services. We or the online advertising networks use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests. We may also display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google, and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our services while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. For more information on our online practices specifically in relation to cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Back to top ⬆︎
5. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Email Communications
. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Messaging Platforms
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via messaging platforms (such as WhatsApp), including to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by replying STOP in one of our messages.
SMS Text Messaging
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via text message, including (with your consent) to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from marketing text messages at any time by replying STOP or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available) in one of our messages. For more information, please see our
Terms of Service
.
Modifying Account Information
. If you have a Klaviyo service account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information and profile picture) through the “Contact Information” tab in the “Account” section in your Klaviyo account. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support in the support portal through your Klaviyo account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
Back to top ⬆︎
6. PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable privacy law and the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
Right of access and portability
. You may have the right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information.
Right to correction
. You may have the right to require us to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to deletion
. You may have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to opt-out
. You may have the right to opt-out of certain processing activities. For example, you may have the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, or the “sale” of your personal information to third parties in certain contexts. You may also have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes. Please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our services to you.
Right to exercise control over sensitive personal information
.
You may have the right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive personal information.
Right to non-retaliation
. You may have the right to be free from retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described above.
To exercise your rights
:
please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a jurisdiction that offers such right(s). In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request. Please note that notwithstanding any exercise of your rights described above by you, we may continue to collect, use, disclose or process your personal information where we are permitted or required to do so by law or requested or ordered to be do so by relevant authorities or law enforcement agencies.
To exercise your right to opt-out
: please submit a request, as follows:
Opt-out of targeted advertising (cookies opt-out), please use our cookie management tool:
Cookie Management Tool
Opt-out of data “sales”, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Unless you have exercised your right to opt-out, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or use your information for all the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including for targeted advertising. The third parties to whom we sell or disclose personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your right to opt-out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems. We may not process your request if we, in good faith, believe that the request is fraudulent. In such instances, we will send a notice to the requestor explaining our decision.
Back to top ⬆︎
7. CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
8. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain integrations or links to third party websites or services, including those of our business partners. By interacting with these third parties, you are providing information directly to the third party and not Klaviyo. Please note that Klaviyo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices and online terms of those third parties to learn more about how they handle your personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by adequately informing you via your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
Back to top ⬆︎
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Back to top ⬆︎
11. REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
This Privacy Notice is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Service, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you:
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS
These additional disclosures for Australian residents (“
Australian Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and applies solely to individuals in Australia (“
you
”).
These Australian Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individuals in Australia, either online or offline, within the Australian
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (“
APPs
”) found in Schedule 1 of the
Privacy Act
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these Australian Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the
Privacy Act
.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Australian Disclosures notice, we mean information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion:
is true or not; and
is recorded in a material form or not.
A. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The various ways in which your personal information is collected are described in Section 1 of our Privacy Notice, We may also collect your personal information if we record any phone calls or video calls (with your permission) between you and Klaviyo.
B. OVERSEAS TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information may be transferred to and stored in locations outside Australia where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located and the United Kingdom.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo to a location outside Australia, we ensure that: (i) personal information is transferred to countries recognized as having an equivalent level of privacy protection to Australia; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as contractual obligations.
C. STORING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
D. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have various rights under the APPs.
Right to access and request
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction of your personal information held by Klaviyo. You can exercise these rights by contacting our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable time. If your request is refused, you will be provided with written reasons for the refusal and information about the mechanisms you can use to complain about the refusal.
Right to complain
You also have a right to make a privacy complaint to our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Our Privacy Officer will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint. Our Privacy Officer will endeavor to complete the investigation into your complaint promptly. You may be asked to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking. Our Privacy Officer will then typically gather relevant facts, locate, and review relevant documents, and speak with individuals involved.
In most cases, our Privacy Officer will investigate and provide a written response to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint. If the matter is more complex or the investigation may take longer, our Privacy Officer will let you know.
If you are not satisfied with Klaviyo’s response to your complaint, a complaint may be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992 or by using the contact details on the website
www.oaic.gov.au
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
These additional disclosures for California residents (“
CA Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California (“
consumers
” or “
you
”).
These CA Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “
CCPA
”)
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this CA Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
A. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described in the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
and
How We Use Your Personal Information
sections of the
Privacy Notice
.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
. In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your first, middle and last name, email address, username, or other similar identifiers;
CA Customer Categories
, such as your name, phone number, and postal address;
Commercial Information
, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered;
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
Geolocation Data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information;
Sensory Information
, such as recordings of any phone calls or video calls (with your permission, as applicable) between you and Klaviyo;
Professional/Employment Information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information and other details contained in your resume;
Inferences
about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites; and
Other Personal Information
, including information you submit into the feedback form and any communications between you and Klaviyo, as well as information we receive from social networking sites.
We collect this information from the following sources: directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our App or use our Services, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us. Please see the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice for more information about the sources of personal information we collect.
B. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with third parties for business purposes. The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service providers and advisors; (iii) analytics providers; (iv) marketing and strategic partners; and (v) social networks.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we collect, explained in the
Collection and Use of Personal Information
section of these CA Disclosures, to third parties for a business purpose, as describe the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
C. SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As further described in the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice, we may “sell” or “share” your personal information (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales or sharing (see
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out
below).
In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out: Identifiers, such as your name and email address, CA Customer Categories, such as your name and phone number, and Commercial Information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or share the personal information include:
Business and Marketing Partners
Online Advertising Networks and Analytics Providers
Social Networks
We may also disclose personal information to third parties at your direction or upon your request, in connection with a corporate business transaction, or to comply with legal or contractual obligations, as described in our Privacy Notice.
D. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information that we have collected about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Access/Know
You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
• The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of sources of the personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
• The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
• The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Correction
You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to certain purposes, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Control Over Automated Decision-Making / Profiling
You have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes.
The Right to Non-Retaliation
You have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
“Shine the Light”
California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law, or the right to opt out of such practices (Civ. Code §1798.83).
E. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Exercise Your Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, and Right to Deletion
To exercise your
Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, or your Right to Deletion
: please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone number, and/or date of last transaction on our Services.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising
Unless you have exercised your
Right to Opt-Out
, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. The third parties to whom we sell or share personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt-Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of personal information “sales,” you may submit a request by clicking the link below:
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences, geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud detection and reporting and may sell or share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. To learn more about how third parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to those activities, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (targeted advertising), you may submit a request by clicking on the following link to be added to our suppression list:
Cookie Settings
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise your California Privacy Rights on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has permission to submit a request on your behalf or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
“Shine the Light” Disclosures
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out of this type of sharing, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Notice of Financial Incentives
In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale, retention, and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i.e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms. We may add or change incentive programs, and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above, so check them regularly.
Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty. We calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Minors
We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please contact us at
privacy@klaviyo.com
to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To opt out of this kind of future sales, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM, AND SWITZERLAND
Klaviyo Group maintains operations in Europe and may direct our services to individuals located in the EEA, UK and Switzerland. In these instances, the following additional disclosures apply to our processing of personal data.
When we use the term “
personal data
” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
CONTROLLERS
Klaviyo, Inc. is the controller of your personal data.
In addition, Klaviyo Ltd and Klaviyo Ireland Limited are jointly responsible to process your personal data for the following reasons: perform our contractual services, as further described below.
A. LEGAL BASES FOR THE PROCESSING
We use your personal data based on the following legal grounds according to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “
EU GDPR
”) or, where applicable, the “
UK GDPR
” as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 GDPR:
Category of Data Subject
Personal Data Processed
Purposes of Processing
Legal Basis for Processing
• Customers, where the customer is a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead
Account creation and profile information for a Klaviyo account
• Performance of a contract
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
• If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us
• Deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support)
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Processing payments for the Services
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times, applicable marketing interests and communication preferences
• Communications with customers and users of Klaviyo.
• Marketing and Sales of our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call, text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e. WhatsApp)
• To send gifts to you
• Conduct marketing research
• Opportunity tracking, conversion, and lead generation
• Legitimate interest to communicate with and market to customers
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your username, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
To facilitate joining and administration of the Klaviyo Academy
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Academy to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Community – to facilitate participation in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and as required to administer the Klaviyo Community.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Community to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
• Participation in the Klaviyo Partner program.
• To process your application to become a Klaviyo Partner and to administer the Klaviyo Partner program.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Partner program to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email, and phone number), your company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions).
• Legitimate interest in communicating with customers and users and administering promotions to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Log Data
: your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data:
the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data:
If you have an account to use the services we may offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, internal marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifies (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, and integrations
• Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our Customer base
• Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business
• Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties
• Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity
• Review our business performance
• Legitimate interest in enhancing and improving the Klaviyo Services
• Consent
• Performance of a Contract
• Comply with Legal Obligations
B. HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will usually store the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes as set above, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Contract
.
Where we are processing personal data is based on contract, we generally will retain your personal data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from our contractual relationship.
Legitimate Interests
.
Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account your fundamental interests and your rights and freedoms.
Consent
.
Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain your personal data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfil the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal data.
Legal Obligation
.
Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain your personal data for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation.
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim or intent to establish a claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data.
C. MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our Services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email or via messaging platform. For some marketing messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
We may send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so or where we have relied on the soft opt-in rule (where applicable).  If you wish to unsubscribe from such communication, please see the details set out above under “Control over Your Information”.
D. STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Security
. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
International Transfers of your Personal data
. The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “
Contact Us
” section of the Privacy Notice.
E. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right to deletion
. You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain certain information about our processing of your personal data which includes:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay, such as if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal data. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests. There may be compelling reasons for us continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason at any time
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the EU, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in:
the UK, your local data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
Switzerland, your local data protection authorities is the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
Ireland, your local data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission (
https://www.dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request Form
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing, we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights to verify your identity.
12. EU-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-US DPF, AND THE SWISS-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK PRINCIPLES
Klaviyo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Klaviyo’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In the context of an onward transfer, Klaviyo has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the EU-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Klaviyo shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Klaviyo proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S DPF Principles, Klaviyo commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the EU-U.S DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S Data Privacy Framework Principles. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact:
Privacy@klaviyo.com
Klaviyo has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework program to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
here
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles,
here
.
13.  CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about how Klaviyo uses your personal data, you can contact us:
Directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Via our appointed EU Representative, the European Data Protection Office (“
EDPO
”), by contacting the EDPO
on their online webform at:
Ireland (EU GDPR):
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
UK GDPR:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
Swiss FADP:
https://edpo.com/swiss-data-request/
by mail at the applicable address set forth below:
Ireland (EU):
EDPO
Ground Floor
71 Lower Baggot Street
Dublin D02 P593
IRELAND
United Kingdom:
EDPO UK
8 Northumberland Avenue
London WC2N 5BY
UNITED KINGDOM
Switzerland:
EDPO Switzerland
Rue de Lausanne 37
1201 Geneva
SWITZERLAND
Back to top ⬆︎
Previous versions:
October 10, 2023
June 29, 2023
December 9, 2022
December 30, 2019
Sub-policy 12
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 13
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sub-policy 14
https://www.make.com/en/privacy-notice:
Celonis Privacy Notice for Make
Last Update: January 2025
About this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”), on behalf of Celonis Inc., the headquarter Celonis SE and all subsidiaries (“Celonis”),  explains how and what type of data related to you as a natural person (“Personal Data”) is collected, why it is collected and to whom it is shared or disclosed. It also contains information about your rights related to your Personal Data.
The following Celonis entities adhere to the Data Privacy Framework (DPF): Celonis Inc. and Celonis Labs LLC; the sections of this Notice related to the DPF apply to these two entities only.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully.
This Privacy Notice applies when you:
Visit any of our websites, social media pages, or office premises,
Access or use any of our applications or platforms, such as make.com,
Register and/or attend any virtual or in-person events hosted or attended by us,
Your employer does business with us,
Contact our customer support or complete a webform,
Participate in our user research activities,
Otherwise interact or communicate with us.
These services are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Services”.
For employment candidates, the dedicated Privacy Notice for the application process can be found
here
.
On our websites, we also collect cookies information, for details please see our
Cookies notice
.
About us
When we refer to “Celonis” (“we”, “us”) in this Privacy Notice, we mean Celonis Inc. (One World Trade Center, 87th Floor, New York, NY, 10007, USA) and/or the Celonis subsidiary that is responsible for the processing of your Personal Data.
Any request related to data privacy may be addressed to
privacy@celonis.com
.
What types of Personal Data do we collect?
We collect and process the following types of Personal Data:
Contact and business data
Contact data includes, but are not limited to, last name, first name, email address, physical address, job position, phone number, country of origin and in some circumstances usernames and passwords related to the product.
Communication and interaction data
Communication data refers to the data resulting from your interaction with us, e.g., emails, chat messages, webinars visited, files downloaded, user research activities and product interest information. We may also collect registration information related to your attendance at one of our events, including travel information, scheduling information, food preferences or allergies, and accessibility requests. When attending an event, Celonis and its agents may photograph and record the event and activities related to the event in visual and audio media. For property under Celonis responsibility, we may process video surveillance (CCTV) information.
Application-related usage data
We may automatically gather and analyze information on how and whether specific features of our Services are used, such as details about which of our applications and versions are being used, user interactions with the Services (including searches and other actions taken by users), pages and files viewed, online trainings attended, types of data sources queried, types of visualizations built, system configuration information, number of steps in a workflow, the type(s) of operations used and the queries submitted, as well as hardware properties such as CPU type and amount of RAM, logfile data, and date and time stamps associated with use of the Services.
Device and browser data
When you visit one of our websites or applications, data from your computer or mobile device may be collected, such as device type, location, information about the browser type and version, the operating system and version, the internet service provider or mobile carrier, the IP Address (or proxy server) as well as geographic areas derived from your IP address, time and date of access, duration of access, referring URL (if any), and identifiers that help us to recognize your device and validate that you are a licensed user.
How do we collect your Personal Data?
You provide Personal Data directly to us by accessing one of our websites or applications, attending one of our events, registering and/or using one of the Services, and participating in activities with us (e.g. user research). We may also obtain Personal Data from your employer in the context of providing the Services or obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public databases, websites, resellers and distributors, marketing or business partners, security and fraud detection firms and social media platforms.
Why do we process your Personal Data?
We may process your Personal Data for one or more of the following purposes:
Provide the requested Services
To provide the requested Services and to make sure that we fulfill contractual obligations with you or your organization. This includes but is not limited to resolving technical issues you encounter, responding to your requests for assistance, providing training related to our Services and responding to any request you may send us through our website, email or any other way.
Improve and enhance our Services
To improve our operations, systems, products, processes in order to enhance your experience, we need to understand your preferences, analyze aggregated, anonymized or statistical usage data and crash information as well as conduct surveys with regards to our Services.
Enable security and compliance
To maintain the security and compliance of our Services with the objective to protect against, investigate and deter fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity and to avoid and detect attacks on our applications or misuse of our Services. To ensure appropriate security of our office premises and comply with any legal and regulatory obligations.
Perform sales, marketing and events related activities
To communicate news about upcoming events, products, services and for direct advertising. To inform you about our Services. To manage your registration to our events and to make visual and audio media related to the event available to you.
Other legitimate business purposes
Such as to conduct customer surveys, collect and assess feedback, determine the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our customer relationships.
On which legal basis do we process your Personal Data?
We process your Personal Data only where one of the following applies:
We need to process your Personal Data to perform our contractual responsibilities or requested Services,
We have a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data (which is not overridden by your rights),
You have given consent to process your Personal Data,
We need to process your Personal Data to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Who will have access to your Personal Data?
Depending on the purpose and the necessity, we may disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of recipients:
To any subsidiaries of Celonis SE (i.e. internal transfer within our organization),
To third parties who entered into a written agreement with us. Examples include vendors and service providers who provide assistance with marketing, billing, processing credit card payments, data analysis, fraud prevention, network and information security, technical support and customer service,
To third parties who act as data processors under our instruction as specified in the related concluded contracts,
To our auditors, attorneys or other advisors under professional obligations of confidentiality in connection with corporate functions,
When you sign up to one of our events and we ask third parties to host, sponsor or present, including webinars and trainings, we may forward your contact data to the respective third party who may use it to provide access to the event or to contact you for related marketing purposes,
To government, law enforcement and regulatory bodies to meet applicable legal or regulatory obligations.
A list of applicable recipients can be provided upon request.
If you are a EU, UK or Swiss resident, your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), UK or Switzerland. We are liable for onward transfers to third parties and we take the necessary steps to ensure that the transfer of your Personal Data outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland receives an adequate level of protection.
Celonis Inc., and Celonis Labs LLC comply
with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Celonis Inc. and Celonis Labs LLC have
certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Celonis Inc. and Celonis Labs LLC have
certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
/
How long do we store your Personal Data?
When permitted and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, Your Personal Data will be deleted upon your request or as soon as it is no longer serving the purpose for which it has been collected. If regulations require longer storage of your Personal Data, or if we need your Personal Data to assert legal claims or defend against legal claims, we will store your Personal Data until the expiration of the corresponding storage period or until the settlement of the claims.
How do we protect your Personal Data?
To protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, use, or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, we use adequate physical, technical and organizational security measures.
What are your rights regarding your Personal Data?
As permitted by, and in compliance with, applicable laws and regulations, we provide you with the following rights:
Request access, update, correction or deletion of your Personal Data,
Withdraw your consent at any time for future processing (i.e. our marketing emails permit you to opt-out of receiving further communications by selecting the “unsubscribe” link),
Request to restrict the processing or object to the processing of your Personal Data,
Have your Personal Data transmitted to other recipients, if technically feasible,
File a complaint with us and/or with a relevant data protection authority,
Not to be discriminated for exercising your rights,
As we may be subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) you have the possibility, under certain circumstances, to invoke binding arbitration
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Celonis commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Additional rights may be applicable to you based on local laws and regulations.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us at
privacy@celonis.com
.
Updates
We regularly review this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice was last updated on January 28, 2025.
Sub-policy 15
https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy:
Business Units
AdRoll
RollWorks
Careers
Culture
Search Jobs
About
Blog
USA
USA
UK
Deutschland
España
Nederland
France
Italia
Ireland
Australia
Careers
Culture
Search Jobs
About
Blog
Service Privacy Notice
Effective as of March 13, 2025
View
archived Privacy Notice
NextRoll, Inc. (formerly AdRoll, Inc.) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
we
” “
our
” or “
us
”) is an independent marketing technology company that offers intelligent, data-driven advertising and marketing services and solutions to help big and small companies accelerate their growth (“
Services
”).
We have prepared this Service Privacy Notice to describe the types of data we collect from you, and explain how, why and when we collect this data in order to provide our Services to our Customers. References to
“Customer”
in this Policy Notice refers to any business, brand, marketer and/or advertiser who uses NextRoll’s Services. This Service Privacy Notice also identifies what rights you have concerning the collection of this data, such as the right to opt-out of interest-based advertising (also commonly referred to as targeted or personalized advertising). If you have additional questions, you can visit our
Trust Center
or
Contact Us.
Please note that this Privacy Notice does not apply to data we collect when you visit a NextRoll website, including
https://www.nextroll.com/
,
www.adroll.com
and
https://www.rollworks.com/
. To learn what data we collect when you visit our websites, please visit the
NextRoll Website Privacy Notice
.
Table of Contents
About NextRoll's Services
What Data we Collect
How We Use the Data We Collect
Data Sharing
Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Cookies and Related Technologies
Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Data Retention
Security
International Transfers
Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Information For California Residents Only
Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Make a Privacy Request
Information For Individuals Located in Brazil
Changes to this Service Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Questions
1. About NextRoll's Services
Back to top
NextRoll is a marketing technology company that helps big and small companies deliver products ambitious marketers use and rely on to grow their businesses. Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s intelligent, data-driven marketing and advertising services and solutions go beyond serving digital ads by providing companies better visibility into which audiences are most interested in certain products and services. By using NextRoll’s proprietary data and machine learning offerings (“
NextRoll Technology
”), companies can better understand their current customers, find new loyal customers and build lasting customer relationships through intelligence-driven direct marketing activities.
NextRoll has two different business divisions:
AdRoll
is an e-commerce marketing platform for companies that sell their products and services directly to consumers (called “
Direct to Consumer
” or “
D2C
” companies). The AdRoll platform makes it easy and affordable for D2C companies to deliver the cross-channel experiences consumers expect – enabling
them to sell more to their existing consumers and identify new consumers to introduce to their products and services. AdRoll does this by creating connected, personalized customer journeys that enable brands to reach new and existing customers through digital advertising, email marketing and onsite experiences. AdRoll also helps companies understand the impact of their marketing efforts with advanced measurement and attribution;
RollWorks
offers an account-based platform for businesses who want to sell their products and services to other businesses (called “
Business to Business”
or “
B2B
” companies). Our RollWorks Services help B2B companies identify their target accounts and key buyers, reach those accounts across multiple channels and measure program effectiveness in their system-of-record.
Interest-Based Advertising
NextRoll’s Technology helps our D2C and B2B Customers provide ads and send emails to people that are most likely to find them interesting by showing them ads that are relevant to their specific interests. This is called “interest-based advertising”. We show many of these interest-based ads on websites and mobile apps which rely on advertising revenue to support the content they provide - and what we all consume - for free each day.
When you visit a website or a mobile application (each a “
Digital Property
”) operated by one of our Customers, open an email from a Customer, or get served an ad by us on behalf of our Customer on a third party site, we may collect certain data from your device as described in this Service Privacy Notice. Our platform then uses that data, as well as other data described in
What Data We Collect
, to help our Customers provide ads and send emails to you that aim to be more relevant to you. To see an example of how this works in practice, see
Example of Interest-Based Advertising.
Interest-based advertising enables publishers of Digital Properties to more accurately determine which ads to serve to specific users based on near real-time data. In turn, this allows our Customers to provide more effective advertising that reaches a more precise pool of prospective buyers.
All in all, interest-based advertising promotes better competition in the marketplace (for example, small and medium sized companies have a better opportunity to reach as many prospective buyers as large, well-funded, competitors), and allows our Customers to provide free or low-cost content to their customers due to the resources generated by effective advertising.
Example of Interest-Based Advertising
You’re working from home for the foreseeable future and want to invest in more comfortable work-from-home clothing. You can’t go to the store right now so you decide to peruse some e-commerce sites instead. You go to Google and type in “loungewear” and a list of websites pop up, including one for ABC Sweatshirts. You’re still in the research phase so you browse their site but don’t purchase. Luckily, ABC Sweatshirts is a
customer
of NextRoll and uses the AdRoll technology for its e-commerce platform. Our technology notes that your device visited ABC Loungwear’s website and was looking at sweatshirts.
Later, as you browse the Internet, we show you ads online from ABC Sweatshirts to encourage you to come back and purchase the sweatshirt, perhaps even with a discount offer or notice of an upcoming sale. We may also show you ads from other companies that sell similar products or services you may be interested in to complete your loungewear outfit, such as sweatpants or home slippers. In addition, if you gave ABC Sweatshirts your email address for marketing purposes, we may also send you emails on behalf of the brand that tell you about its new exclusive line of sweatshirts, special promotions, and more. Alternatively, we may use your email to serve you interest-based ads on social media (for example, your social media provider may match a pseudonymized form of your email address that we provide them with the email address details you have registered with your social media account, enabling us to show you interest-based ads in your social media newsfeed)
.
Measurement and Attribution
In addition to interest-based advertising, we also provide various analytics to help our Customers measure the success of their advertising campaigns and identify prospective buyers who may be the most interested in their products or services.
For instance, by collecting a unique identifier (such as a cookie ID) from the devices of users who see our Customers’ ads or visit their Digital Properties, we can measure whether those unique identifiers subsequently took a particular action, such as buying a Customer’s product or visiting their Digital Property (sometimes called a “conversion”). In some cases, we may use our cross device data asset to match unique identifiers (which includes browsing activity) to email addresses. Customers are only notified of a match if the email already exists in the Customer ‘s CRM records. AdRoll’s D2C Services can collect, measure and analyze different types of data in conjunction with these unique identifiers and provide useful information to our AdRoll Customers such as what IP address ranges visitors to their Digital Properties are from (indicating the geographic locations of a visitor, which may help indicate what locations to run a particular ad campaign), what products or services located on their Digital Property are attracting more attention (or less), and what ad campaigns ultimately led a cookie ID back to a Digital Property to view more products or make a purchase.
RollWorks’ B2B Services provide similar types of analytics derived from the same sort of data as AdRoll’s D2C Services described above, but with a focus on firmographic information to provide insights on the type of B2B customers that appear to be interested in specific products or offerings on that Customer’s Digital Property. For example, determining which IP address ranges are associated with a unique identifier (such as a cookie ID) so we can identify companies who may be interested in our Customer’s product or service, or, if a unique identifier is linked to an email address that has already been provided to the B2B customer, RollWorks may alert the Customer of increased browsing activity that indicates interest from a particular known account.
Overall, we use the information learned from unique identifier behavior across the Internet to provide reporting to both our D2C and B2B Customers. A more detailed list of all the data we collect is described in
What Data We Collect.
2. What Data we Collect
Back to top
We collect the following categories of data in the provision of our Services for the purposes explained below.
Data You or Our Customers Provide To Us
Email and CRM data from our Customers
:
Some Customers provide their customer relationship data to us (e.g. name, email address, company address, mobile number) or instruct us to collect clear email addresses on their behalf using NextRoll Technology (“
Customer CRM Data
”) for processing as part of our Services. By doing so, we help our Customers identify who is showing interest on their Digital Properties as well as serve, measure and analyze interest-based ads to their current or potential customers (we may also trigger these ads by licensing
RollWorks B2B Contact Data
to a Customer). For example, if you are browsing a software company’s website and submitted your email to download a white paper, the software company may use our Services to contact you and provide you with more information about the software company’s products that appear to be of most interest to you (subject to the marketing preferences you indicate to the software company). We use our Customer’s CRM Data only as a processor for the purpose of assisting that particular Customer with their own advertising efforts and reporting performance back to the Customer's CRM system. We do not share clear email addresses belonging to one Customer with another Customer.
Shopping Data
:
Some Customers provide us with data about their buyers’ shopping habits, including non-financial transactional data, product codes and check-out activity in addition to the browsing data that we collect. This data may come from their Digital Properties or other non-financial transactional data they maintain. We use this data to help us better target, personalize and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. This data is also Customer CRM Data and belongs to our Customers and is handled by NextRoll as a processor.
Hashed email addresses
:
When a Customer permits us, we collect hashed versions of the email addresses that you have entered on that Customer’s Digital Property. Hashing is a technology process that pseudonymizes email addresses. For instance, when joe
the
cat@nextroll.com is run through a typical hashing function, it becomes a string of digits, such as: 0F0B7B1A1A7E8BDBBC6AA545F8CCD6F83671B32479271BFCB6CC8498912058D5. We take this step to protect email addresses, while being able to use the unique identifier created for the purpose of recognizing you online across Digital Properties and sending you interest-based ads across different devices (computers, tablets and mobile devices) and browsers (also called “cross-device matching”). We describe cross-device matching in further detail in
How We Use the Data We Collect.
Data We Receive in Our Corporate Capacity
:
We also collect data from our own Customers and visitors to our website(s). To learn more about how we collect and use that data, please see our
Website Privacy Notice.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Unless you have opted-out or have otherwise refused to provide consent, the following is data that we collect from your device automatically:
Cookies:
A unique identifier that NextRoll assigns to you when visiting a Customer’s Digital Property so NextRoll can understand your online journey and have the opportunity to serve ads to you when you visit Publisher’s Digital Properties.
Device Information:
This is technical information about the device you use to access our Customers’ Digital Property, such as your operating system. Additionally, in the case of mobile devices, your device type, and mobile device's unique advertising identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID), and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to the mobile device, such as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by
Non-Cookie Technologies
.
IP Address:
The IP address associated with the device you are using when accessing a Customer’s Digital Property.
Location Data:
This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address. This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates (i.e. GPS latitude and longitude) - only country, state, city and zip/postal code, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location (for example, showing ads in French if you are located in France).
Browser Data:
This is technical information about the browser you are using that is captured in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device (for example, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari).
Activity on Customers’ Digital Properties:
This is data about your browsing activity on a Customer’s website or application. This includes, for example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what site or ad brought you to the Customer’s website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart and what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Ad Data:
This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. This includes , for example, how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
All of this data is collected to help make sure you get the best and most relevant experience when engaging with our Customers.
Data We Collect From Third Party Sources
Campaign Performance Data:
This data includes information about how well our Customers’ ads and campaigns have performed, whether on our platform or on other advertising platforms.
Data from Audience Partners:
We may collect additional information about you from our audience partners who create and provide us with segments which we use for our Customers (“
Audience Partner
”). A segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g. demographic or firmographic attributes). We use this data to better understand the Customers’ target audience and to better market the Customers’ products and services to you. We may also work with our Customers and Audience Partners to synchronize their unique, pseudonymous identifiers to our own to enable us to more accurately recognize a particular unique browser or device and the advertising interests associated with it (commonly known as “ID or User Syncing”).
Data from Advertising Partners:
This is data that allows us to match the NextRoll cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other companies in the digital advertising ecosystem that we work with (“
Advertising Partners
”). For example, we work with ad exchanges, publishers and supply side platforms (i.e. companies that sell advertising space on publishers’ websites) in order to serve our ads. Matching cookie identifiers helps us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices and may include pseudonymous advertising identifiers (meaning identifiers that help identify your browser or device, but not you directly) which some Advertising Partners choose to share with us.
Data collected pursuant to RollWorks Business only:
Email Communications:
Customers may provide us with access to their email communications from their prospects when they have engaged us to provide email marketing services. NextRoll acts as a processor of this CRM Data. . When access to this data involves access to Gmail Data, it will be subject to these additional restrictions:
We will only use access to read, write, modify or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings to provide a web email that allows users to compose, send, read and process emails and will not transfer this Gmail Data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law or as part of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets;
We will not use this Gmail Data for serving advertisements; and
We will not allow humans to read this data unless agreed to by the Customer, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for the provision of NextRoll’s Services.
Contact data from third parties
:
We obtain and collect contact data from various third-party sources, including from public sources and through licenses with data providers. We may also infer contact data based on email addresses and email naming conventions. This contact data is B2B information – in other words, it is typically a business email address, business street address and a business telephone number. Please note that as part of our RollWorks Services, we do not collect business email addresses from third parties for any individuals who are residing in any European Territories (as defined in
International Transfers
).
3. How We Use the Data We Collect
Back to top
Our goal is to leverage this data to help Customers better identify and engage with you and, in turn, provide you with an ideal online experience whereby ad-sponsored content is available for free and the ads served to you are for products and services that aim to be relevant and interesting to you. The data we collect also helps Customers analyze traffic on their Digital Properties, measure the effectiveness of their ad campaigns and gauge the interest of prospective buyers.  Additionally, we use this data to operate, improve and enhance our Services.
Specifically, we use this data for the following purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising:
To select ads that are more likely to be relevant to you based on data such as your browsing activity, the time of day and time spent visiting specific Digital Properties, and non-precise geographic data inferred about your device(s). For example, we may show you ads for your favorite shopping site (or similar sites we think you may like) for goods or services only available in your city, region or country during your lunch or commute hours.
Segmenting Audiences:
To segment you into groups (like bargain hunters, high intent visitors, low intent visitors) for certain purposes such as reporting and analytics as well as determining what ads and email content would best peak your interest.  To do so, we use data from Customer Digital Properties you visit in addition to data provided by the Customer and Audience Partners (i.e. demographic and firmographic information about your unique identifier).
Ad Delivery:
We use data about your browser or other technical information about your device in order to technically deliver advertising and confirm successful delivery of the ad.
Frequency Capping:
We use data about the ads that have been served to you to make sure you will not see the same ad too many times. If we know you’ve already seen one of our Customer’s ads several times, we’ll try to show you a different ad next time.
Sequencing:
If you are being served a sequence of ads, to make sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Mapping data to Our Cross-Device Asset:
NextRoll’s cross-device asset is used to connect multiple devices to one person, household, and/or online identifiers such as an email address (hashed for security) that a Customer may have collected directly from its customers. The cross-device asset allows companies to better understand their known-customer activity, as well as improves the ability to target and measure ad campaigns (including limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad).
Cross-device matching
:
Identifying different devices and browsers that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us not show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of cross-device interest-based targeting by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
. To learn more about how we use cross-device matching,
visit our blog
.
Syncing Online Identifiers with Customer CRM Data
:
Customers may use NextRoll Services to match online browsing activity indicated by online identifiers with existing email addresses the Customer has already obtained ( i.e. Customer CRM Data).  Customers may also use this information to understand which consumers or business accounts are showing increased interest to better understand their website audience and respond with appropriate marketing activity.
Identifying Companies Associated with an IP Range for B2B marketing
:
We match IP address ranges to companies who disclose their IP address ranges in order to provide aggregated reports to companies regarding their website traffic.
Reporting and Attribution:
By analyzing activity on our Customers’ Digital Properties, we provide our Customers insights into how their ad campaigns are performing and surface insights about their site visitors. Reporting may include ad metrics, such as traffic on certain Digital Properties, measuring impact of campaigns, impressions (ads served), clicks (ads you clicked on) and conversions. What qualifies as a “conversion” is defined by the Customer—it might include, for example, a sale or a white paper download or a correlation to an actual or inferred sale, site visit or store visit. This data allows a Customer to determine if an ad is not performing well (few attributed conversions), so that the Customer can update the ad (perhaps with a better deal!).
Licensing Data:
When we receive an email address for a U.S. resident or obtain attribute data from third party data providers or derive an email address we may license that data to our Customers. For example, our
RollWorks Contact Data Product
provides our Customers with business email addresses.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations:
Data we collect in our corporate capacity (i.e. our own B2B lists of Customers) is used to conduct our business operations and communications. Please see our
Website Privacy Notice
to learn more about how we use that data.
Complying with Legal Process:
To satisfy in good faith any applicable law, legal process or proper governmental request, such as to respond to a subpoena (whether civil or criminal) or similar process.
Investigating Wrongdoing and Protecting Ourselves or Third Parties:
To enforce or investigate any potential violation of our
Terms of Service
, policies or the law, and to protect ourselves, our Customers or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4. Data Sharing
Back to top
We may disclose data about you with the following third parties:
With a Customer:
We may share data about how you have interacted with a Customer’s Digital Properties, email campaigns or ads.  We may share
business contact data
collected from third party sources or inferred (for example, based on email naming conventions) with a RollWorks B2B Customer if we think that your business or employer would be interested in that Customer’s products. In regards to RollWorks’ Services, we do not collect contact data about residents of European Territories from third parties.
With Our Audience Partners:
We share hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous online identifiers with our Audience Partners in connection with audience creation and modeling and creating segments for the Customer based on the Customer’s CRM Data.
With Our Advertising Partners:
We disclose cookie ID data and the ad we propose to serve with our Advertising Partners, as necessary, to allow for the successful delivery of ads to your device.
With Our Service Providers:
We contract with companies who provide services to us to support our business operations (e.g., for example, website and data hosting, fraud prevention, viewability reporting, data hygiene, marketing and email delivery), as well as billing, collections, tech, customer and operational support.
With Our Subsidiaries and Affiliates:
Our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates will only process your data for the purposes already explained in this Service Privacy Notice. Our subsidiaries are NextRoll Limited (Ireland), AdRoll Limited (UK) and NextRoll Pty Limited (Australia).
In Connection with Legal Proceedings:
When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example, to comply with a binding order of a court or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of NextRoll, our Customer or any other third party.
In Connection with a Sale of Our Business:
If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale (including during due diligence in preparation for the sale).
5. Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Back to top
NextRoll may aggregate and de-identify data it collects so that it can either no longer be directly or indirectly associated with a natural person or cannot be associated with a natural person at all. NextRoll will then use such data for our machine learning, reporting, analytics and other business purposes.
We may also share aggregated and de-identified data with our subsidiaries and affiliates.
6. Cookies and Related Technologies
Back to top
NextRoll offers a consent management platform that adheres to the latest Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF). Our commitment to the principles outlined in the IAB TCF are provided in our
TCF Attestation
.
NextRoll Technology uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our Services to our Customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. You can refuse consent to, or opt-out of, NextRoll cookies at any time, as explained in
Your Choices and Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
below. The NextRoll cookie we serve through our NextRoll Technology for this purpose is named “__adroll”, “__ar_v4”, “_adroll_shared” and “__adroll_fpc.”
Our Advertising Partners may also drop cookies for the purposes described in
What Data We Collect
. Generally, the type of cookies dropped will vary depending on the Advertising Partner. We provide a list of our Advertising Pixel Partners
here
.
Additionally, we use
non-tracking cookies
to store user decisions in terms of your ad consent and opt-out choices:
We may drop a __adroll cookie with value opt-out if you opt-out as described below.
We may drop a __consent cookie that stores the consent choices you have made regarding data processing and advertising by NextRoll.
We may drop a__adroll_post_consent_html for custom HTML to display to the user confirming consent selection.
We may drop a__adroll_post_consent_css for custom CSS (website design) to style the confirm GDPR consent selection.
We may drop a__adroll_consent_params cookie GDPR consent parameters for recording via ad server callbacks.
We may drop a __adroll_bounced3 for users redirected through Safari bounce.
We may drop a__adroll_bounce_closed for Safari banner closure.
We may drop a__adroll_load_stats to determine how many times the Safari banner was loaded.
A full list of NextRoll cookies is set out below:
Tracking cookies
Non-tracking cookies
__adroll
__ar_v4
__adroll_shared
__adroll_fpc
__adroll_consent_params
__adroll_post_consent_html
__adroll_post_connsent_css
__adroll_bounced3
__adroll_bounce_closed
__adroll_load_stats
7. Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Back to top
In respect of website visitors with IP addresses
not from a European Territory
, NextRoll and some of its Advertising Partners may use technologies other than cookie technology to recognize your computer, device or browser for the purposes of interest-based advertising, analyzing engagement with ads or content, measuring the effectiveness of a particular ad campaign or marketing effort, to monitor against fraud or misuse of our Services, or in other ways described in this Service Privacy Notice in
How We Use the Data We Collect
. This use of non-cookie technology may be used in addition to cookies, or separately, to collect and record data about your web browsing activities on browsers, search engines or other platforms that may not utilize NextRoll Technology.
You may opt-out of tracking via non-cookie technologies by employing the respective opt-out techniques described in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
8. Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Back to top
You can control how you share your data with NextRoll, including electing to opt-out of interest-based advertising altogether. Please visit our
opt-out webpage
to opt-out.
Generally speaking, an opt-out allows you to direct NextRoll not to engage in a particular type of data collection. There are many different ways that NextRoll collects data, different purposes for that data collection, and different industry-specific and NextRoll-specific tools for opting-out. We describe below the different options for controlling how NextRoll uses your data:
Web browser:
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon
that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking on our
opt-out page
. Please note that this opt-out function is browser-specific and relies on an opt-out cookie. This means if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Cross Device Opt-Out:
As described above in
How We Use the Data We Collect
, we may link multiple browsers or devices to the cookie ID, hashed email address or other unique identifiers associated with you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in certain conditions, there may be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:
To opt-out of receiving interest-based ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications, see instructions for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising.”
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
NextRoll is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (
NAI
) and adheres to the framework principles. You may use the
NAI opt-out tool
which will allow you to opt-out of seeing interest-based ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies. In addition, the NAI opt-out tool allows you to separately opt-out of “audience matched” advertising through the NAI’s “
Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out
.” You can also use the
email opt-out tool
provided by our Advertising Partner, LiveRamp, to opt-out your email address from their database. Audience matching is a particular type of interest-based advertising where de-identified data (e.g. hashed emails) is tied to “offline” activity or information (this information generally is or can be associated with a consumer’s email address - whether that information is part of our Customer’s own customer lists or in lists we license to the Customer). To do “audience matching,” we or another platform then “match” that information (in de-identified form) to cookie IDs, mobile ad IDs, or other online identifiers. We describe this hashing activity in additional detail in
What Data We Collect
. Because this “audience matched” information is derived from an email address or information that can be tied to an email address, it is possible to opt-out with an email address. However, when you opt-out this way, you will need to submit all of the email addresses that you use for the opt-out to work.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (
DAA
). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners, via the
DAA website
.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (
DAAC
). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners, via the
DAAC website
.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising. You may opt-out via the
EDAA website
.
9. Data Retention
Back to top
Customer CRM Data:
The data retention period for Customer CRM Data is as follows:
If either Customer or NextRoll explicitly terminates the NextRoll Services in accordance with our Terms of Service, NextRoll will delete Customer CRM Data within 90 days from the termination date.
If a Customer’s account has been suspended for 90 days or more, the Customer CRM Data will be deleted.
When a Customer has not logged in to their NextRoll account in the past 365 days
and
there has been no product usage in the past 30 days
and
no media spend has occurred in the past 30 days, the Customer CRM Data will be deleted when the 366th day of no login activity occurs for the account.
Customers may request deletion of Customer CRM Data by visiting the privacy requests
webpage
.
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers:
Cookies we set expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using NextRoll Technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses our technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by you on your device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History:
We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months (for example, data such as a Customer’s website you visited or ads that you may have clicked).
Personal Data Associated with Advertising Bidding Requests:
Data logged in order to process an advertising bid request we have received from an Advertising Partner (such as a cookie identifier, IP address, the domain url requesting to display the ad, and browser information) are deleted after 7 days. Data we have logged regarding bids we have placed to display an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisement bid on and the advertisement won or displayed to the visitor) are deleted after 15 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisement:
Data logged for the display of an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, the advertisement won or displayed to you and data indicating whether you clicked on the particular advertisement displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
Hashed Email Addresses:
Hashed email addresses collected from Customer site visitors are deleted 12 months from the last date the hashed email was collected.
10. Security
Back to top
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing. NextRoll has also completed the SOC2 Type 2 Audit (Security and Privacy) with no exceptions. This report is only available to Customers by a request to
support@nextroll.com
.
11. International Transfers
Back to top
We may transfer the data we collect about you to countries (including the United States of America) other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of performing our Services. In general, the transferring countries will be the countries in which we, our Customers, our Advertising Partners, or their service providers operate.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect that data as described in this Service Privacy Notice and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
For example, when we transfer your data from a European Territory (as defined below) to our parent company in the United States, we do so under the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. These Standard Contractual Clauses are incorporated in the
NextRoll Data Protection Addendum
between NextRoll and each of our Customers where applicable. When we transfer your data outside of a European Territory to Advertising Partners (or vice versa), we do so under lawful data export mechanisms which may include Standard Contractual Clauses and Binding Corporate Rules.
12. Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Back to top
Our Legal Basis:
If you interact with our Services from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. For these purposes, "
European Territories
" means the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
We will normally process personal data about you based on consent (except where the purpose of processing is based on legitimate interest, as described in the “vendor” details of the Consent Management Tool presented to you while visiting Digital Properties from the European Territories). For example, when you visit a Customer’s Digital Property, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie.
If you have questions about, or need further information concerning, the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please email
dpo@nextroll.com
.
European Residents’ Privacy Rights:
In addition, if you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following data subject access rights under EU data protection law:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, please visit our
privacy requests webpage
to obtain a verifiable request form.
If you wish to object to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
portion of this Service Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.
Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by visiting our
opt-out page
or by refusing consent for NextRoll (or changing your consent preferences) when you see a Consent Management Tool displayed on a Customer site which lists NextRoll as a vendor.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available from the
European Data Protection Board website
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, we encourage you to contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
In some cases, we act as a processor for our Customers (for example, when we handle our Customers’ CRM data solely to provide them Services) and, in those cases, you should direct any requests to exercise your data protection rights to the relevant Customer. If you are uncertain whether we process your personal data as a controller or a processor in any specific context, you can contact us at
support@nextroll.com
and we will advise you accordingly.
13. Information For California Residents Only
Back to top
This section supplements the information contained in this Service Privacy Notice and applies solely to visitors, users and others who are residents of the State of California, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations. This section is provided to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (
CPRA
), and regulations promulgated thereunder as each may be amended from time to time (collectively, the “
CCPA
”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
Information We Collect and the Purposes for Which this Information is Used
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
personal information
”). This collection of information is listed in
What Data We Collect.
We set out below the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months in respect of our Services. Please note that personal information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
A.
Identifiers
Yes
Device IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, and your device type, and mobile device's identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.
Directly and indirectly from consumers, third party data providers, ad exchanges, supply-side platforms and Audience Partners. In the case of business email addresses, RollWorks B2B Services may infer a business email address.
B.
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
Name, business address, business telephone number, education, employment, employment history, household income.the perceived general education level of consumers may be collected for marketing, advertising and analytics.
Directly from third party data providers and Audience Partners.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Yes
Limited to age ranges such as 35-44, 45-54, 55-64 and 65+ and male/female gender categories are sometimes collected for use for NextRoll Services that do not carry a risk of unintended discrimination.
Audience Partners.
D.
Commercial information
Yes
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers and Customers.
E.
Biometric information
No
-
-
F.
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application or advertisement. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Directly from browsing history on Customers’ Digital Properties.
Non-personal information about one of our ads (e.g. the third party who served the ad, and the name of the ad) may be connected with browsing history or activity on our websites for the purposes of determining attribution information (e.g. whether particular ad led to a consumer visiting our website, and, if so, which particular ad campaign).
G.
Geolocation data
Yes
Non-precise geolocation derived from IP address.
Directly from consumers, ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms and Audience Partners.
H.
Sensory data
No
-
-
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
Current or past job history, including details about the employer (industry, name, company location, company domain or URL), and employee (positions held, duration of employment, and office location of the company where the employee worked).
Directly from third party data providers and Audience Partners.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R Part 99))
No
-
-
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Yes
Creating profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests.
Directly from Audience Partners.
L.
Sensitive personal information
Yes
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Personal information that relates to the analysis of an individual's physical or mental health may be collected to the extent that the following constitute collection of sensitive personal information:
purchase or browsing history for over-the-counter medications or devices that inform targeted ad selection; and
browsing history and inquiry for services such as elective surgeries, allergy treatments, and health-education or support groups that inform targeted ad selection.
NextRoll does not create consumer profiles based on perceived interest or association with the categories of information related to health information (for example, NextRoll does not have consumer profiles for “allergies” or “ankle surgery,” etc.). NextRoll does not purchase consumer profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests related to health.The consumer-profile interests NextRoll permits for targeted advertising can be found
here
.
Directly from Customers and consumers.
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected
All data we collect is primarily for the commercial purpose of providing marketing, advertising (i.e., cross-context behavioral advertising) and analytical Services. However, as part of performing these Services, we also use data collected for the following additional business purposes:
Auditing Interactions with Consumers: to count ad impressions and verify the quality of ad impressions served to unique visitors identified by cookie id or other unique identifier;
Debugging and Repair:  the identification and repair of impairments to intended and existing functionalities in our Services and NextRoll Technology, perform debugging and related activities to repair errors that impair the functionality of our Services;
Security:  to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Internal Research and Development:  to conduct internal research for technological development of our Services and demonstration of the performance of these Services; and
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification:  to verify the quality or safety of our Services and improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and NextRoll Technology.
For more information on how we use this data, please refer to
How We Use the Data We Collect.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
NextRoll discloses personal data for business purposes as set out in
Purposes for which Personal Information is Collected
above. We disclose, or otherwise share as indicated below, the categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as set out in
Data Sharing
.
Sharing Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared, and/or sold, the following categories of personal information for the commercial purpose of providing cross-context behavioral advertising (known as retargeted or interest based advertising) services:
Category A (Identifiers). By serving ads on digital publisher sites such as news, blogs and weather sites we share and/or sell cookie string data and pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails) from Category A (identifiers) with Advertising Partners and Advertising Partners.
Category F (Internet or other similar network activity). NextRoll may share and/or sell browsing information (e.g., page views on a NextRoll customer site or ads served or clicked) to NextRoll customers about end users who have visited the customer’s site.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding (12) twelve months, we have sold the following categories of personal information:
Category A (Identifiers). Pursuant to our
RollWorks B2B Contact Data
Service, we have sold personal information in the form of business emails from Category A (Identifiers) to Customers.
NextRoll does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of minors.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information page
.
Furthermore, NextRoll processes interest based advertising opt-out preference signals via global privacy controls. To use this method, you must download and enable global privacy controls on a participating browser or browser extension.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of California residents and provides information on how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
)
we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (otherwise known as a data portability request); and
Two separate lists where we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Sales: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relations with you or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that a business correct inaccurate personal Information that is maintained about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our service providers to do the same) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
To exercise the right to know, data portability and deletion rights described above, please submit the consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our
privacy requests webpage.
After submitting the request, a form will be sent to the requestor to verify the consumer request.
On the verification form, the requestor must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe the request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; and (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will deliver our written response to you electronically unless you indicate delivery to be by mail.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot complete a request, if applicable. Please note that personal information deleted during this period as set out in
Data Retention
will not be provided.
The format of our responses to you concerning personal information collected, disclosed or sold will be provided in a readily useable format that should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
CCPA Metrics
To view metrics regarding consumer requests to know, delete, and opt out, for the previous calendar year (January 1 - December 31) please visit our CCPA Metrics
webpage
.
Right to Limit Collection of Sensitive Personal Information
You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information by the business by visiting our
opt-out
page or
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information page
, or through the instructions provided in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information you (or your authorized representative) may visit  the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
webpage.
Opt Out Preference Signals
If you are visiting a site with NextRoll’s Technology, you may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your data by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you do not have an account on the site you are browsing or if you are not logged into your account while browsing, your request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to NextRoll. Please also check for the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information or Privacy Choices link on the sites you visit.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Retaliate against an employee, applicant, or independent contractor’s right to exercise their CCPA rights.
14. Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Back to top
Exercising Your Consumer Rights.
Several US state privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Consumers in these states can exercise their rights via the methods described above under the headings:
Exercising Right to Know
;
Data Portability
; Right to Deletion; and Right to Correct. To appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, or to contact NextRoll, please view the
Contact Us About Questions section
.
The Sale of Personal Information and Processing for Targeted Advertising
For information on the sale of your personal information and how to opt out, see
Sales of Personal Information
. NextRoll processes personal information for targeted advertising. See
How We Use the Data We Collect
above. To opt out of targeted advertising, see
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
, or visit the “Privacy Choices” link in the footer of all NextRoll webpages:
15. Make a Privacy Request
Back to top
To exercise the right to know (access), data portability and deletion rights (right to be forgotten), please submit the consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our
privacy requests webpage
.
16. Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Back to top
Please view NextRoll’s disclosures pursuant to the Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“
LGPD
”),
here
.
17. Changes to this Service Privacy Notice
Back to top
We may update or modify this Service Privacy Notice at our discretion at any time. When we make changes to this Service Privacy Notice we will post the updated notice online and update the notice’s effective date. Please review this Service Privacy Notice periodically.
If we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
18. Contact Us About Questions
Back to top
If you have any questions about this Service Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or want to appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, you can contact
support@nextroll.com
.
If you are located in a European Territory then, where we process your data as a data controller, NextRoll Limited is the data controller of your information. To contact NextRoll Limited please email
support@nextroll.com
or write to us at the following address:
NextRoll Limited
Attn: Legal
Floor 3, Block 3
Miesian Plaza
Dublin 2, Ireland
D02 Y754
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
:
Lucid Privacy Group
NextRoll Data Protection Officer
1050 Page Street
San Francisco, CA 94117
USA
Website Privacy Notice
Effective as of March 13, 2025
View archived Privacy Policy
NextRoll, Inc. (formerly AdRoll, Inc.) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
we
,” “
our
” or “
us
”) is an independent marketing technology company that offers intelligent, data-driven advertising and marketing services and solutions to help big and small companies accelerate their growth (“
Services
”).
Please note that this Privacy Notice only applies to data that we collect when you visit a NextRoll website or a mobile application, including
connect.adroll.com
,
app.adroll.com
,
www.nextroll.com
,
www.adroll.com
,
pages.adroll.com
,
www.rollworks.com
,
pages.rollworks.com
,
https://blog.adrollgroup.com
,
help.adroll.com
,
tech.adroll.com
, or
developers.adroll.com
(each a "
Digital Property
"). To learn what data we collect when you visit the websites of our Advertisers, please visit the
NextRoll Service Privacy Notice
.
Table of Contents
About NextRoll's Services
What Data We Collect
How We Use the Data We Collect
Data Sharing
Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Cookies and Related Technologies
Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Data retention
Security
International Transfers
Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Information for California Residents Only
Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Questions
1. About NextRoll's Services
Back to top
NextRoll is a marketing technology company that helps big and small companies deliver products ambitious marketers use and rely on to grow their businesses. Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s intelligent, data-driven marketing and advertising services and solutions go beyond serving digital ads by providing companies better visibility into which audiences are most interested in certain products and services.  By using NextRoll’s proprietary data and machine learning offerings (“NextRoll Technology,”), companies can better understand their customers, find new loyal customers and build lasting customer relationships through intelligence-driven marketing activities.
NextRoll has two different business divisions:
AdRoll
is an e-commerce marketing platform for companies that sell their products and services directly to consumers (called “Direct to Consumer” or “D2C” companies). The AdRoll platform makes it easy and affordable for D2C companies to deliver the cross-channel experiences consumers expect – enabling them to sell more to their existing consumers, and also to identify new consumers to introduce to their products and services. AdRoll does this by creating connected, personalized customer journeys that enable brands to reach new and existing customers through digital advertising, email marketing and onsite experiences, and helps companies understand the impact of their marketing efforts with advanced measurement and attribution;
RollWorks
offers an account-based platform for businesses who want to sell their products and services to other businesses (called “Business to Business” or “B2B” companies). Our RollWorks Services help B2B companies identify their target accounts and key buyers, reach those accounts across multiple channels and measure program effectiveness in their system-of-record.
The NextRoll websites are a collection of sites that we use to describe our Services to potential customers, to provide our Services to our Customers, and to support Customers and partners as they seek to identify, deploy and measure their marketing and advertising efforts with us over time.
For more information on the data collected through our Services, please see our
Service Privacy Notice
.
2. What Data We Collect
Back to top
We may collect the following categories of information on our Digital Properties and use them for the purposes explained below.
Data You Provide To Us
Contact Information:
You may provide us with your name, address, phone number and email when you set up an account with us and you may provide your name, title, company, email, address and/or phone number when you sign up for an event with us online or download content from our Digital Properties.
Account Information:
If you open an account, we will collect your username and password and other information necessary to open and access your account.
Customer Service Information:
Information you may provide to our customer service including your email address for purposes of responding to your inquiries and survey responses.
Financial Information:
Credit card number or other payment account information. This information is collected directly by our payments processor and not stored by NextRoll.
Hashed email addresses:
We collect hashed versions of the email addresses that you enter on our Digital Properties. Hashing is a technology process that pseudonymizes (i.e. digitally scrambles) email addresses. For instance, when joe_the_cat@nextroll.com is run through a typical hashing function, it becomes a string of digitsm such as: 0F0B7B1A1A7E8BDBBC6AA545F8CCD6F83671B32479271BFCB6CC8498912058D5. We take this step to de-identify data and protect email addresses. We use the hashed email  created for the purpose of recognizing you and sending your interest-based ads across different devices (computers, tablets and mobile devices) and browsers (also called “cross-device matching”). We describe cross-device matching in further detail in
How We Use the Data We Collect
.
Information about your business:
You may use the tools available on NextRoll’s Digital Properties to learn more about how NextRoll’s Services can help you grow your business.  If you are an existing Customer, we may use the information you provide about your business when using our online tools to add to your existing Customer profile with NextRoll.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Cookies:
A unique identifier that NextRoll assigns to you when visiting one of our sites so we can understand your online journey and have the opportunity to serve ads to you when you visit a publisher’s site.
Device Information:
This is technical information about the device you use to access our Digital Properties such as your operating system. Additionally, in the case of mobile devices, your device type, unique advertising identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to the mobile device, such as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by
Non-Cookie Technologies
.
IP Address:
The IP address associated with the device you are using when visiting a NextRoll Digital Property.
Location Data:
This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address. This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates (i.e. your GPS latitude and longitude) - only country, state, city and zip/postal code, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location (for example, showing ads in French if you are located in France).
Browser Data:
This is technical information about the browser you are using that is captured in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device (for example, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari).
Activity on our Digital Properties:
This is data about your browsing activity on our Digital Properties and your interactions with our other tools or dashboards. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page or whether you downloaded a white paper.
Ad Data:
This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. This includes, for example, how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
All this data is collected to help make sure you get the best and most relevant experience when engaging with NextRoll.
Data We Collect from Third Party Sources
Data from Audience Partners:
We may collect additional information about you from our audience partners who create and provide us with segments of our own customers (“Audience Partner”). A segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g. firmographic attributes).  We use this data to better understand our target audience and to better market our Services to you.
Data from Advertising Partners:
This is data that allows us to match the NextRoll cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other companies in the digital advertising ecosystem that we work with (“Advertising Partners”). For example, we work with ad exchanges, publishers and supply side platforms (i.e. companies that sell advertising space on publishers’ websites) in order to serve our ads. Matching cookie identifiers helps us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices, and may include pseudonymous advertising identifiers (meaning identifiers that help identify your browser or device, but not you directly) which some Advertising Partners choose to share with us.
Contact Data from Third Parties:
We obtain and collect contact data from various third party sources, including from public sources and through licenses with data providers. This contact data is B2B information – in other words, it is typically a business email address, business street address, or sometimes, a business telephone number.
3. How We Use the Data We Collect
Back to top
Specifically, we use this data for:
Interest-Based Advertising:
Serving you ads for certain NextRoll Services that are more likely to be relevant to you based on your browsing activity, the time of day you visit our Digital Properties and the time you spend on them, and non-precise geographic data inferred about your device/s. For example, we may show you ads for our Service  only available in your city, region or country during your lunch or commute hours. For more information about how our Services work, please see our Service Privacy Notice.
Segmenting Audiences:
We use data from our Digital Properties you visit in addition to data from Audience Partners to segment you into groups (like high or low intent visitors) for reporting, analytics and determining what ads and email content would best peak your interest.
Ad delivery:
We use data about your browser or other technical information about your device in order to deliver advertising and confirm successful delivery of the ad.
Frequency Capping:
We use data about ads that have been served to you to make sure that you don't see the same NextRoll ad too many times.
Sequencing:
If you are being served a sequence of ads, we do this to make sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Mapping Data to our Cross-Device Asset:
NextRoll cross-device asset is used to connect multiple devices to one person, household, and/or online identifiers such as an email address (hashed for security) that you may have submitted to NextRoll.  Our cross-device asset allows us to better understand your online activity and helps us improve our ability to target and measure ad campaigns (including limiting the number of times you or your household sees an ad for NextRoll Services).
Cross-Device Matching:
Identifying different devices and browsers that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us not show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of cross-device interest-based targeting by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
. To learn more about how we use cross-device matching, click
here
.
Syncing Online Identifiers with Customer CRM Data:
If you have provided us with your email address, we may match your online browsing activity indicated by online identifiers.  We may use this information to see if you are showing increased interest in our products and services to better understand our website audience and to respond with appropriate marketing activity.
Identifying Companies Associated with an IP Range for B2B Marketing:
We match IP address ranges to companies who disclose their IP address ranges to analyze and report our website traffic.
Reporting and Attribution:
Analyzing how our ads are performing and gaining insights into our Customers and prospective customers. Reporting may include ad metrics such as attribution (described above), impressions (ads served), clicks (ads you clicked on) and conversions (for example, if you create an account with us or download a white paper from our site). This helps us identify ads that are most useful to you and demonstrates NextRoll’s value. Relatedly, this also helps us identify an ad that is not performing well, allowing us to update our ad or ad campaign strategy.
Providing our Services and Customer Support:
For example, to monitor usage of features, manage campaigns and log data for audit purposes. We may contact you when you ask us for support or when it appears to us that you might need support. We maintain records of our communications with you for future reference.
Billing:
Invoice you and collect fees for services we have provided.
Troubleshoot Problems:
To monitor and fix our website performance, for example, if the site is slow, not loading properly, or to investigate aberrations in performance of our Services.
Prevent Potential Fraud and Enforce our Terms of Service:
To prevent fraud on our sites or through the use of our Services,to enforce our Terms of Service or other policies or investigate any potential violation of those Terms and policies, any potential violation of the law, or to protect ourselves, our Customers or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
Customize, Measure and Improve our Websites and Services:
To provide customized content and to measure which content is most helpful (or unhelpful) to our Customers, which helps improve our website and our services. For example, if we notice higher visits to certain Help Center articles or receive higher customer support tickets for specific issues, we can improve our support materials or identify areas where we can make our product better for our Customers.
Contact You About Your Account or our Services, Including to Market our Services to You or Provide Updates:
We may use your contact information to contact you about your account, for example, in relation to the performance of your campaigns, to follow up on billing issues or to tell you about new Services we are offering. We may send you product updates, performance information, surveys or communicate with you in other ways about our services. When we can legally do so, we may augment the information you give us in order to contact you by phone or even snail mail. You can opt-out of receiving emails by unsubscribing through the link at the bottom of our emails or by updating your email preferences
here
. You can let us know if you don’t want to receive phone calls or other marketing materials from us by contacting
support@nextroll.com
.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations.
Data collected in our corporate capacity, such as our own B2B lists of Customers and prospective customers, is used to conduct our business operations and send communications.
Complying with Legal Process:
To satisfy in good faith any applicable law, legal process or proper governmental request, such as to respond to a subpoena (whether civil or criminal) or similar process.
Investigating Wrongdoing and Protecting Ourselves or Third Parties:
To enforce or investigate any potential violation of our Terms of Service and policies, any potential violation of the law and to protect ourselves, our Customers, or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4. Data Sharing
Back to top
We may disclose data about you:
With our Audience Partners:
We share hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous online identifiers with our Audience Partners in connection with audience creation and modeling and creating segments.
With our Advertising Partners:
We disclose cookie ID data and the ad we propose to serve to you with our Advertising Partners, as necessary, to allow for successful delivery of ads to your device.
With our Service Providers:
We contract with companies who help with parts of our business operations (e.g., website and data hosting, fraud prevention, viewability reporting, data hygiene, marketing and email delivery), as well as billing, collections, tech, customer and operational support.
With our Subsidiaries and Affiliates:
These entities will only process your data for the purposes already explained in this Website Privacy Notice. Our subsidiaries are NextRoll Limited (Ireland), AdRoll Limited (UK) and NextRoll Pty Limited (Australia).
In connection with legal proceedings:
When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example to comply with a binding order of a court, or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of NextRoll, our Customers or any other third party.
In connection with a sale of our business:
If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale (including during due diligence in preparation for the sale).
5. Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Back to top
NextRoll may aggregate and de-identify data it collects so that it can either no longer be directly associated with a natural person or cannot be associated with a natural person at all.  NextRoll will then use such data for our machine learning, reporting, and other business purposes.
We may also share aggregated and de-identified data with our subsidiaries and affiliates and third parties, including with our Advertising Partners. For example, we may conduct industry wide surveys to publish benchmark reports, or to include statistics when collaborating with researchers or other companies on industry white papers.
6. Cookies and Related Technologies
Back to top
Our websites use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to operate and personalize our sites.  For example, to provide personalized content on our site, enable customer service chat functionality, for analytics purposes, and to target ads to you about our products and services on other websites.
We also use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our services for our Customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device.  You can refuse consent to, or opt-out of, NextRoll cookies at any time, as explained in
Your Choices and Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
below.
Tracking cookies
enable us to identify your device when you move between different Digital Properties, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
The NextRoll cookie we serve through the NextRoll platform for this purpose is named “__adroll,” “__ar_v4” and “__adroll_fpc”.
Our Advertising Partners may also drop cookies for the purposes described in
What Data We Collect
. Generally, the type of cookies dropped will vary depending on the Advertising Partner. We provide a list of our Advertising Pixel Partners
here
.
Additionally, we use
non-tracking cookies
to store user decisions in terms of your ad consent and opt-out choices:
We may drop an __adroll cookie with value opt-out if you opt-out as described below.
We may drop a __consent cookie that stores the consent choices you have made regarding data processing and advertising by NextRoll.
A full list of NextRoll cookies is set out below:
Tracking cookies
Non-tracking cookies
__adroll
__ar_v4
__adroll_fpc
__adroll_consent_paramas
__adroll_post_consent_html
__adroll_post_connsent_css
7. Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Back to top
In respect of website visitors with IP addresses
not from a European Territory
, NextRoll and some of our Advertising Partners may use technologies other than cookie technology to recognize your computer, device or browser for the purpose of interest-based advertising, analyzing engagement with ads or content, measuring the effectiveness of a particular ad campaign or marketing effort, monitoring against fraud or misuse of our Services, or in other ways described in this Website Privacy Notice in
How We Use the Data We Collect
. This use of non-cookie technology may be used in addition to cookies, or separately, to collect and record data about your web browsing activities on browsers, search engines or other platforms that may not utilize NextRoll Technology. You may opt-out of tracking via non-cookie technologies by employing the respective opt-out techniques described in
Your Choices and Opting- Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
8. Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Back to top
You can control how you share your data with NextRoll, including electing to “opt-out” of interest-based advertising altogether. Please visit our
opt-out webpage
to opt out.
Generally speaking, an opt-out allows you to direct NextRoll not to engage in a particular type of data collection.  There are many different ways that NextRoll collects data, different purposes for that data collection and different industry-specific and NextRoll-specific tools for opting-out.  We describe below the different options for controlling how NextRoll uses your data:
Web browser:
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon
that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking
here
. Please note that this opt-out function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie.” This means if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Cross Device Opt-Out:
As described above, How We Use the Data We Collect, we may link multiple browsers or devices to the cookie ID, hashed email address or other unique identifiers associated with you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have more browsers or devices linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to the other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:
To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications see the following instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising.”
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
NextRoll is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the framework principles. You may use the NAI opt-out tool
here
, which will allow you to opt-out of seeing personalized ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies. In addition, the NAI opt-out tool allows you to separately opt-out of “audience matched” advertising through the NAI’s “Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out” tool. You can also use the
email opt-out tool
provided by our Advertising Partner, LiveRamp, to opt your email address from their database. Audience matching is a particular type of interest-based advertising where de-identified data (e.g. hashed emails) is tied to “offline” activity or information (generally, information that is or can be associated with a consumer’s email address) and matches that de-identified data to cookies, mobile ad IDs or other online identifiers. We describe this hashing activity in detail in
What Data We Collect
. Because this “audience matched” information is derived from an email address or information that can be tied to an email address, it is possible to opt-out with an email address. However, when you opt-out in this way, you will need to submit all of the email addresses that you use for the opt-out to work.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the
DAA website
.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the
DAAC website
.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising. You may opt-out via the
EDAA website
.
You can also request that we stop email marketing to you. You can use the “unsubscribe link” in our marketing emails or contact
support@nextroll.com
.
9. Data retention
Back to top
We retain data for as long as necessary to perform our Services and for the purposes described in this Website Privacy Notice. For example, we may retain:
billing information as necessary to meet audit requirements;
login information to confirm when Customers accepted our Terms of Service; and
information as long as necessary to meet legal requirements, resolve disputes or enforce agreements.
We retain cookie data such as device and browser information, ad data and data collected on our Digital Properties as follows:
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers:
Cookie identifiers we collect expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using our technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses NextRoll Technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by you on your device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History:
We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months (for example, data such as a NextRoll Digital Property you visited or NextRoll ads that you may have clicked).
Personal Data Associated with Advertising Bidding Requests:
Data logged in order to process an advertising bid request we have received from an Advertising Partner (such as cookie identifier, IP address, the domain url requesting to display the ad and browser information) are deleted after 7 days. Data we have logged regarding bids we have placed to display an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisable bid on and the advertisable won or displayed to the visitor) are deleted after 15 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisement:
Data logged for the display of an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, the advertisement won or displayed to you and data indicating whether you clicked on the particular advertisement displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
10. Security
Back to top
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing.
11. International Transfers
Back to top
We may transfer the information we collect about you to countries (including the United States of America) other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of performing  our Services. In general, these countries will be the countries in which we or our service providers operate.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Website Privacy Notice and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
For example, when we transfer your information from a European Territory (as defined below) to our parent company in the United States, we do so under the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. When we transfer your data outside of a European Territory to Advertising Partners (or vice versa), we do so under lawful data export mechanisms which may include Standard Contractual Clauses and Binding Corporate Rules.
12. Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Back to top
Our Legal Basis:
If you are a visitor from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. "European Territories" mean the European Economic Area and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Website Privacy Notice, the term "European Territories" shall continue to include the United Kingdom.
We will typically collect personal data from you based on your consent. For example, when you visit one of our Digital Properties, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie. We also collect personal data where the purpose of processing is based on NextRoll’s legitimate interest, as described in the “vendor” details of the Consent Management Tool presented to you . For example, to administer our platforms and provide our Services and fulfil our contractual obligations as a service provider.
If you have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
European Residents Privacy Rights:
If you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following enhanced rights under EU data protection law:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information, please complete the information on this
webpage
to obtain a verifiable request.
If you wish to
object
to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
portion of this Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.
Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent,
then you can withdraw your consent at any time
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by visiting our
opt-out page
or by refusing consent for NextRoll when you see a Consent Management Tool displayed on websites which lists NextRoll as a vendor.
You have the
right to complain
to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available from the European Data Protection Board
website
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, we encourage you to contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
13. Information For California Residents Only
Back to top
This section supplements the information contained in this Website Privacy Notice and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations. This section is provided to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), and regulations promulgated thereunder as each may be amended from time to time (collectively the “CCPA”).
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
For the purposes of this section “
Services
” shall mean performing advertising and marketing services for NextRoll’s purposes as well as maintaining or servicing NextRoll Customer accounts, providing Customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying Customer information and processing payments.
Information We Collect and the Purposes for Which this Information is Used
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
personal information
”).  This collection of information is listed in
What Data We Collect
.
We set out below the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months who are NextRoll Customers and/or visitors of the NextRoll’s Digital Properties. Personal information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
A.
Identifiers
Yes
Device IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, and your device type, and mobile device's identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.
Directly and indirectly from consumers, third party data providers, ad exchanges, supply-side platforms and Audience Partners. In the case of business email addresses, RollWorks B2B Services may infer a business email address.
B.
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
Name, business address, business telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number or other payment account information.
Directly from consumers and Audience Partners.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
No
-
-
D.
Commercial information
Yes
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers.
E.
Biometric information
No
-
-
F.
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Directly from browsing history on our Digital Properties.
Non-personal information about one of our ads (e.g. the third party who served the ad, and the name of the ad) may be connected with browsing history or activity on our websites for the purposes of determining attribution information (e.g. whether particular ad led to a consumer visiting our website, and, if so, which particular ad campaign).
G.
Geolocation data
Yes
Non-precise geolocation derived from IP address.
Directly from consumers, ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms and Audience Partners.
H.
Sensory data
No
-
-
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
Current or past job history, including details about the employer (industry, name, company location, company domain or URL), and employee (positions held, duration of employment, and office location of the company where the employee worked).
Third party data providers and AudiencePartners.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R Part 99))
No
-
-
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Yes
Creating profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests.
Audience partners.
L.
Sensitive Personal Information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Customers
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected
All data we collect pursuant to this Website Privacy Notice is primarily for the commercial purpose of performing advertising and marketing services for our own purposes as well as maintaining or servicing our Customer accounts, providing Customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information and processing payments. We also use data collected for the following additional business purposes:
Auditing Interactions with Consumers:
count ad impressions and verify the quality of ad impressions served to unique visitors identified by cookie IDor other unique identifier;
Debugging and Repair:
the identification and repair of impairments to intended and existing functionalities in our Services and NextRoll Technology, perform debugging and related activities to repair errors that impair the functionality of our Services;
Security:
to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Internal Research and Development:
conduct internal research for technological development of our Services and demonstration of the performance of these Services; and
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification:
verify the quality or safety of our Services and improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and NextRoll Technology.
For more information on how we use this data, please refer to
How We Use the Data We Collect
.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
NextRoll discloses personal data for business purposes as set out in Purposes for which Personal Information is Collected above. We disclose, or otherwise share as indicated below, the categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as set out in
Data Sharing
.
Sharing and Selling Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared and/or sold the following categories of personal information for the commercial purpose of  of providing cross-context behavioral advertising (known as retargeted or interest based advertising) services:
Category A (Identifiers). By serving ads on digital publisher sites such as news, blogs and weather sites we share and/or sell cookie string data and pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails) from Category A (identifiers) with Advertising Partners and Advertising Partners.
NextRoll does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of minors.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Furthermore, NextRoll processes interest based advertising opt-out preference signals via global privacy controls. To use this method, you must download and enable global privacy controls on a participating browser or browser extension.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of California residents under CCPA and provides information on how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (otherwise known as a data portability request); and
Two separate lists where we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Sales: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability and Right to Correct
), we will delete (and direct our services providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relations with you or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that a business correct inaccurate personal Information that is maintains about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our service providers to do the same) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit the consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our privacy requests
webpage
.
After submitting the request, a form will be sent to the requestor to verify the consumer request.
On the verification from, the requestor must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; and (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will deliver our written response to you electronically unless you indicate delivery to be by mail.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot complete a request, if applicable. Please note that personal information deleted during this period as set out in
Data Retention
will not be provided.
The format of our responses to you concerning personal information collected, disclosed or sold will be provided in a readily usable format that should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information you (or your authorized representative) may visit the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
webpage.
Opt Out Preference Signals
If you are visiting a NextRoll Digital Property, you may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your data by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you do not have an account on the site you are browsing or if you are not logged into your account while browsing, your request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to NextRoll. If you would like us to make the connection between your browser and your account when you send the opt out request or GPC signal, and you have not yet opted out, you can do so here.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
To exercise the right to opt-out of interest-based advertising, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
webpage.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
14. Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Back to top
Exercising Your Consumer Rights.
Several US state privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Consumers in these states can exercise their rights via the methods described above under the headings:in Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability; Right to Deletion; and Right to Correct. To appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, or to contact NextRoll, please view the Contact Us About Questions section.
The Sale of Personal Information and Processing for Targeted Advertising
For information on the sale of your personal information and how to opt out, see
Sales of Personal Information
. NextRoll processes personal information for targeted advertising. See
How We Use the Data We Collect
above. To opt out of targeted advertising, see
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
, or visit the “Privacy Choices” link in the footer of all NextRoll webpages:
15. Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Back to top
Please view NextRoll’s disclosures pursuant to the Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”),
here
.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
Back to top
We may update or modify this Website Privacy Notice at our discretion at any time. When we make changes to this Website Privacy Notice, we will post the updated notice online and update the notice’s effective date. Please review this Website Privacy Notice periodically.
If we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
17. Contact Us About Questions
Back to top
If you have any questions about this Service Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or want to appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, you can contact support@nextroll.com.
If you are located in a European Territory then, where we process your data as a data controller, NextRoll Limited is the data controller of your information. To contact NextRoll Limited please email support@nextroll.com or write to us at the following address:
NextRoll Limited
Attn: Legal
Floor 3, Block 3
Miesian Plaza
Dublin 2, Ireland
D02 Y754
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
or by writing to the following address:
Address:
Lucid Privacy Group
Attention: NextRoll Data Protection Officer
1050 Page Street
San Francisco, CA 94117
USA
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 16
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Sub-policy 17
https://www.accelerationpartners.com/privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 18
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy-policy:
___
Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy
/
Privacy notice
Klaviyo Privacy Notice
Updated December 31, 2024
Thank you for your interest in Klaviyo! This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable (“
personal information
”) is collected, used, disclosed, and otherwise processed by Klaviyo in connection with our services.
When we use the terms “
Klaviyo
”, “
Klaviyo Group
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
” in this Privacy Notice, we are referring to Klaviyo, Inc. and its affiliates. When we use the term “
Service
” or
“Services,”
we are referring to all of the services and product offerings that we offer as a controller, our website
https://www.klaviyo.com/
or any other Klaviyo Group product or service that posts or links to this Privacy Notice.
Klaviyo as a Data Controller
: For purposes of data protection laws, Klaviyo is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected through your use of our Service. This Privacy Notice applies only to instances where Klaviyo acts as a data controller.
Klaviyo as a Data Processor
:
In providing our Service, our customers may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about our customers’ end users (“
Customer Data
”). In such instances, Klaviyo acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), and we have contractually committed ourselves to process Customer Data on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the processing of Customer Data and we recommend you read the privacy notice of the respective customer if their processing concerns your personal information.
Table of Contents
How We Collect Your Personal Information
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising
Control Over Your Information
Privacy Rights
Children
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Australia Residents
Additional Disclosures for California Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
EU, Swiss, and UK Representative
Back to top ⬆︎
1. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you interact with us, we are collecting personal information about you. Sometimes we collect personal information automatically when you interact with our Services and sometimes we collect the personal information directly from you. At times, we may collect personal information about you from third parties.
Personal Information You Provide
We may collect the following personal information you provide in connection with our Service:
Account Creation and Profile Information for a Klaviyo Account
. We may collect personal information that you provide when you register for an account (where available). This information includes your email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead.
Contract Data
. If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us, we may collect your name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
Payment and Transaction Information
. If you sign up for one of our Services requiring payment, we collect the information provided in connection with such payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors to process payments made to us. As such, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice. We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Communications
. When you contact us through any method of communications, including through one of our website “Contact Us”, “Chat” or “Support” functions or you request a demo of the Klaviyo platform, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times.
Newsletter, Marketing Emails, and Blog
.
If you sign up to receive news or alerts from us, or subscribe to our blog, we may collect your email and applicable interests and communication preferences.
Klaviyo Academy
. If you sign up for training sessions via the Klaviyo Academy, we ask for your user’s name, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
Klaviyo Community
. If you wish to participate in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and find resources, insights and further support from other used, you may participate in the Klaviyo Community. In this case we may collect the following data: your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Partner
. If you apply to be a Klaviyo partner, we may collect personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions)
. If you fill out any forms or otherwise provide your information to us in connection with Klaviyo events, surveys, or other promotional events (including contests, sweepstakes, webinars, and trainings), as well as when you provide feedback to us, we may collect your contact information (such as your name, email, and phone number), your organization company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit, interact with, or use our Service and emails. Such information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together “
cookies
”). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Services and also allows us to monitor and analyze how you use and interact with our Services so that we can continue to improve our Services. It also helps us and our partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you.
Specifically, we may collect the following information:
Log Data
:  Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data
:  Including the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: Web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  Including your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data
: If you have an account to use the services we offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, initial marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifiers (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, integrations.
For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
We may also obtain personal information from third parties, which we may combine with personal information we collect either automatically or directly from an individual.
We may receive personal information from the following third parties:
Klaviyo Entities
: We may receive personal information from other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group.
Klaviyo
Business and Marketing Partners
. We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. The information we disclose may include your name, phone number, email address, company name and address, opportunity/interest details of your company, and information on whether your company is a current client of our partner.
Social
Media
: When an individual interacts with us through various social media networks, such as when someone “Likes” us on Facebook or follows us or shares our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other social networks through, for example, the social media buttons embedded into our website, we may receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network. Individuals should always review and, if necessary, adjust their privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
Service
Providers
: Our service providers that perform services solely on our behalf, such as chat services, payout processing, and marketing providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us.
Back to top ⬆︎
2.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support);
Communicate with individuals, including via email, text message, social media and/or telephone and video calls;
Review our business performance;
Market and sell our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call,  text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e., WhatsApp);
Send gifts to you;
Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our client-base;
Process payment for our Services;
Conduct market research;
Opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation;
Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems;
Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business;
Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;
Process and deliver contest and sweepstakes entry and awards; and
Comply with legal obligations.
Back to top ⬆︎
3. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Service Providers
:
We share personal information with third party contractors and service providers, that are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting and maintenance services, technology support providers, email and messaging communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers. Any such service providers will be subject to confidentiality provisions, and be bound to only process the data on our behalf and under our instructions, unless such service providers act as their own controllers (e.g., in the case we seek advice from lawyers and tax consultants).
Klaviyo Group
:
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
Business and Marketing Partners
: We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
Advertising Partners
: We may share certain personal information (including information collected through cookies) with our advertising service providers and vendors in order to advertise our Services to you. For more information on how we collect and share this information, please see the
Online Advertising
section of this Privacy Notice.
Corporate Transaction
:
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, change of control or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Legal Obligations and Rights
:
We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
The Public/Other Klaviyo Community users, when you post content on the Klaviyo Community portion of the website
:
Remember, our websites allow you to connect and interact with others. In that case, your personal data may be visible to others as set out above under “Klaviyo Community”.
With Your Consent
: We may disclose personal information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction. For example, with an individual’s consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our website or service-related publications.
Back to top ⬆︎
4. ONLINE ADVERTISING
We may share (or we may permit these parties to collect) personal information with online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services, including information about your use of our Service over time, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on other websites or apps, or on other devices you may use.  Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including hashed data, clickstream information, browser type, time and date you visited the website and other information.  This information is used to display targeted ads on other websites, apps, or services. We or the online advertising networks use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests. We may also display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google, and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our services while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. For more information on our online practices specifically in relation to cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Back to top ⬆︎
5. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Email Communications
. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Messaging Platforms
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via messaging platforms (such as WhatsApp), including to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by replying STOP in one of our messages.
SMS Text Messaging
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via text message, including (with your consent) to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from marketing text messages at any time by replying STOP or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available) in one of our messages. For more information, please see our
Terms of Service
.
Modifying Account Information
. If you have a Klaviyo service account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information and profile picture) through the “Contact Information” tab in the “Account” section in your Klaviyo account. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support in the support portal through your Klaviyo account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
Back to top ⬆︎
6. PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable privacy law and the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
Right of access and portability
. You may have the right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information.
Right to correction
. You may have the right to require us to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to deletion
. You may have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to opt-out
. You may have the right to opt-out of certain processing activities. For example, you may have the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, or the “sale” of your personal information to third parties in certain contexts. You may also have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes. Please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our services to you.
Right to exercise control over sensitive personal information
.
You may have the right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive personal information.
Right to non-retaliation
. You may have the right to be free from retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described above.
To exercise your rights
:
please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a jurisdiction that offers such right(s). In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request. Please note that notwithstanding any exercise of your rights described above by you, we may continue to collect, use, disclose or process your personal information where we are permitted or required to do so by law or requested or ordered to be do so by relevant authorities or law enforcement agencies.
To exercise your right to opt-out
: please submit a request, as follows:
Opt-out of targeted advertising (cookies opt-out), please use our cookie management tool:
Cookie Management Tool
Opt-out of data “sales”, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Unless you have exercised your right to opt-out, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or use your information for all the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including for targeted advertising. The third parties to whom we sell or disclose personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your right to opt-out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems. We may not process your request if we, in good faith, believe that the request is fraudulent. In such instances, we will send a notice to the requestor explaining our decision.
Back to top ⬆︎
7. CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
8. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain integrations or links to third party websites or services, including those of our business partners. By interacting with these third parties, you are providing information directly to the third party and not Klaviyo. Please note that Klaviyo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices and online terms of those third parties to learn more about how they handle your personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by adequately informing you via your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
Back to top ⬆︎
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Back to top ⬆︎
11. REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
This Privacy Notice is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Service, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you:
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS
These additional disclosures for Australian residents (“
Australian Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and applies solely to individuals in Australia (“
you
”).
These Australian Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individuals in Australia, either online or offline, within the Australian
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (“
APPs
”) found in Schedule 1 of the
Privacy Act
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these Australian Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the
Privacy Act
.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Australian Disclosures notice, we mean information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion:
is true or not; and
is recorded in a material form or not.
A. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The various ways in which your personal information is collected are described in Section 1 of our Privacy Notice, We may also collect your personal information if we record any phone calls or video calls (with your permission) between you and Klaviyo.
B. OVERSEAS TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information may be transferred to and stored in locations outside Australia where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located and the United Kingdom.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo to a location outside Australia, we ensure that: (i) personal information is transferred to countries recognized as having an equivalent level of privacy protection to Australia; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as contractual obligations.
C. STORING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
D. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have various rights under the APPs.
Right to access and request
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction of your personal information held by Klaviyo. You can exercise these rights by contacting our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable time. If your request is refused, you will be provided with written reasons for the refusal and information about the mechanisms you can use to complain about the refusal.
Right to complain
You also have a right to make a privacy complaint to our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Our Privacy Officer will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint. Our Privacy Officer will endeavor to complete the investigation into your complaint promptly. You may be asked to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking. Our Privacy Officer will then typically gather relevant facts, locate, and review relevant documents, and speak with individuals involved.
In most cases, our Privacy Officer will investigate and provide a written response to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint. If the matter is more complex or the investigation may take longer, our Privacy Officer will let you know.
If you are not satisfied with Klaviyo’s response to your complaint, a complaint may be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992 or by using the contact details on the website
www.oaic.gov.au
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
These additional disclosures for California residents (“
CA Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California (“
consumers
” or “
you
”).
These CA Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “
CCPA
”)
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this CA Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
A. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described in the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
and
How We Use Your Personal Information
sections of the
Privacy Notice
.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
. In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your first, middle and last name, email address, username, or other similar identifiers;
CA Customer Categories
, such as your name, phone number, and postal address;
Commercial Information
, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered;
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
Geolocation Data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information;
Sensory Information
, such as recordings of any phone calls or video calls (with your permission, as applicable) between you and Klaviyo;
Professional/Employment Information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information and other details contained in your resume;
Inferences
about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites; and
Other Personal Information
, including information you submit into the feedback form and any communications between you and Klaviyo, as well as information we receive from social networking sites.
We collect this information from the following sources: directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our App or use our Services, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us. Please see the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice for more information about the sources of personal information we collect.
B. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with third parties for business purposes. The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service providers and advisors; (iii) analytics providers; (iv) marketing and strategic partners; and (v) social networks.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we collect, explained in the
Collection and Use of Personal Information
section of these CA Disclosures, to third parties for a business purpose, as describe the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
C. SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As further described in the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice, we may “sell” or “share” your personal information (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales or sharing (see
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out
below).
In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out: Identifiers, such as your name and email address, CA Customer Categories, such as your name and phone number, and Commercial Information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or share the personal information include:
Business and Marketing Partners
Online Advertising Networks and Analytics Providers
Social Networks
We may also disclose personal information to third parties at your direction or upon your request, in connection with a corporate business transaction, or to comply with legal or contractual obligations, as described in our Privacy Notice.
D. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information that we have collected about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Access/Know
You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
• The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of sources of the personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
• The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
• The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Correction
You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to certain purposes, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Control Over Automated Decision-Making / Profiling
You have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes.
The Right to Non-Retaliation
You have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
“Shine the Light”
California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law, or the right to opt out of such practices (Civ. Code §1798.83).
E. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Exercise Your Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, and Right to Deletion
To exercise your
Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, or your Right to Deletion
: please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone number, and/or date of last transaction on our Services.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising
Unless you have exercised your
Right to Opt-Out
, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. The third parties to whom we sell or share personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt-Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of personal information “sales,” you may submit a request by clicking the link below:
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences, geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud detection and reporting and may sell or share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. To learn more about how third parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to those activities, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (targeted advertising), you may submit a request by clicking on the following link to be added to our suppression list:
Cookie Settings
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise your California Privacy Rights on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has permission to submit a request on your behalf or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
“Shine the Light” Disclosures
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out of this type of sharing, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Notice of Financial Incentives
In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale, retention, and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i.e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms. We may add or change incentive programs, and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above, so check them regularly.
Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty. We calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Minors
We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please contact us at
privacy@klaviyo.com
to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To opt out of this kind of future sales, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM, AND SWITZERLAND
Klaviyo Group maintains operations in Europe and may direct our services to individuals located in the EEA, UK and Switzerland. In these instances, the following additional disclosures apply to our processing of personal data.
When we use the term “
personal data
” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
CONTROLLERS
Klaviyo, Inc. is the controller of your personal data.
In addition, Klaviyo Ltd and Klaviyo Ireland Limited are jointly responsible to process your personal data for the following reasons: perform our contractual services, as further described below.
A. LEGAL BASES FOR THE PROCESSING
We use your personal data based on the following legal grounds according to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “
EU GDPR
”) or, where applicable, the “
UK GDPR
” as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 GDPR:
Category of Data Subject
Personal Data Processed
Purposes of Processing
Legal Basis for Processing
• Customers, where the customer is a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead
Account creation and profile information for a Klaviyo account
• Performance of a contract
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
• If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us
• Deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support)
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Processing payments for the Services
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times, applicable marketing interests and communication preferences
• Communications with customers and users of Klaviyo.
• Marketing and Sales of our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call, text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e. WhatsApp)
• To send gifts to you
• Conduct marketing research
• Opportunity tracking, conversion, and lead generation
• Legitimate interest to communicate with and market to customers
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your username, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
To facilitate joining and administration of the Klaviyo Academy
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Academy to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Community – to facilitate participation in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and as required to administer the Klaviyo Community.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Community to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
• Participation in the Klaviyo Partner program.
• To process your application to become a Klaviyo Partner and to administer the Klaviyo Partner program.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Partner program to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email, and phone number), your company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions).
• Legitimate interest in communicating with customers and users and administering promotions to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Log Data
: your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data:
the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data:
If you have an account to use the services we may offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, internal marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifies (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, and integrations
• Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our Customer base
• Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business
• Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties
• Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity
• Review our business performance
• Legitimate interest in enhancing and improving the Klaviyo Services
• Consent
• Performance of a Contract
• Comply with Legal Obligations
B. HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will usually store the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes as set above, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Contract
.
Where we are processing personal data is based on contract, we generally will retain your personal data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from our contractual relationship.
Legitimate Interests
.
Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account your fundamental interests and your rights and freedoms.
Consent
.
Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain your personal data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfil the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal data.
Legal Obligation
.
Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain your personal data for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation.
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim or intent to establish a claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data.
C. MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our Services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email or via messaging platform. For some marketing messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
We may send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so or where we have relied on the soft opt-in rule (where applicable).  If you wish to unsubscribe from such communication, please see the details set out above under “Control over Your Information”.
D. STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Security
. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
International Transfers of your Personal data
. The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “
Contact Us
” section of the Privacy Notice.
E. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right to deletion
. You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain certain information about our processing of your personal data which includes:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay, such as if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal data. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests. There may be compelling reasons for us continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason at any time
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the EU, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in:
the UK, your local data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
Switzerland, your local data protection authorities is the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
Ireland, your local data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission (
https://www.dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request Form
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing, we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights to verify your identity.
12. EU-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-US DPF, AND THE SWISS-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK PRINCIPLES
Klaviyo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Klaviyo’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In the context of an onward transfer, Klaviyo has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the EU-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Klaviyo shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Klaviyo proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S DPF Principles, Klaviyo commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the EU-U.S DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S Data Privacy Framework Principles. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact:
Privacy@klaviyo.com
Klaviyo has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework program to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
here
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles,
here
.
13.  CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about how Klaviyo uses your personal data, you can contact us:
Directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Via our appointed EU Representative, the European Data Protection Office (“
EDPO
”), by contacting the EDPO
on their online webform at:
Ireland (EU GDPR):
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
UK GDPR:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
Swiss FADP:
https://edpo.com/swiss-data-request/
by mail at the applicable address set forth below:
Ireland (EU):
EDPO
Ground Floor
71 Lower Baggot Street
Dublin D02 P593
IRELAND
United Kingdom:
EDPO UK
8 Northumberland Avenue
London WC2N 5BY
UNITED KINGDOM
Switzerland:
EDPO Switzerland
Rue de Lausanne 37
1201 Geneva
SWITZERLAND
Back to top ⬆︎
Previous versions:
October 10, 2023
June 29, 2023
December 9, 2022
December 30, 2019
Sub-policy 19
https://www.cj.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Careers
Contact Us
Login
Login
Get Started
Platform
Our Approach and Tech Innovations
Our futureproof platform adapts to leverage new opportunities in the industry.
Integration Partners and Tools
We unlock continuing innovation by partnering with leaders in tech and data.
Solutions
CJ Affiliate
Grow one connection at a time, at scale.
CJ Influence
Make your message count for more.
CJ Leads
Find and reach your missing markets.
CJ Marketplaces
Amplify your Amazon success, your way.
Partnerships
Advertiser
Achieve sustained growth and reach your target audience.
Publisher
Connect with the brands you know and love all in one place.
Agency
Working hand in hand to help drive client growth, advocacy, and retention.
Influencer
Earn seamlessly while promoting the products and services you enjoy.
Fintech Publishers
Begin partnering with renowned Fintech brands.
Resources
Case Studies
Brand success with our powerful solutions.
What is Affiliate?
Industry insights from decades of leadership.
CJU
Our annual client conference welcomes the industry to Santa Barbara.
Blog
Trends and best practices in affiliate and performance marketing.
Events
Where we’ll be. Join us!
About Us
Oops!
The page you're looking for no longer exists. Where would you like to go?
North America:
US Homepage
US Junction
CJ University
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary
Targeting
Performance
Functional
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may find further information about exercising your California consumer rights by visiting our privacy notice.
Performance
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 20
https://www.thehotelsnetwork.com/privacy-policy:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
4
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x3]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
The Hotels Network
3
Learn more about this provider
cookietest [x3]
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box.
blog.thehotelsnetwork.com
f.hubspotusercontent20.net
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
hubspotusercontent.com
hubspotusercontent-na1.net
hubspotvideo.com
t.co
vimeo.com
www.frommers.com
22
__cf_bm [x22]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
blog.thehotelsnetwork.com
hsforms.com
medium.com
vimeo.com
6
_cfuvid [x6]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Hotjar
3
Learn more about this provider
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
The Hotels Network
4
Learn more about this provider
thn#agent [x3]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
thn_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
4
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
5
Learn more about this provider
__hmpl [x2]
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Microsoft
8
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Twitter Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
YouTube
34
Learn more about this provider
#-# [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Unclassified
3
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Breezy
1
Learn more about this provider
embed_source
Pending
Cloudflare
1
Learn more about this provider
cf.turnstile.u
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
Cross-domain consent
3
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
blog.thehotelsnetwork.com
info.thehotelsnetwork.com
thehotelsnetwork.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/23/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
About
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Allow all
Customize
Allow selection
Deny
Growth for your direct channel
Attract, engage and convert visitors throughout the online booking journey by using predictive personalization to offer each guest a unique user experience.
Request a live demo
Trusted by 20,000+ hotels worldwide
An ecosystem of growth tools that increase
conversions and ADR
State-of-the-art software and marketing, for every hotel
BenchDirect™
Benchmark
the key metrics of your direct booking channel
Popular features:
Multiple dynamic competitive sets
Real-time interactive analytics
Direct Booking Index™ (DBI)
Learn more
Conversion & Personalization
Personalize the website experience
so more visitors book direct
Popular features:
Price Comparison
Behavioral Targeting
A/B Testing
Learn more
Predictive Personalization
The world's 1st predictive algorithm
for hotels
Popular features:
Hospitality-specific Algorithms
Intent-based Targeting
Automated Campaigns
Learn more
SafeDirect
Boost direct revenue by gifting
travel assistance insurance
Popular features:
All-in-one solution
Multi-language assistance
Fully managed by THN
Learn more
Demand
Drive
qualified traffic
to your website effortlessly
Popular features:
Fully-managed service
Metasearch, SEM & Display
Predictive audiences using AI
Learn more
The data proves immediate results
There’s no learning curve or warm up period: see conversion rates and bookings increase from day one, live on a beautiful dashboard.
0
%
Average increase in bookings
0x
Return On Investment
THN Team
THN Client Hotels
We are boosting direct bookings worldwide
0+
Countries
3,500+
Hotels
Read client stories
Extremely fast installation
Installation is super simple: just add a line of code to your current website, no surgery required. It takes your IT person 10 minutes to have it up and running.
Our product works on any website for any hotel, no matter who your technology provider is. We integrate with your existing solution and improve it.
Request a live demo
There’s no risk. If you like what you see, you can try our software for free for 30 days and from day one you will be able to observe how your direct channel starts growing.