Home
Features
Pricing
Questions
What's New
Contact
Account
Your privacy is very important to us. At Appilix we have a few fundamental principles that we follow:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site.
Appilix may operate several websites in the future including
"appilix.com"
. It is Appilix’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Appilix collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Appilix’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Appilix’s visitors and users use its website.
Appilix also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Other identifying information such as Name, Email Address, Phone Number are collected from Customers to manage their product licenses.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Appilix’s websites choose to interact with Appilix in ways that require Appilix to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Appilix gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, those who wish to receive Appilix's updates via email, we collect their emails. In each case, Appilix collects such information only as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Appilix. Appilix does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described.
Aggregated Statistics
Appilix may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Appilix may monitor the most popular pages on the Appilix.com site. Appilix may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Appilix does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Appilix uses cookies to help Appilix identify and track visitors, their usage on Appilix's website, and their website access preferences. Appilix visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Appilix’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Appilix’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Usage Tracking
Appilix collects certain information through usage tracking. The purpose of usage tracking helps Appilix to better understand our users and their app needs by looking at a range of variables. This information allows us to continuously improve our service as well as our Q&A / testing process. The information may include your website address, app creation dates, app settings and others to help us make sure our features and updates get tested in situations that closely match our customers' preference and Appilix usage.
Our usage tracking includes collecting information as to the website address, locale, timezone, whether SSL enabled, or app users' device information. In addition, the usage tracking includes determining your website hosting information in order to help us make sure our testing procedures have proper coverage to avoid compatibility issues, and determining the server software, which is used for testing purposes.
Business Transfers
If Appilix, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Appilix goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Appilix may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most relevant to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Appilix and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Appilix may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Appilix’s sole discretion. Appilix encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us:
By Email:
support@appilix.com
By Contact Page:
https://appilix.com/contact-us
Ferdousur
from
Dhaka, Bangladesh
Just Purchased
Android Lifetime
Plan
9 hours ago
Subscribe Now