⇠ Blissum
Apps ⇢
Blissum - Privacy Policy
Effective date: 2023-09-01
Introduction
Welcome to Actondon UG ("we", "our" or "us").
Thank you for choosing to use Blissum (the "App"). We are committed to protecting your personal
		information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy,
		or our practices with regards to your personal information, please
contact us.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our App, and/or any related
		services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as
		the "Services").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you understand what we do with the
		information that we collect.
Information We Collect
We do not collect any personal information or any other information that results from your usage
		of the App or our website. The App does not require any permissions to access your device's
		functionalities, and we do not use any third-party services that may collect information used to
		identify you.
How We Use Your Information
Since we do not collect any information, we do not use or share your information in any way.
Will Your Information Be Shared With Anyone?
We do not collect, therefore, do not share any information.
Do We Use Cookies?
We do not use cookies or similar tracking technologies to collect or store any information.
Do We Collect Information From Minors?
We do not collect any information from anyone, including minors under the age of 13.
Your Privacy Rights
Since we do not collect any personal information, there are no privacy rights to be exercised.
Controls for Do-Not-Track Features
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a
		Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not
		to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. Since we do not
		collect any data, enabling or disabling DNT will have no effect on your privacy.
Do California Residents Have Specific Privacy Rights?
Since we do not collect any personal information, there are no specific privacy rights for
		California residents.
Do We Make Updates To This Policy?
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an
		updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If
		we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting
		a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review
		this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How Can You Contact Us About This Policy?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may
contact us.