Privacy policyLast updated August 7, 2022This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures on how we collects and processes your information.
Privacy and information protection are core principles on which we have MyTonWallet (here and after — Application). This Privacy Policy sets out our current policies and commitment to information protection and privacy. According to this, we aim to collect and process only information strictly necessary for our relationship with customers, partners, users of our Application, in order to provide our services.
We make our Privacy Policy available in our Application in its most recent version. Please review it carefully. By accessing and / or using the Application, you acknowledge and confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By downloading and using the Application and any services provided by us, you affirm that you are an individual, at least 18 years of age or older, have the capacity to enter into this Privacy Policy and agree that you have read, understood, and accept all of the terms and conditions contained herein.
Information we collect
As MyTonWallet is a non-custodial cryptocurrency wallet, we do not have customer accounts. We do not require you to provide your personal data to us to use the Application. We will never ask you to share your private keys or wallet seed. Never trust anyone or any site that asks you to enter your private keys or wallet seed. It is important to note that your blockchain transactions may be relayed through servers or nodes and will be publicly visible due to the public nature of distributed ledger systems.
We may collect limited information about you from your devices or from various sources, as described below.
Information You Give Us.
We may collect some personal information from you when you communicate with us, including your contact information, such as your name, email address or phone number (depending on how you contact us).
Information Automatically Collected.
We may automatically collect information about you and your devices when you use the Application, including: (i) information you create through the Application, such as public wallet addresses; (ii) the IP address of the device you use to access the Application; (iii) the type of browser software you are using; (iv) the operating system you are using; (v) the date and time you access or use the Application; and (vi) other non-personally identifiable information.
How we use the information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To enable you to access and use the Application, and to process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
To understand and analyze how you use our Application and develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
To communicate with you about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us.
For marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you.
To personalize your experience of the Application such as identifying you as a repeat visitor.
To facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications.
In order to optimize your user experience, we may use your information to operate, maintain, and improve our Application.
To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our terms of use or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
To contract with third-party API providers, including providing customer service, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services.
Sharing the information
We do not share the information that you provide us with other organizations without your express consent, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates (i.e. our family of companies that are related by common ownership or control) for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers.
We may share the information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
Analytics Partners.
We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services also may collect information about your use of other websites and online resources.
Compliance with Laws.
We may share the information for legal, protection, and safety purposes. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable laws; (ii) respond to law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; or (iii) protect our rights, property, and safety, our employees, agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
Service Providers.
We may share information with those who need it to do work for us. These recipients may include third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the service on our behalf, as well as lawyers, bankers and auditors.
Consent.
You may permit us to share your information with other companies or entities of your choosing. Those uses will be subject to the privacy policies of the recipient entity or entities.
Your rights
You have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out.
You may contact us anytime to opt-out of any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your information. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent. Please note that your use of parts of our Application may be ineffective upon opt-out. You may unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt out of receiving marketing and promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
Access.
Provide you with information about our processing of your information and give you access to your information.
Amend.
You may update or correct any inaccuracies in your information by contacting us.
Restrict.
Restrict the processing of your information.
Object.
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your information that impacts your rights.
Retention period
We will only retain your information as long as reasonably required for us to provide the requested customer support and inquiry services. If you delete uninstall the Application from your device or request that your information be deleted, we still may retain some information that you have provided to us to maintain our Application or to comply with relevant laws.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect your information. Even with all these precautions, we cannot fully guarantee against the access, disclosure, alteration, or deletion of data through events, including but not limited to hardware or software failure or unauthorized use. Any information that you provide to us is done so entirely at your own risk. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us of the problem.
Third party services
Our Application may contain links or API connections to other websites, products, or services such as
https://ton.org
or similar that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy and confidentiality practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party API providers or any information you disclose to these third parties. We recommend you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Changes and updates to privacy policy
We reserve the right to update and revise this Privacy Policy at any time. We occasionally review this Privacy Policy to make sure it complies with applicable laws and conforms to changes in our business. We may need to update this Privacy Policy, and we reserve the right to do so at any time. If we do revise this Privacy Policy, we will update the effective date at the top of this page so that you can tell if it has changed since your last visit and will do our best to notify you. Please review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms. Any use of the Application after an amendment to our Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance to the revised or amended agreement.