Privacy Notice
PRIVACY POLICY
At FRESHR, protecting your personal data is our priority.
When you use the application AI Voicer (the "
Application
"), we may collect personal data about you.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you about how we process your personal data in compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereinafter the "
GDPR
").
Who is the data controller?
The data controller is FRESHR, joint stock company, registered with the Registry of Trade and Companies of Rouen, under the number 832 905 327 and whose head office is located at 27 Rue Alfred Kastler, Mont Saint Aignan, 76130, France (“
Us
” or “
We
”).
What personal data we collect?
Personal data is a data that identifies an individual directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name.
We may collect the following personal data:
Identification data
(full name, birth date, gender, telephone number associated to a user number, your photo, contact names, contact phone number);
Data relating to your preferences and tastes
(depending on what you tell us);
Data relating to your credits orders
;
Browsing data
(IP address, device information (IDFA), browser type and settings, operating system, and information about your activity in the application (such as timestamps associated with your use, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take, such as features you use), information about one-time events on the device (such as system activity, error reports and hardware settings);
Any information you wish to send us as part of your contact request.
For Ambassadors only
:
Data relating to your professional experiences
(university name, experience in marketing and/or communication, LinkedIn URL).
We inform you, when collecting your personal data, whether some of these data are mandatory or optional.
On what legal basis, for what purposes and for how long do we keep your personal data?
Objectives
Legal basis
Data retention period
To provide you with our services available on our Application
Performance of a contract to which you are party and/or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
All personal data associated to your user number are retained for as long as you use the services. If you are not using the services for 2 years, we will delete all personal data. 

In addition, personal data may be archived for probationary purposes for a period of 5 years.
To propose our Ambassador’s program to our users
Performance of a contract to which you are party and/or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
Personal data are retained for the duration of our business relationship. 


In addition, personal data may be archived for probationary purposes for a period of 5 years.
To perform operations related to contracts, orders, invoices, and customer relationship management
Performance of a contract to which you are party
Personal data are retained for the duration of our business relationship. 


In addition, the data relating to your transactions (with the exception of your banking data) are archived for probationary purposes for a period of 5 years. 


The data related to your credit card is exclusively processed by Apple.
To create a database of customers and prospects
Our legitimate interest in developing and promoting our business
For our customers: their personal data are retained for the duration of our business relationship.


For our prospects: their personal data are retained for a period of 3 years starting from the last contact with us (e.g. communication, action).
To send newsletters, requests and direct marketing mailings
For our customers: our legitimate interest in winning customer loyalty and informing our customers of our latest news


For our prospects: your consent
Personal data are retained for a period of 3 years starting from the last contact with us (e.g. communication, action) or until you withdraw your consent.
To answer to your information request and other inquiries
Our legitimate interest in responding to your inquiries
Personal data are retained during the processing of your request and is deleted once the request has been processed.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Legal and regulatory obligations
Invoices are archived for a period of 10 years.


In addition, the data relating to your transactions (with the exception of your banking data) are archived for probationary purposes for a period of 5 years.
To organize contests and promotional operations
Our legitimate interest in winning clientele loyalty and offering them gifts
The personal data is kept for the duration of the contests or promotional operations and may be archived for 5 years for evidential purposes.
To elaborate analytics (audience, navigation, preferences)
Your consent
The personal data are retained by our analytics tool for 25 months.
To process data subjects’ requests to exercise their rights
Our legitimate interest in responding to your requests and keeping records of them
If you exercise your right to object to direct marketing: we keep this information for 3 years.
Who are the recipients of your personal data?
The following categories of recipients will have access to your personal data:
The staff of our company;
Our processors: hosting provider, CRM tool, newsletter tool, mailing provider, audience measurement and analytics tool, billing tool, form tools, ai voice creation provider;
If applicable: public and private organizations, exclusively to comply with our legal obligations.
Business transfers : We may share or transfer personal data in connection with or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Are your personal data likely to be transferred outside the European Union?
Your personal data is hosted for the duration of the processing on the servers of the company Amazon Web Services Inc, located in the European Union.
As part of the tools, we use (see article on the recipients of your personal data, especially our processors), your personal data may be transferred outside the European Union. The transfer of your personal data in this context is secured with the use of following safeguards:
Either personal data are transferred to a country that has been recognized as ensuring an adequate level of protection by a decision of the European Commission, in accordance with article 45 of the GDPR: in this case, this country ensures a level of protection deemed sufficient and adequate to the provisions of the GDPR; or
The personal data are transferred to a country whose level of data protection has not been recognized as adequate to the GDPR: in this case these transfers are based on appropriate safeguards indicated in article 46 of the GDPR, adapted to each provider, including but not limited the execution of Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, the application of Binding Corporate Rules or an approved certification mechanism; or
The personal data are transferred under any appropriate safeguards described in Chapter V of the GDPR.
What rights can you exercise on your personal data?
You have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Right to be informed
: this is precisely why we have drafted this privacy policy as defined by articles 13 and 14 of the GDPR.
Right of access
: you have the right to access all your personal data at any time as defined by article 15 of the GDPR.
Right to rectification
: you have the right to rectify your inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete personal data at any time as defined by article 16 of the GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
: you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases defined in article 18 of the GDPR.
Right to erasure
(“right to be forgotten”): you have the right to request that your personal data be deleted and to prohibit any future collection as defined by article 17 of the GDPR.
Right to file a complaint to a competent supervisory authority
(in France, the CNIL), under article 77 of the GDPR, if you consider that the processing of your personal data constitutes a breach of applicable regulations.
Right to define instructions related to the retention, deletion and communication of your personal data after your death
.
Right to withdraw your consent at any time
: for purposes based on consent, Article 7 of the GDPR provides that you may withdraw your consent at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before the withdrawal.
Right to data portability
: under specific conditions defined in article 20 of the GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us in a standard machine-readable format and to require their transfer to the recipient of your choice.
Right to object
: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data as defined by article 21 of the GDPR. Please note that we may continue to process your personal data despite this opposition for legitimate reasons or for the defense of legal claims.
You can exercise these rights by writing us using the contact details below. For this matter we may ask you to provide us with additional information or documents to prove your identity.
Contact information for data privacy matters
Contact email: d@theunderdogs.app
Contact address:
Freshr SAS
27 Rue Aldred Kastler
Mont Saint Aignan, Seine-Maritime 76130
France
Cookies
When using the Application, cookies, pixels, tags and other trackers (the “
Cookies
”) are installed on your terminal.
A cookie is a small file, often encrypted, that is stored in your browser or device and is identified by a name. It is installed when you visit a website or application. Each time you return to the said website or application, the Cookie is retrieved from your browser or device. This ensures that each time you visit the website or application, the browser is recognized.
The installation of these Cookies is likely to enable us to access your browsing data and/or personal data concerning you. We use Amplitude as our analytics tool for product intelligence to ensure a better experience when using the Application.
Some cookies do not require your consent, such a technical or functional Cookies that are necessary for the operation of the Application or certain Cookies for audience measurement or Cookies that enable to test different versions of Application for the purpose of optimising editorial choices.
Other Cookies require your consent. You may freely choose to accept or decline the use of these Cookies. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Application.
Modifications
We may modify this privacy policy at any time, in particular in order to comply with any regulatory, jurisprudential, editorial or technical change. These modifications will apply on the date of entry into force of the modified version. Please regularly consult the latest version of this privacy policy. You will be kept posted of any significant change of the privacy policy.
Entry into force 15/09/2023