Extreme Heights Privacy policy
Welcome to Extreme Heights privacy policy page.This privacy policy page describe which kind of detail we collect , Why we collect information , What is used for that data , how we make secure your data? That all kind information you can read from this privacy policy. We provide complete detail about policy and at regular interval we will update this page.So, visit and read this policy carefully.
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect or gather any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade any application, your personal information like your first name and last name, physical addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device. We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
1. Your prior permission.
2. By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.
3. By requests from public and governmental authorities.
4. To protect our legal rights and interests.
Permission in this Application:
CAMERA
: This permission used for taking photo from camera.
INTERNET
: This permission is used for check internet connection is on or off.
READ_PHONE_STATE
: This permission allows to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
:  This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
: This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
INSTALL_SHORTCUT
:This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use related functions.
UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT
: This permission allows to delete the shortcuts created by in other Android launchers.
VIBRATE
: This permission allows to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
: This permission is used for modify in image from sd card.
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
: This permission is used for to read or to see data which available in sd card.
SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW
: This permission used for alert box show in application.
PROTECTION YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all members and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the team.
Third Parties Sites
We use Google Admob SDK for advertisements in our applications. Remember, there could be errors in the programming, and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.carry advertisements from other companies.
PROTECTION YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all members and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the team.
Children
We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under 13, you may use our website when you are with a parent or guardian.We do not provide service focus on Children.
Update Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at photoeditor369@gmail.com
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it