Privacy policy
Introduction
The protection of your privacy is important to Ink (Clothing) Limited t/a juicycouture.co.uk, Company No. 02832312, registered office address: Unit 1, Colonial Business Park, Colonial Way, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD24 4PR, United Kingdom. This statement discloses the personal data practices of JuicyCouture.co.uk, including what type of data we may collect, process and hold, how it is used and with whom the data is shared. It also explains how you can contact us if you have any queries or concerns about your personal data.
This Privacy Statement is applicable to personal data collected and processed by JuicyCouture.co.uk. In order to help you understand how we will use the personal data you provide, the following guidelines have been created.
Our reasons for collecting and processing personal data
In general, it is possible to access our sites without supplying any personal data. The reasons and ways that we will collect and process your personal data online are the following:
Making an online purchase on our website
Your personal data will be collected and processed in order to perform our contractual obligations and best provide the services you might request, for instance: supplying our goods and/or processing the transactions. Personal data collected at this point and stored by JuicyCouture.co.uk includes: full name, email address, telephone number, billing address, delivery address, and payment type. In addition to this, the following personal data will be collected and stored by the payment provider, being either Shopify Payments or PayPal: full name, email address, telephone number, billing address, delivery address, payment type, payment card details.
Your email address and telephone number will not be used to send you marketing emails or text messages unless you have specifically consented to this, for example, by entering your email and/or telephone number in the Subscribe box on our website.
Website Cookies
Please refer to our Cookie Policy below for more information about what data we collect via cookies. Our Cookies Policy also explains how you can disable and how to delete any cookies we currently store for you.
Personal data storage, disclosure and security
The personal data collected by JuicyCouture.co.uk may be transferred, stored and processed fairly and lawfully inside or outside the European Union but only in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. Ink (Clothing) Limited t/a JuicyCouture.co.uk employ security measures to protect your Personal Data from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. However, we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of these safeguards, and nothing in this notice shall be construed as an express or implied warranty against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Service providers who might have access to your personal data in order to provide services on our behalf will be contractually obliged to keep such data in confidence, implement adequate data security measures, and may not use that personal data for any other purpose.
We will retain your personal data for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires and as indicated in the data retention section of this policy.
Mobile Terms of Service
Last updated: Dec. 16, 2022
The Juicy Couture mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by Juicy Couture (“Juicy Couture”, “we”, or “us”). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
By consenting to Juicy Couture’s SMS/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring SMS/text messages from and on behalf of Juicy Couture through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. Service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). Promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders).
You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with Juicy Couture. Your participation in this program is completely voluntary.
We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. You are solely responsible for all charges related to SMS/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider.
You may opt-out of the Service at any time. Text the single keyword command STOP to Juicy or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. If you have subscribed to other Juicy Couture mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms.
For Service support or assistance, text HELP to Juicy or email
service@juicycouture.co.uk
.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
We respect your right to privacy. To see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
Your consent
By submitting your personal data, you consent to the use of that data as set out in this policy.
Your data protection rights
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by getting in touch with our Customer Services Team.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data and ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data. Please contact us by emailing service@juicycouture.co.uk to exercise these rights.
Similarly, if we have collected or processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We will respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with the GDPR and other relevant data protection laws.
Data retention
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of Personal Data in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our databases. We retain personal data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate need to do so, for instance:
- to provide you with the product or service you have requested us to provide;
- to perform our contractual obligations to you;
- to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements;
- to defend or manage any claims or complaints between us, you and relevant third party including taking legal advice in respect of any claims in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights or such claims.
When we have no ongoing need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it, or if this is not possible (for instance because your personal data has been stored in backup archives) then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Governing Law
Access to and use of the website as well as the Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the UK law. You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use of this Website to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of United Kingdom.
Updates to this Notice
If Ink (Clothing) Limited t/a JuicyCouture.co.uk changes its privacy policy it will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the personal data it collects and how it uses it at all times. Please note that continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Last updated May 2022
COOKIE POLICY
Introduction
We, Ink (Clothing) Limited t/a JuicyCouture.co.uk, use cookies and tracking technologies on our website (juicycouture.co.uk). By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies and the tracking technologies in place.
With this Cookies Policy we would like to give you as much information as possible (and as clear as possible) on what cookies are, how we use them, how third-parties we partner with use cookies on our website and your options regarding cookies.
We are legally obligated to inform you that our website uses cookies and we are required to gain your consent - that’s the law. We do this via a pop-up message which appears when you visit our website for the first time. After you click the “accept” button on the pop-up, we place a cookie on your device and that’s how we know that you have acknowledged the cookie policy…and that’s how the website knows not to show it to you again. This is a great example of how cookies work in real life!
What are cookies?
Regrettably, these are not the kind of cookies that we can eat! Cookies, also known as browser cookies/tracking cookies, are small, often encrypted text files, located in your web browser’s directory.
A cookie file is normally stored on your device and allows our website and our third-party partners to recognise you, your preferences so we can make your browsing experience more personalised. It enables us to serve tailored ads and gives us analytical data on how you use our website including which pages you visit, which products you look at and where you like to spend most of your time on our website. This helps us invest in the right products, creatives and so we can try our best to serve you a relevant content to your liking. We also use tracking technologies to decide what products and offers to show you on the third party advertising networks that we work with.
How does our website use cookies?
When you use and access our website, we may place a number of cookies in the web browser of your device.
This enables certain functions of our website and provides analytical data for our marketing team to make personalised ads and content for you. It also helps us store your personal preferences for your convenience.
What are third-party cookies?
In order to give you a great browsing and shopping experience, and help our marketing, content and our product team, we partner with trusted software companies which deliver services that require the use of cookies. It’s important to mention that we do not have a direct control over these cookies but their websites have very detailed information on what these cookies are and the way they work. These are, for example, advertising networks, such as Google and Facebook, or other analytical service providers such as Google Analytics and Hotjar. We use Shopify to power our website, the software which holds all our product information, pictures, banners, personal data and takes care of all our payments – Shopify places number of important cookies on your device to function properly.
Below is the list full list of all third parties which use cookies on our website:
- Shopify (the mothership of our website)
- Google Analytics (tells us about everything you do on our website)
- Klaviyo (collects emails, sends you reminders if you forget products in your cart and sends you tailored offers by email as long as you are a subscribed member)
- Microsoft Clarity (shows us everything that our customers do on our website anonymously, so don’t worry, we will never know who was the person that looked at the BRITNEY bodysuit for 2 hours)
- Intent.ly (takes care of our popups)
- Google (lets you reach us, lets us reach you)
- Facebook (lets us show you ads on Facebook and Instagram)
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here.
Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna's privacy policy.
What are your options regarding cookies, can you live without them?
Of course! If you’d like to delete your cookies or set up your web browser to delete or reject the use of cookies, you can do this from the settings of your browser. Normally, this information is available in the help section of most browsers.
It is, however, important to note that if you remove the cookies from your device or refuse to accept them, you may not be able to use the full range of features and services we offer, some of the pages may not display correctly and you may not be able to save your personal preferences. And sadly, we wouldn’t be able to serve you tailored content or ads.
Where can you find more information about cookies?
There are a lot of amazing website telling you all about cookies and how they work. We find this website very useful and have read it ourselves many times: https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Last updated 21 December 2022