Home
Blog
Contact Us
Select Language
عربي
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Indonesia
日本語
한국인
Русский
แบบไทย
Tiếng Việt
Português
简体中文
繁体中文
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Jun 23, 2022.
AI Phone
, a product of Second Phone Number Inc., respects your privacy and is
                  committed to protecting it through this policy as the controller of your
                  information and personal data.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or
                  that you may provide when you visit the
AI Phone
website. This policy also describes our practices for
                  collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that
                  information.
By accepting our Terms of Service and this Policy and/or using our Apps,
                  you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in
                  this Policy. Your use of our Apps, which includes any services available
                  through our Apps, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service, not
                  including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of
                  disputes. Our Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this
                  Policy.
Please note that our Apps may contain links to third-party websites. Any
                  access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy,
                  but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party
                  websites and We are not responsible for the information practices of such
                  websites.
1. What information do We Collect
We may obtain information about you in a variety of ways, including when
                  you call, email or otherwise communicate with us, or when you participate
                  in events or other promotions. We also collect information given directly
                  by you, by third parties (e.g., data providers, social networks), and
                  automatically as you use our Apps. The personal information relating to
                  you that we process may include the information set out below.
The information that we collect, may be considered personal information in
                  certain jurisdictions or personal data under the European General Data
                  Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). Whenever we refer to
                  personal information in this Policy, it means personal information or
                  personal data as defined by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
Categories of information we collect:
●
dentifying information, identifiers
○
You provide us with identifying information, including your account name.
                  You may also provide us with your gender.
○
Phone number, unique online identifier (Advertising ID, IDFA), IP Address
●
Commercial information
○
We maintain a record of your usage of Our Products and Services, including
                  details about when you logged in and what actions you performed in Our
                  Products and Services,
○
Such as logs of messages and calls sent and received,
○
Purchase records may include information about products or services
                  purchased, such as the brand, model, or type of product. Additionally,
                  purchasing histories or tendencies may be documented, such as whether a
                  person frequently buys specific types of products or services.
●
Internet or network activity information
○
We collect information about how you access our Products and Services
                  electronically, including device make and model, device settings,
                  operating system, type of connection, carrier information, applications on
                  your device, browser information.
●
Geolocation data
○
Please note that even if you have not authorized access to your device’s
                  location services, we will be able to infer your location via the IP
                  address used to connect to our Products and Services.
2. Information Source and Purpose of Use
Some of this information is provided to us by you, while others are
                  gathered when you use
our
Services. Our business partners may also provide us with information
                  about you (including personal information).
Information Gathered Through Automated Methods ("Automated
                    Information")
The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service
                  providers on our behalf.
Automated Information includes information:
1-Browser type/version (such as Chrome Version 104.0.5112.102 (Official
                  Build) (64-bit))
2-Browser language (such as English)
3-Operating system used (such as Windows 8)
4-Device Type
5-Services online
6-Time zone
7-IP address
8-Advertising ID/IDFA(like Apple's IDFA and Google's Advertising ID, which
                  are both numbers that are produced at random and that you may reset by
                  accessing your device's settings)
10-Dates and times of access
11-Subscription Data
In order to match information about you that has been obtained by us or a
                  third party service provider from different sources or at different times
                  (including both personal information and Automated Information), we or the
                  third party service provider may assign you a special identifier through
                  automated means. We will then use this information as outlined in this
                  Privacy Policy.
The following are typical uses for this automatic information:
for you to have a functional, user-friendly experience thanks to the
                  technical provision of our Services
to safeguard our mobile applications from cyber threats and to give you a
                  secure experience
to learn more about how you use our applications in order to enhance our
                  services and features, as well as to create new products and features
to customize our Services for you better
to assist us in better understanding our present and potential customers
                  so that we may tailor how we market our services
For our internal business analytics, we record events and use information
                  to better understand how users engage with our mobile applications. We
                  might record, for instance, when a user accesses a screen, presses a
                  button, accepts notifications, upgrades, or otherwise engages with the
                  program.
Monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness of our communications
Data gathered from service suppliers or integrated services.
When providing our services or when making our services easier for you to
                  access, such as in the ways that are mentioned below, we may collect
                  information, including personal information, from third parties and
                  sources that we integrate into our services.
No personal information about the subscriber is provided to us by Google
                  or Apple if you buy a subscription to one of our mobile apps (like name,
                  email, or payment information). All that is sent to AI Phone is an
                  anonymous Subscription ID or Order ID. This de-identified subscription
                  data is added to your record if you create a AI Phone account so that it
                  can be shared across various devices while using your AI Phone account.
3. How We May Use Information from you
We may use the data we gather in addition to the ways mentioned above for
                  a number of other reasons, including the ones listed below:
Performing Our Services
maintaining or servicing accounts, offering customer care, running mobile
                  applications, processing orders and transactions, confirming user
                  information, and handling payments.
Communicating with customers about the services we provide and answering
                  their questions, comments, and recommendations.
Delivering social or communal elements, such as making your voluntary
                  remarks or comments visible to the public.
Internal Research
Understanding and evaluating how our Services perform with our users
Finding out more about usage will help us develop new features and
                  products, update the Services, and provide consumers better features.
Development of customized or personalized experiences of our Services,
                  such as remembering your information so you can complete login our
                  service.
Finding out more about usage will help us develop new features and
                  products, update the Services, and provide consumers better features.
Auditing Interactions with Consumers measuring usage of our mobile
                  applicationsassessing the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising
                  (such as measuring how a user was acquired)
About Security
to ensure your safety while using our services
to defend our mobile applications against cyber threats
defending against, spotting, stopping, and dealing with fraud, illegal
                  behavior (such instances of hacking or abuse of our websites and mobile
                  applications), claims, and other liabilities, including by upholding the
                  rules that govern the services we offer
Debugging/Repair
Detection and correction of deficiencies in our Apps' intended and
                  already-existing functionality;
Marketing, including understanding users in order to more effectively
                  market our Apps;
We use your email (with your consent where required) to send you
                  information about our Apps and exclusive offers;
Marketing
Recognizing our target market will help us promote our services more
                  successfully
To send you information about our products and special deals, we use your
                  email (with your permission, where necessary)
Quality and Safety Maintenance & Verification
Activities aimed at enhancing the quality of the Apps we offer, such as
                  App upgrades or enhancements;
Verification or maintenance of the quality or safety of Apps;
Tracking and responding to quality and safety matters;
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements, judicial process,
                  industry standards, and our company policies
Other purposes that may be described at the time you choose to provide
                  personal information to us
We may additionally combine and/or de-identify any information we gather
                  so that it can no longer be used to identify any particular person. For
                  our own legitimate business purposes, such as historical and statistical
                  analysis and business planning, we are free to utilize and otherwise use
                  such information.
4.How We May Share Your Information with Others
We may disclose your information in accordance with a specific
                  "in-time" privacy notice we may make at the time the information
                  is collected or for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
to help us with technical processing operations like data hosting and
                  maintenance, finance, legal, HR, and accounting support, securing our data
                  and systems, combating spam, abuse, fraud, infringement, and other
                  wrongdoings; corporate audit, analysis, and consolidated reporting; and
                  for compliance with applicable laws.
Customer Communications and Insights Platforms.
For the following business reasons, we might disclose your phone number,
                  email address, app usage information, and interactions to our third-party
                  customer communications platform provider: to carry out the tasks
                  necessary for us to get in touch with you, manage your account, and
                  monitor your usage for internal analytics.
Platforms for internal business insights.
Our third-party internal business analytics platform gives us the
                  resources we need to better comprehend app usage and interactions and
                  unearth insights that let us enhance our features and products while also
                  enhancing our marketing. We might provide these companies with access to
                  unique user IDs, IDFA, device ID, IP address, Adjust ID, and app usage and
                  events (such when you registered to our services), in order to accomplish
                  the following business objectives: providing services that enable us to
                  (i) analyze usage in order to improve current Services or create new goods
                  and features, and (ii) gain a better understanding of our clients in order
                  to advertise our products more successfully.
Customer Service.
Your email may be routed through our third-party customer support platform
                  when you email us using one of the support email addresses listed in the
                  How to Contact Us section at the bottom of this privacy policy. Your email
                  address, its contents, and the times and dates that your request was
                  received by our system will all be accessible to this platform. These
                  suppliers help us interact with you about your account and collect user
                  feedback on the effectiveness and security of our products.
Measurement and Attribution.
These service providers give us with tools that let us track and identify
                  the source of new subscriber sign-ups, as well as gain insights into app
                  usage and event trends. We may utilize the unique user IDs made available
                  to us by these third-party providers to learn more about how our users use
                  our apps so that we can enhance their quality and safety as well as to
                  measure the success of our advertisements (e.g., where and how a user is
                  obtained). For the same reason, we might also give these providers access
                  to unique user identifiers, device IDs, IDFA, or IP addresses that we
                  store or share with them.
Telecom Providers.
We are able to offer you our services thanks to our telecom providers. In
                  order to deliver our Services to you, we may share and/or keep phone
                  numbers, SMS, MMS, voicemail, call , and transcriptions with our telecom
                  service providers.transcriptions with our telecom service providers.
Additional technology suppliers required to offer our services (including
                  cloud storage, AI GPT providers and web hosting providers).
With our cloud storage providers, we retain information that users have
                  submitted, automated information, and/or aggregate or non-personally
                  identifiable data. Additionally, we reserve the right to make certain
                  Automated Information available for a variety of uses, including network
                  traffic monitoring to identify malicious actors and defend against
                  malware, fraud, or other illegal uses or activities. In order to help us
                  with our transcribing services, we might work with a third party supplier.
                  In order to help us with our SMS blocking services, we might also work
                  with a third party supplier.
Corporate Transactions
In the course of (including during the appraisal or negotiation of) a
                  corporate change or dissolution, such as a merger, acquisition,
                  reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets, or
                  wind-down of a corporation, we may share information about you (each a
                  "Corporate Transaction"). We retain the right to transmit the
                  data we keep in the event that we engage in any Corporate Transaction,
                  unless this is prohibited by applicable law (including, selling or
                  transferring all or a portion of our business or assets). Wherever
                  possible, if we decide to participate in such a sale or transfer, we will
                  instruct the recipient to treat the data in accordance with this privacy
                  policy. You can ask the recipient any questions you may have about how
                  your personal information is being processed after such a sale or
                  transfer.
Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and other Similar reasons.
Additionally, we may disclose and/or share your information in order to
                  meet legal or regulatory requirements, industry standards, judicial
                  process, and company policies, as well as to protect against, identify,
                  investigate, prevent, and address fraud, illegal activity (such as
                  identifying and addressing incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites
                  and mobile applications), adverse even, and other situations.
Your information may be disclosed under certain circumstances (i) when we
                  genuinely believe that disclosing information is essential or reasonable
                  in order to avoid responsibility, (ii) to safeguard our legal rights, our
                  property, or the legal and property rights of others; and (iii) to look
                  into and combat any allegations or claims made against us by third
                  parties. Additionally, we may gather, use, and disclose your personal
                  information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as needed or
                  permitted by applicable law.
5. Legal Bases We Rely on when Using Your Information
We may use your information based on one or more of the following legal
                  bases:
Your consent. For example, we rely on your consent when you visit our
                  Website or provide us with your Personal Information. In case we collected
                  your Personal Information from third-parties and not directly from you, we
                  rely on our partners to obtain your consent for our use of your Personal
                  Information;
Performance of a contract. We may use your Personal Information in order
                  to perform our contracts with you or in order to take steps at your
                  request prior to entering into such a contract;
Your and our legitimate interests (to be able to operate and improve our
                  Website and to be able to communicate with you, if you get in contact with
                  us, since we have carried out a legitimate interest assessment to
                  demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing
                  which override the fundamental rights and freedoms of the people whose
                  Personal Information we process, including you);
Legal obligation. We may need to use your Personal Information to comply
                  with a legal obligation to which we are a subject;
Vital interests. In certain cases, we use your Personal Information to
                  protect your vital interests or those of another person;
Public task. Using your Personal Information may be necessary to perform a
                  task carried out in the public interest, insofar as the processing has a
                  basis in Union or Member State law.
6. Do Not Track Disclosures
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests.
                  You may, however, disable certain tracking. Specifically, you may turn off
                  location tracking by changing the settings on your mobile device, although
                  some features of the Apps may not be available if you do. By using or
                  visiting our Apps, you consent to the placement of cookies and beacons in
                  your browser and HTML based emails in accordance with this Policy
7. Online Privacy Rights Access, Edit and Delete Your Information
You can find information about your access, editing, and deletion rights
                  if you live in California in the section of this privacy policy titled
                  "Information for Residents of California." Depending on where
                  you live, you might be able to seek access to, corrections to, or deletion
                  of some personal information you give to
AI Phone
even if you don't live in the EEA or California.
                  Before we can respond to the aforementioned requests, we may ask for
                  identification documentation and confirmation of residency in order to
                  protect your privacy. You can reach us via the appropriate mobile
                  application support email listed in the "How to Contact Us"
                  section of this privacy policy if you want to make such a request. We
                  might not be able to offer you with our Services or any of their features
                  and functionality if we update or delete your personal information or if
                  you deliberately choose not to share certain personal information with us.
                  We will honor such requests at our discretion and in line with relevant
                  legislation.
Device permissions
Permission mechanisms are in place on mobile platforms for particular
                  types of device data and alerts, such as push notifications and camera and
                  microphone data. If necessary, you can adjust your device's settings to
                  approve or disapprove the gathering of data or the showing of
                  notifications. Naturally, if you do this, some services may no longer
                  function at all or partially.
Uninstall
By following the steps on the service settings screen, you may disable
                  call forwarding and deactivate your account. You can then remove the app
                  using your device's usual uninstall procedure to stop the program from
                  collecting any further information. The particular identifier linked to
                  your mobile device will stay retained even after you delete the program
                  from it. We will be able to re-link this identifier to your prior
                  transactions and activity if you reinstall the app on the same mobile
                  device.
Email
By following the instructions provided in any promotional emails you get
                  from us, you can unsubscribe at any time. By giving us your request via
                  the relevant mobile application support email as listed in the "How
                  to Contact Us" section of this page's Privacy Policy, you may also
                  choose not to receive any further promotional communications from us or
                  any other commercial emails we may occasionally send you. Please be aware
                  that it may take us up to ten business days to process your request if you
                  choose to stop receiving commercial emails from us or change the type or
                  frequency of promotional communications you receive from us. During this
                  time, you may still receive promotional communications from us even though
                  you have opted out. Additionally, even if you choose not to receive
                  promotional emails from us, we may still contact you for administrative or
                  transactional purposes relating to the Services.
8. Information for Residents of California: Your California Privacy
                    Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act
                  ("CCPA") may provide you with notice and other rights regarding
                  our use of your personal information that is in addition to those set
                  forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. The CCPA Notice applies to
                  "Consumers" as defined by the law. This section describes your
                  CCPA rights as a California Consumer and explains how to exercise those
                  rights. See Sections 1 - 4 above to learn what information we collect from
                  you and how it is collected, used, and shared.
Access to Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to send us a request, no more than twice in a
                  twelve-month period, for any of the following for the period that is
                  twelve months prior to the request date:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected your personal
                  information.
The business or commercial purposes for our collecting or selling your
                  personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we have shared your personal
                  information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
A list of the categories of personal information disclosed for a business
                  purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no disclosure occurred.
A list of the categories of personal information sold about you in the
                  prior 12 months, or that no sale occurred. If we sell your personal
                  information, we will explain:
The categories of your personal information we have sold.
The categories of third parties to which we sold personal information, by
                  categories of personal information sold for each third party.
You have the right to make or obtain a transportable copy, no more than
                  twice in a twelve-month period, of your personal information that we have
                  collected in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date and
                  are maintaining.
Data Deletion Rights
Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may
                  request that we delete your personal information that we have collected
                  directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required
                  to delete your personal information that we did not collect directly from
                  you.
Exercising Your Rights
To make a request for access, portability, or deletion according to your
                  rights under CCPA, contact us by email. California Consumers may exercise
                  these rights via an authorized agent who meets the agency requirements of
                  the CCPA. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
                  information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the
                  request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Any
                  request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency
                  verification process ("Verifiable Consumer Request").
The Verifiable Consumer Request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that
                  you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an
                  authorized representative. You agree that in order to accommodate certain
                  requests by you, we may require you to verify your ownership of an account
                  by responding to a text message sent to the phone number on the account
                  and/or by requesting reasonable documentation to show your ownership of
                  the number and account.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly
                  understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Some personal information we maintain about Consumers is not sufficiently
                  associated with enough personal information about the Consumer for us to
                  be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer's personal information
                  (e.g., clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). As
                  required by the CCPA, we do not include that personal information in
                  response to Verifiable Consumer Requests. If we cannot comply with a
                  request, we will explain the reasons in our response.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer personal
                  information that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use
                  and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. We
                  will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests, but we
                  may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request if your
                  request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome.
We do not knowingly "sell" personal information that we collect
                  from you, in accordance with the definition of "sell" in the
                  CCPA, and will treat personal information we collect from you as subject
                  to a do not sell request. There is not yet a consensus as to whether our
                  use of certain tracking technologies may constitute a "sale" of
                  your PI as defined by the CCPA. See Online Privacy Choices and Rights to
                  learn more about the choices that are available to you.
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA
                  because you exercise your CCPA rights. However, we may charge a different
                  price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service,
                  to the extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the
                  applicable data. In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for
                  the collection, sale, and retention and use of your personal information
                  as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in
                  reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material
                  aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its
                  program terms. We may add or change incentive programs and/or their terms
                  by posting a notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above
                  so check them regularly.
California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83,
                  requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California
                  customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing
                  personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct
                  marketing purposes. We do not currently engage in the type of sharing
                  covered by that law and so no such list exists. We do not make any
                  representations concerning third parties that do not collect personal
                  information directly through our Services.
9. Data Retention & Deletion
Except as set forth below, we may retain your personal information for
                  three (3) years (whichever is longer) if we know that you have stopped
                  using our Services or we have a legitimate business need for the
                  information or to comply with any legal requirement prevail) and
                  regulatory obligations. We may retain other non-personally identifiable
                  information for backup, archiving, fraud and abuse prevention, analysis,
                  or where we reasonably believe we have a legitimate reason to do so. We
                  may not know if you have stopped using our Services, so if you do, we
                  encourage you to contact us via the appropriate contact email in the
                  " Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
Text data and call data (including calls history & text records,
                  voicemail, transcriptions) may only be kept by us for a maximum of five
                  (5) months before being erased and rendered inaccessible. Transcriptions
                  you erase will also be removed from our systems and become inaccessible.
                  Go to call details and share information with your email or cloud storage
                  account if you wish to keep call transcriptions or other call records data
                  for a longer period of time. You understand and admit that you are solely
                  responsible for backing up this data.
10. How We Protect Personal Information
We take various measures to protect the security and integrity of personal
                  information collected through our Services. However, despite these
                  measures, we cannot and cannot guarantee that information will never be
                  intercepted or hacked while in transit or stored on our systems or
                  otherwise, and you provide information to us at your own risk.
You should be aware that your transmission might not be safe from access
                  by unauthorized persons if you communicate with us via email, text
                  messaging, or web forms like a "contact us" option offered
                  through our Services. Due to communication problems or illegal actions by
                  third parties, we are not responsible for the disclosure of your
                  information.
If you set up an account to use our services, you are in charge in
                  protecting the secrecy of your password and any activity that goes on with
                  that account. In the event that your password or account is used
                  fraudulently, kindly let us know.
We could try to let you know if we suspect that the security of the
                  personal data we have about you may have been jeopardized.
If we have your email address, we may notify you by email to the most
                  recent email address you have provided us in your account profile. Please
                  keep your email address in your account up to date. You can change that
                  e-mail address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice
                  from us, you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these
                  notices, you must check your email account using your computer or mobile
                  device and email application software. We may also post a conspicuous
                  notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application. You
                  consent to our use of email, text message, and/or notification through the
                  app as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the
                  postal service to notify you in this situation, please let us know by
                  submitting your request at the appropriate contact email in the How to
                  Contact Us section. You can make this election any time, and it will apply
                  to notifications we make after a reasonable time thereafter for us to
                  process your request. You may also use this email address to request a
                  print copy, at no charge, of an electronic notice we have sent to you
                  regarding a compromise of your personal information.
11. Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
We may offer links to websites and other third-party content that is not
                  our property or under our control for your information. It's possible that
                  the websites and third-party content to which we connect have their own
                  privacy policies or notices. We are not liable for the privacy policies of
                  any organization that we do not own or control. Before sending any
                  personal information to such third parties, we advise you to read their
                  privacy policies carefully.
12. Information Relating to Children
Our Services are designed for general audiences who are at least 18 years
                  old. Children under the age of 18 are not the target of any information
                  collection by us. Please DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES if you are
                  under the age of 18. Please get in touch with us at the appropriate email
                  address mentioned in Section 13, How to Contact Us, if you think we might
                  hold personal information from or about a child under the age of 18.
                  (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). Please be
                  aware that we'll make an effort to deactivate any child's account that is
                  reported to us who is under the age of 18 as quickly as we can. Any and
                  all account activity that a kid engages in while using your account is
                  your responsibility.
13. Contact Us
For Support, you may contact us at one of the Customer Support emails
                  below:
AI Phone:
info@aiphone.ai
Changes to this policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may
                    change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back
                    periodically. We will post changes to this Policy on our Apps. If we
                    make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices
                    with regard to the personal information, we have previously collected
                    from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such
                    change by highlighting the change on our Apps and their corresponding
                    Web sites, sending a push notification, or displaying on any of the Web
                    sites associated with our Apps.