Privacy & Security Policy
Powerscourt respects your privacy and is committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Acts of 1988 – 2018 and have published this guide to outline the information we collect about you, how and why we use the information and the choices you have to restrict our usage of this information.  Ensuring the privacy and security of your personal data is very important to us.  Please read the following carefully together with our Terms and Conditions as it contains important information about how we collect and use your personal data and how we will treat it.
“Powerscourt” refers to the companies Powerscourt Estates Ltd and Powerscourt Golf Club plc and “our websites” refers to
www.powerscourt.com
,
www.powerscourtgardenpavilion.com
and
www.powerscourtgolfclub.com
.
Information We Collect
Powerscourt does not collect any personal information about you on our websites, apart from information which you volunteer.  Any information collected by Powerscourt will be used in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, including for purchasing goods, services or gift vouchers, entering competitions, signing up for offers or updates, and/or when you sign up to any of our e-mail/blog lists
information that you provide for the purpose of opening a customer account or setting up a membership account
we may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site
if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
we may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond
details of your visits to our site and the resources you access
information that you provide when you interact with us on social media or when you click on an ad that we put on our site or on someone else’s website
The types of personal information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, payment card details, IP address, search terms, responses to research questions and surveys, responses to competition and promotion entries, content of applications for offers and other updates, the type of web browser you use, the times you access our site and how long you access it for, the details of the website that referred you to our site and other device location information, any content you share with us or provide to us and any other information you share with or provide to us. Except where you provide your personal information to us in accordance with the above, we will not collect these types of personal information without first asking you for it.
Security
When you visit or purchase on-line at our websites: or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on our websites. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement such that such communications are in writing.   Please be aware that there are inherent risks associated with the transmission of information via the Internet and that while we take all appropriate measures to ensure your security, there maybe instances outside of our control when this is not possible. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to protect the confidentiality of both electronic and manual data and to prevent unauthorised access.
Our websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Powerscourt uses the most current Internet security to keep your information safe.
Use of Your Information and Your Rights
For those who sign up to our newsletters/blogs/updates, we offer up to date information of events, weddings, golf, special offers, gardening advice and other Powerscourt news.  E-mail addresses and personal data collected via our websites are mainly used for marketing and informational purposes.
Information collected from you in respect of opening a customer or membership account will be used to provide you with our services, credit terms, and facilitate the collection of payments and credit control, renewal options and the issuing of invoices and statements.  In certain circumstances, it will be necessary to obtain data from third parties, e.g., our wedding partner Feast Catering.  We will ensure that personal data will be processed in accordance with the principles of data protection, as described in the GDPR and Data Protection Acts.  We endeavor to ensure personal data held by the organisation is up to date and accurate.
We may also use information held about you in the following ways:
to maintain a customer e-mail list and to market our goods and services to you
to provide you with notice of special offers, events and other Powerscourt related news
to provide you with a customer or membership account
to process your orders for goods and/or services including gift vouchers and to deliver and/or provide those goods and services to you
to enable us and our third party payment service provider to process payment for goods, services or gift voucher ordered by you
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
to contact you where you have requested information from us or have reported a problem with our site
to track how our online services are used, through our use of cookies
to publish any testimonials or reviews of our goods and services that you provide to us
to customise and optimise the mobile version of our site
to notify you about changes to our service.
If you sign up to our newsletters via the forms on our website or blog you agree that you wish to be contacted by us.  This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
If you would like to unsubscribe from our email list, please use the UNSUBSCRIBE option on the bottom of the e-mail/newsletter or send an e-mail with unsubscribe in the subject box to marketing@powerscourt.net . We will remove your name from our e-mail list as soon as possible. Please note that you may continue to receive e-mails which are already on route to you for a short period of time while your request is being dealt with.
Annual Membership
For specific terms and conditions in respect of Annual Membership please refer to
www.powerscourt.com/annualmembership
.
Data Retention
We will not retain your personal data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.  However, we may be required by applicable laws and/or regulations to hold your personal data longer than this period.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Cookies
A cookie is a text-only file which we transfer to your computer via your web browser when you visit our website. Our cookies do not store financial information or personal information such as your name or address.
We use cookies in order to better understand the navigation of visitors on our website. This traffic information can be used to enhance the content of our website and improve our website experience for you.
We will seek your consent to use cookies the first time you visit this website (or on subsequent occasions if the cookie that records such acceptance is deleted).  If you do not wish to accept cookies or wish to disable cookies from our websites or any other website you can use your browser to do so. Each browser is different so check the ‘help’ menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie settings.
We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data supplies.
If you wish to learn more about cookies, more information is available on this website:
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Feel free to contact us with any questions about our Cookies Policy by phoning + 353 1 204 6000 or by emailing marketing@powerscourt.net.
Click here to view our cookie policy
Disclosure
All data is treated with the utmost confidentiality. We do not rent or sell any of our customer’s information to any other individual, business or organisation.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation
in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements
to protect the rights, property, or safety of Powerscourt, our customers or others
to those we have hired on our behalf, including Realex Payments, our wedding partners and Google Analytics who we use to gather statistics on portions of our site. These companies, are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide
Feast Catering in connection with Weddings at Powerscourt
Payment Processing
All payment processing is handled securely on our behalf by Realex Payments. Realex Payments uses the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) to keep the processing of your payment information secure.
PCI DSS is a mandatory compliance standard for all payment service providers. PCI DSS enforces high levels of security in all areas where cardholder data is transmitted or stored. Strong protections such as encryption, intrusion detection and response, formalised policies and standards and security aware development methodologies are utilised by Realex Payments as part of its PCI DSS compliance.
Never send your bank or credit card details to us by e-mail or other than by the form on our site which requests payment details. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers. We will never, ever ask for sensitive information via e-mail.
When ordering products or services on the site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
Payments in respect of customer accounts and some membership accounts can be sent via bank transfer.
Access to Information
You have the right to access information held about you and to have incorrect or out of date information corrected, deleted or contextualised in certain circumstances. Your rights can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988 – 2018.  Please submit any requests by e-mail to info@powerscourt.net.
Policy Changes
Powerscourt reserves the right to amend this Privacy & Security Policy for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed. Any changes that do occur will be effective upon such time as the amendments are posted on the website.  By visiting our website you agree to accept any changes made to this policy.
Contact Us
Feel free to contact us with any questions, comments or requests about our Privacy & Security Policy by e-mailing info@powerscourt.net
Powerscourt Estates Ltd
Enniskerry
Co. Wicklow
Tel: 01 204 6000
Registered in Ireland No. 19135
VAT No.: IE 0679879N
Powerscourt Golf Club plc
Powerscourt Estate
Enniskerry
Co. Wicklow
Tel: 01 204 6033
Registered in No. 214091
VAT No.: IE 0679879N
Coming To Powerscourt?
WHAT OUR VISITORS SAY
This place is amazing. Soo beautiful. We’ve been many times and each time we love it. We chose to come in May but maybe next time we’ll head over in June hopefully to see all the flowers blooming. The walks are soo relaxing and the view is just amazing. This time we stayed for lunch and cannot praise enough their food. Such fresh and tasty soup and sandwiches and yummy desserts. Cannot wait for our next visit as even if it’s far away from where we live and takes almost 3 hours to drive, it’s just soo beautiful ?
We visited Powerscourt gardens for the first time in late October. The walled gardens still had a colourful display of flowers and shrubs, the trees were in wonderful autumn shades and the Japanese gardens were delightful with the Acers looking very attractive. Powerscourt is certainly worth travelling to see if you are in the area.
I’ve been here many years ago and the grounds are just as beautiful as I remembered. The new addition of shops, Avoca cafe, nursery and distillery just adds even more things to do. This is a great place to stop and spend sometime.
This garden was incredible. We went on a very rainy day and it was difficult to really enjoy the beauty that was there. We quickly walked thru the formal gardens, Japanese garden and tower house. The collection of trees were magnificent but it was raining too hard to read all the labels Would definitely go back if we get a chance.
The walled gardens are the most amazing flowers I have ever seen. I could have looked at them for hours. The rest of the grounds are very beautiful and peaceful when there aren’t large tour groups. The lunch at Avoca is very good, fresh and reasonably priced. You can even have some retail therapy at the stores. Again, the most amazing flowers!!!
Coming To Powerscourt?
WHAT OUR VISITORS SAY
This place is amazing. Soo beautiful. We’ve been many times and each time we love it. We chose to come in May but maybe next time we’ll head over in June hopefully to see all the flowers blooming. The walks are soo relaxing and the view is just amazing. This time we stayed for lunch and cannot praise enough their food. Such fresh and tasty soup and sandwiches and yummy desserts. Cannot wait for our next visit as even if it’s far away from where we live and takes almost 3 hours to drive, it’s just soo beautiful ?
We visited Powerscourt gardens for the first time in late October. The walled gardens still had a colourful display of flowers and shrubs, the trees were in wonderful autumn shades and the Japanese gardens were delightful with the Acers looking very attractive. Powerscourt is certainly worth travelling to see if you are in the area.
I’ve been here many years ago and the grounds are just as beautiful as I remembered. The new addition of shops, Avoca cafe, nursery and distillery just adds even more things to do. This is a great place to stop and spend sometime.
This garden was incredible. We went on a very rainy day and it was difficult to really enjoy the beauty that was there. We quickly walked thru the formal gardens, Japanese garden and tower house. The collection of trees were magnificent but it was raining too hard to read all the labels Would definitely go back if we get a chance.
The walled gardens are the most amazing flowers I have ever seen. I could have looked at them for hours. The rest of the grounds are very beautiful and peaceful when there aren’t large tour groups. The lunch at Avoca is very good, fresh and reasonably priced. You can even have some retail therapy at the stores. Again, the most amazing flowers!!!
1
2
3
4
5
Newsletter Sign-Up.
"
*
" indicates required fields
Keep up to date with our latest news, offers and events by entering your details below:
Your Name
*
Your Email Address
*
CAPTCHA
Consent
*
I would like to receive updates from Powerscourt Estate.
*