Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how KSFE uses and protects any information that you give KSFE when you use this website.
KSFE is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, and then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
KSFE may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
We require the information collect from you to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Online Payment Service
We provide online payment service on our Website. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (Payment processors)
We will not store or collect your payment related details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. They are covered by the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 (PSS Act), legislated in December 2007 and regulated by the Reserve Bank of India and the Board for Regulation and Supervision of Payment and Settlement Systems.
Online Payment Refund & Cancellation Policy
All payments subject to the confirmation by the payment gateway as successful will be considered 'successful' by KSFE and in all such cases refunds will not be initiated by KSFE.
However customers can request for refund at their respective ksfe branches under the following circumstances subject to the realization of funds.
Multiple payments occurred in the same service due to any technical issues
Note:
For online payments, it is important for customers to note the transaction number and download the receipt for future reference and request for any type of Refund, for whatsoever reason, will be at the sole discretion of KSFE.