Urban Pizza Ltd t/a Rustic Pizza customer privacy notice
This privacy notice tells you what to expect us to do with your personal information.
Contact details
Email info@rustic.ie
What information we collect, use, and why
We collect or use the following information to provide services and goods, including delivery:
Names and contact details
Addresses
Purchase or account history
Payment details (including card or bank information for transfers and direct debits)
Health information (including dietary requirements, allergies and health conditions)
We collect or use the following information for the operation of customer accounts and guarantees:
Names and contact details
Addresses
Purchase history
Account information, including registration details
Information used for security purposes
Lawful bases
Our lawful bases for collecting or using personal information to provide services and goods are:
Consent
Contract
Our lawful bases for collecting or using personal information for the operation of customer accounts and guarantees are:
Consent
Contract
Where we get personal information from
People directly
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal data.
Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to rectify personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing - You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
Your right to withdraw consent – When we use consent as our lawful basis you have the right to withdraw your consent.
You don’t usually need to pay a fee to exercise your rights. If you make a request, we have one calendar month to respond to you.
To make a data protection rights request, please contact us using the contact details at the top of this privacy notice.