Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
At Easy Fun Games we recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps under the publisher name of “Easy Fun Games”. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.
What information does the App collect?
When you use our Apps, we may automatically collect the following types of information to implement significant features and provide you a better experience:
Device Information:
We collect the following information to provide our services, implement app features, and improve the app performance.
We collect the following information:
The platform type (Android);
The operating system version;
The number of clicks on the app feature;
The device model;
The language you use for the device system;
The manufacturer of the device;
The version code of apps you are using;
The version name of apps you are using;
The package name of apps you are using;
The time of your phone;
The screen resolution;
Google Advertising ID:
This is used in the third-party advertising network to provide personalized ads and prevent inappropriate advertisement content.
Support Related Information:
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your email address, name, and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services.
How We Use Information We Collect?
We use the information we collect from the App to provide you better features and experience. We also use the data to measure the performance and improve the App. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information.
Opt-out of personalized advertising
To show you personalized ads in the App we use specific advertising networks and their partners to deliver ads that are tailored to you based on a determination of your interests or characteristics. You can opt-out from customized ad experience at any time by checking the privacy settings of your android device and choosing “opt-out of interest-based ads”. When you prefer to opt-out, advertising networks will think about this choice as a withdrawal of consent to customized ads experience and they will show only non-personalized ads.
Children and Families Policy
Personalized advertisements are NOT used in games designed for families.
We ensure that the advertisements we display are correctly implemented for our apps and games that are designed for families. This includes making sure the advertisements displayed in the app are approved for families and children.
Security
Easy Fun Games
makes all reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the data that it has access to.
It uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards to keep the data it collects as secure as possible and ensures that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to only those people who need it to complete their work for
Easy Fun Games
, using a fire-wall in conditions where data is stored, and storing personal information in secure operating environments.
Policy Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. You are advised to check our Website regularly to view our most recent Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Apps after we post the revised Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it