We're sorry but AI Art Generator doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our application and services. We are a studio of designers, developers and artists building a suite of applications. The app (“we”, “us” and “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the Personal Information (defined below) we collect from users through our website, located at our site, (“Site”), mobile and tablet applications (“Applications”) and services made available through the Site and Applications (collectively “Services”). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given in our Terms of Use located at Terms(the “Terms”).
A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
WHAT WE COLLECT.
Before we get started, it may be helpful to define some terms. “Personal Information” means information that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing Information. “Anonymous Information” means Information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information and does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect information about you in a range of ways.
Face Data Privacy
No face data is collected by this app at all.
a. Collection
No face data is collected by this app at all. The video shooting is done real-time by the app when you are using the live video voice changer function. After the process ends, all data will be deleted, no data will be saved.
The app does not collect the face data and that camera view is completely 100% private on user’s device.
We would like to clarify that our app's photo capture functionality is not limited to capturing face images. It is designed to capture various types of visual contents, such as animals, landscapes, and more.
b. Use
We are not at all using the face data. We understand user privacy and we made sure when developing the app that no face data is used by us or any 3rd party framework in the app.
c. Disclosure
We understand user confidentiality and that is why we have developed the app to not store any face data nor allow any 3rd party to use it in any way possible.
d. Sharing
App does not share any face data with anyone. The data remains 100% private with you.
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US.
We collect information you directly give us on our app. For example, if you are seeking technical support, we collect the information that you provide to us when we provide technical support. At your option we may collect your email address so that we can send you information about our products and services. You may elect not to receive this information at any time by notifying us.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED.
On the Site, we automatically log information about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our Site, we log your computer operating system type, browser type, browser language, the website you visited before browsing to our Site, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, Internet protocol (IP) address and information about your use of and actions on our Site.
USE OF INFORMATION.
We use the information as follows:
Operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.
Respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.
Send support and administrative messages.
Communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners.
Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
WE DO NOT SHARE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We do not store any Information on our servers; We do not share any user information with any third parties; We do not sell or trade your Data to third parties.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We take steps to help protect personal information. No company can fully prevent security risks, however. Mistakes may happen. Bad actors may defeat even the best safeguards.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
We welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy. You may also contact us within the app.