Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Home
Privacy Notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on November 7 , 2024
This Privacy Notice is issued by each of the Controller entities listed below (together, “Getac”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organization with whom we interact, including customers, visitors and users of our websites (“Sites”), applications (“Apps”), or our products or services (collectively, the “Platform”), personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment, and visitors to our premises (collectively, “you”).
Individual employees of existing or prospective customers and partners who leverage Getac’s solutions and services, or use the Getac Site, may be provided with further privacy notices which may be contained in a separate supplemental notice. These additional privacy notices shall supplement this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice applies to information collected by us and does not apply to information collected by any third-party websites to which our Platform may link to or to information provided to, or collected by, third-party technologies during your visit our Platform.
This Privacy Notice may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Privacy Notice carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
By using the Platform, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Platform after we publish or send a notice about changes to our Privacy Notice means that the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Data is subject to this Privacy Notice.
All use of our Sites, Apps, products, or services are subject to our
Terms of Use
. We recommend that you review our Terms of Use regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time.
Collection of Personal Data
When you use the Platform, we may obtain various types of information related to you and your use of the Platform. This may include information that directly identifies you such as your name, address, or contact information (this type of information may be called “personal information,” “Personal Data,” or “Personally Identifiable Information”). Certain pieces of information we obtain (for example, account login or payment card information) may be considered “sensitive” under certain privacy laws. The information we obtain generally consists of information (1) you give us about yourself, (2) you give us about others, (3) automatically collected information about your interactions with the Platform, and (4) information we get from other sources.
We do not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of minors under the age of 16, or the equivalent minimum age as defined by applicable law, to third parties without obtaining affirmative consent from their parents or legal guardians, unless such collection or disclosure is permitted by applicable law or regulations.
Specifically, we collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us: We obtain Personal Data when that data is provided to us (e.g., when you contact us via email or telephone, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application).
Data we obtain in person: We obtain Personal Data during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, or at events we attend.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Data when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., we provide a service to you, or to your employer).
Data you make public: We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
App data: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you download or use any of our Apps.
Site data: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, Apps, products, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you interact with any third-party content or advertising on a Site or in an App (including third party plugins and cookies) we receive Personal Data from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
Creation of Personal Data: We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your past interactions with us. We may also combine Personal Data from any of our Sites, Apps, products, or services, including where that data is collected from different devices.
Categories of Personal Data we collect
We collect the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name; and photograph.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; shipping address; telephone number; email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Expertise: records of your expertise; professional history; practicing details and qualification details; information about your experience; participation in meetings, seminars, advisory boards and conferences; information about your professional relationship with other individuals or institutions; language abilities; and other professional skills.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time, means of consent, and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address.
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; bank account number or credit card number; cardholder or accountholder name; card or account security details; card ‘valid from’ date; card expiry date; BACS details; SWIFT details; IBAN details; payment amount; payment date; and records of cheques.
Data relating to our Sites and Apps: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; App usage statistics; App settings; dates and times of connecting to an App; location data; and other technical communications information (some of which may constitute Personal Data); username; password; security login details; usage data; and aggregate statistical information.
Data relating to body cameras and in-Car video: video, audio, geolocation, live streaming, technical communications information; security login details; usage data; and aggregate statistical information.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party; and the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages or App screens displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
Sensitive Personal Data
We do not seek to collect or otherwise process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business. Where it becomes necessary to process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may process your Sensitive Personal Data where the processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may process your Sensitive Personal Data where the processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (e.g., the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims: We may process your Sensitive Personal Data where the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
Consent: We may process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your express consent prior to processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Apps. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the App.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third-party’s specific privacy policy.
We and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. We use cookies for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Platform. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart, or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical or Performance cookies.
These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to the Platform and monitor usage at a collective level.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognize individual users and tailor the Platform to their preferences. For example, these cookies might be used to greet you by name after you have logged into a secure area of the Platform or deliver content in your preferred language.
Targeting or Tracking cookies.
These cookies record your usage of the Platform in order to make our content and advertising more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Once they have been placed, these cookies may remain on your browser until you remove them. Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also place cookies on your browser using other websites you access, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to record your browsing activity, which may include your usage of our Platform. You can clear or adjust settings related to cookies at any time using your web browser. To learn more about the cookies we use please review our
Cookie Policy
.
We treat information collected by automatic data collection technologies as Personal Data when it is associated with or stored in a way that can be reasonably associated with identifiable Personal Data we collect in other ways. While our Platform currently does not recognize Do Not Track signals from your browser, we do provide information below about how to manage your choices and preferences related to online tracking. To learn more about browser tracking signals and Do Not Track please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.org/
. Additionally, you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, please note that some parts of the Platform may become inaccessible or not function as intended.
How we use your Personal Data
If you submit information to us through the Platform, including registration and profile information, then we use this information to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the Platform. Additionally, we use your information for:
Processing your requests regarding the Platform and our products or services.
Maintaining, operating, improving and developing the Platform and related content, products or services.
Providing customer assistance or technical support and solving problems relating to products and services.
Sending you informational messages about our products and services.
Responding to your questions or addressing your requests.
Developing, managing and conducting advertising and marketing campaigns, promotions and offers and other initiatives.
Detecting, preventing and responding to fraud or potentially illegal activities, misuse of the Platform, intellectual property infringement or other violations of law, this Privacy Notice, our Terms of Use or other applicable policies.
Performing audits, assessments and testing or troubleshooting activities.
Complying with and enforcing applicable industry and legal requirements (including legal process such as court orders, warrants or subpoenas) and fulfilling contractual obligations.
Purposes of processing and legal bases for processing
The purposes for which we process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such processing, are as follows:
processing Activity
Legal Basis for processing
Provision of Sites, Apps, products, and services: providing our Sites, Apps, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, Apps, products, or services.
The processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, Apps, products, or services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business: operating and managing our Sites, our Apps, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services.
The processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing: communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) to provide news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; personalizing our Sites, products and services for you; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required; enabling and recording your choice to opt-out or unsubscribe, where applicable.
The processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Product safety communications: communications in relation to product safety, including product recalls and product safety advisory notices.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of ensuring the safety, and proper use, of our products (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Management of IT systems: management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety: health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of ensuring a safe environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys: engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security: physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations: detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal compliance: compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, Apps, products, and services: identifying issues with our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, Apps, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention: Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Establishment, exercise and defense of legal claims: management of legal claims; establishment of facts and claims, including collection, review and production of documents, facts, evidence and witness statements; exercise and defense of legal rights and claims, including formal legal proceedings.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Recruitment and job applications: recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
We disclose Personal Data to our affiliates, service providers, business partners, and other third parties for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, Apps, products, or services to you, in accordance with applicable law. We do not sell Personal Data to third parties for their own use. In addition, we disclose Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
others with your consent or at your request;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Getac, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
resellers, distributors and third-party business partners of Getac for the purposes to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract, or to perform a contract upon your request;
third party processors, including payment services providers; shipping companies; telemarketing companies; data supply service providers; data cleansing service providers; customer contact management; cloud and data storage services; website data analysis; advertising delivery services; and marketing, located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties including safeguarding against, and prevention of, threats to public security;
binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
any relevant third-party acquirer(s) or successor(s) in title, in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third-party provider, where our Sites and our Apps use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third-party provider (e.g., LinkedIn, YouTube and Facebook). We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
If we engage a third-party processor to process your Personal Data, the processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law.
Your Privacy Rights
Privacy rights vary depending on where you reside, but we will make reasonable efforts to honor your request even if you are a resident of a country or state that does not require us to do so under applicable law. You may have the following privacy rights under applicable country or state laws:
Right to Know: you may have the right to request information about the Personal Data we have collected about you and for what purpose.
Right to Access: you may have the right to request information about how we process your Personal Data and to obtain a copy of that personal information in a readily useable format (to the extent “technically feasible”).
Right to Portability: to the extent technically feasible, you may have the right to receive your Personal Data, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to have that information transmitted to another organization in certain circumstances.
Right to Correct Inaccuracies: you may request that inaccuracies in your Personal Data be corrected, considering the nature of the data and the business’ purposes in using it.
Right to Deletion (Right to erasure; Right to be forgotten): you may have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data that we have collected from you.
Right to Restriction of Processing: in certain circumstances permitted by law, you may have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
Right to Object: you may have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as when it is used for direct marketing or creating a marketing profile.
Right to Object to Automated Decision-Making and Profiling: in the case of automated decision-making and profiling, we will take appropriate steps to comply with applicable law. If such processing occurs, you may have the right to object to automated decision-making that would significantly affect you, including the right to request human intervention, express your point of view, and contest the decision, as required by applicable law.
Right to Withdraw Consent: you may have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out based on your consent before its withdrawal.
Right to Be Free from Discrimination: we will not discriminate against you for exercising your consumer privacy rights.
Right to Opt-out of Sharing: you may have the right to opt out of us sharing your Personal Data with third parties for some purposes, including sharing that may be defined as a sale under certain laws.
Right to Make Choices About Email Marketing: you may have the right to make choices about receiving email marketing.
Please note that if you submit a request to exercise any of the above rights (a “Privacy Rights Request”), we may request additional information to enable us to process your request. We will use the information you provide to verify your identity, locate your personal information that we may hold about you, and to fulfill your request.
Please keep in mind that we may not be able to honor all requests, such as if the information is required to process your payments or returns, to fulfill your order, or to comply with tax, audit, or other regulatory requirements.
For additional information regarding our California-specific data practices, please see our
Privacy Notice for California Residents
.
Direct marketing choices
We process personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, Apps, products, or services that may be of interest to you. If we provide Sites, Apps, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our Sites, Apps, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
You may unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication we send. Please note that it may take up to 2 weeks to process your unsubscribe request during which time you may continue to receive communications from us. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, Apps, products, or services you have requested.
International transfer of Personal Data
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within our company, and to third parties as noted above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. For this reason, we transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located. If an exemption or derogation applies (e.g., where a transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim) we may rely on that exemption or derogation, as appropriate. Where no exemption or derogation applies, and we transfer your Personal Data from the UK or the EEA to recipients located outside the UK or the EEA (as applicable) who are not in Adequate Jurisdictions, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses. You are entitled to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses using the contact details provided below.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Getac’s compliance with international data transfers. In certain situations, Getac may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Getac refers unresolved complaints concerning our international handling of Personal Data to its Data Protection Manager. Please contact
dpm.LAC@getac.com.tw
to file a complaint.
Data security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of processing, in accordance with applicable law. We do this by:
Using encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information, such as credit card details.
Designing our data security safeguards to ensure the ongoing security, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services.
Limiting physical access to our premises.
Limiting access to the information we collect about you.
Ensuring that our Business Partners have appropriate safeguards in place to help protect your personal information.
As required by law, destroying or de-identifying personal information.
Any Personal Data sent to us, either in writing or email, may be insecure in transit and we cannot guarantee its delivery. Passwords must be kept confidential and not disclosed to a third party. Getac does not ask you for your password.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk, and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
Data retention
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are only processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data are as follows:
Legal Basis
Length of Time
Performance of a contract to which you are (or your employer is) a party:
As long as is necessary for the performance of the contract.
Compliance with legal obligation:
As long as is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Our legitimate business interests:
Until you ask us to stop, unless an exception under applicable data protection law applies.
Your consent:
Until you revoke your consent, unless an exception under applicable data protection law applies.
We retain your Personally Information even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms of Use, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Contact Information
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the relevant Controllers are:
Controller Entity
Contact Details
Getac Technology Corporation
Legal Affairs Center,
5F., Building A,
No. 209, Sec. 1,
Nangang Rd.,
Nangang Dist.,
Taipei City,
115018,
Taiwan, R.O.C.
Attn：Data Protection Manager
Email：
dpm.LAC@getac.com.tw
Telephone: +886-2-2785-7888
Getac (UK) Limited
Legal Affairs Center,
Getac House,
Stafford Park 12,
Telford, Shropshire,
TF3 3BJ,
United Kingdom
Attn：Data Protection Manager
Email：
dpm.LAC@getac.com.tw
Telephone: +44 (0) 1952-207-222
Getac Technology GmbH
Legal Affairs Center,
Kanzlerstrasse 4,
40472 Dusseldorf,
Germany
Attn：Data Protection Manager
Email：
dpm.LAC@getac.com.tw
Telephone: +49 (0) 211-984819-0
Getac, Inc.
Legal Affairs Center,
15495 Sand Canyon Rd., Suite 350
Irvine, CA 92618,
USA
Attn：Data Protection Manager
Email：
dpm.LAC@getac.com.tw
Telephone: +1-949-681-2900
Getac Video Solutions, Inc.
Legal Affairs Center,
3800 American Blvd. W., Ste.
500 Bloomington, MN 55431,
USA
Attn：Data Protection Manager
Email：
dpm.LAC@getac.com.tw
Telephone: +1-833-820-5172
Alternatively, you may contact us using our online
Contact Us
form.
Have any questions? Let's talk!
Contact Us
We use cookies and other technologies on our website to process/share your personal data (such as IP address) in order to enhance the website features, improve your experience and measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. By clicking “Accept”, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
and website
Terms of Use
.
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Your Privacy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this website's
Privacy Policy
(the “Policy”). Where applicable, this policy should be read in conjunction with our
Cookie Policy
and website
Terms of Use
, into which this policy is incorporated by reference.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website and process/share your personal data (such as IP address) in order, for example, to personalize content and ads, to integrate third-party service or to analyze access to our website. We also share this data with third parties. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
What is cookie?
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.getac.com/us/california-consumer-privacy-act/:
Home
California Consumer Privacy Act
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: November November 7 , 2024
Introduction
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (“Privacy Notice”) describes the rights of California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, “CCPA”). This Privacy Notice applies solely to individuals who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) to the extent that Getac, Inc (“Getac”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects and processes their personal information as a business or service provider (as those terms are defined in the CCPA).
Please take the time to read this Privacy Notice and the related statements in their entirety to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions or concerns about your rights under the CCPA, please contact us by using the contact details under the “Contact Information” heading below.
For purposes of this Privacy Notice the term “personal information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device. However, personal information excludes a) publicly available information from government records; and b) deidentified or aggregated consumer information. Also, information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, includes the following:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Personal Information We Collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information from individuals within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
Identifiers
a.    A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or similar identifiers. b.    Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
a. YES
b. YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
a.  name, address, phone number, credit card number, debit card number. b.  Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
a. YES
b. YES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
Commercial information
a. Products or services purchased b. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
a. YES
b. NO
Biometric information
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a customer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
YES
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
YES
Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history, education, training, or performance evaluations.
NO
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Sensitive personal information
A social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, sex life or sexual orientation; criminal history; the contents of mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you if you provide your personal information to us.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our website or IT systems. For example, from your submissions through our websites’ forms or your website usage details that are collected automatically.
From third parties, such as our business partners.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above only for the duration necessary for the purpose of which it was collected.
Personal Information We Use
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products, and services, other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
For other lawful or legitimate purposes, which may be reasonably required for day-to-day operations.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice and, if required by law, seeking your consent.
Personal Information We Share
Getac takes care to allow your personal information to be accessed only by those who need to know to perform their tasks and duties, and to third parties who have a legitimate business purpose for processing or accessing it. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. As such, we may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice to the following categories of third parties:
Our subsidiaries, affiliates, or their or our successors or assigns.
Our contractors, business partners, service providers, and other third parties who require the data to assist us in supporting our business (e.g., third-party hosting facilities) or third parties with products, services, or positions that may be of interest to you, provided such parties provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required of Getac. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
A potential buyer (and its agents and advisors) in connection with any proposed merger, acquisition, or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation), in which case, personal information held by us about you will be among the assets transferred to the buyer or acquirer.
A third party under the following circumstances where we, in good faith,: (i) believe we are compelled by applicable law or regulation, judicial request from a court of competent jurisdiction, or another legal process or government authority; (ii) find it necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights; (iii) seek to protect Getac’s rights or property; (iv) seek to protect Getac, our employees, or the public from harm or illegal activities; (v) seek to respond to an emergency which we believe, in good faith requires us to disclose data to prevent harm; or (vi) rely on your consent.
Sales or Sharing of Personal Information
In the preceding 12 months, Getac has
not
sold or shared (as those terms are defined in the CCPA) any personal information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
For information about the cookies and other tracking technologies used by our Website and how to manage your settings for these cookies and technologies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Your CCPA Privacy Rights
The CCPA provides consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or shared (as those terms are defined in the CCPA) your personal information or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug systems to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by using the contact details under the “Contact Information” heading below. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an email account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an email account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales and Sharing Opt-Out Rights
You have the right to direct us to not sell or share your personal information at any time. However, we do not sell or share (as those terms are defined in the CCPA) your personal information (and will not sell or share it without providing a right to opt-out).
Limiting Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Rights
You have the right, at any time, to direct us to limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those authorized by the CCPA. However, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for any purposes other than those authorized by the CCPA (and will not use or disclose it for any unauthorized purposes without providing a right to limit).
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by using the contact details under the “Contact Information” heading below.
Changes to this Notice
Getac reserves the right to update or change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post it on
www.Getac.com
at the time of the change becoming effective. We ask that you review the Privacy Notice periodically to stay informed about any updates or changes that we may have made.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “Effective Date” displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Notice and our privacy practices or if you need to update, change, or remove your personal information or exercise any other rights,
Via Email:
https://www.getac.com/us/contact/
Via Mail: 15495 Sand Canyon Ave., Suite 350, Irvine, CA 92618 USA
Have any questions? Let's talk!
Contact Us
We use cookies and other technologies on our website to process/share your personal data (such as IP address) in order to enhance the website features, improve your experience and measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. By clicking “Accept”, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
and website
Terms of Use
.
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Your Privacy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this website's
Privacy Policy
(the “Policy”). Where applicable, this policy should be read in conjunction with our
Cookie Policy
and website
Terms of Use
, into which this policy is incorporated by reference.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website and process/share your personal data (such as IP address) in order, for example, to personalize content and ads, to integrate third-party service or to analyze access to our website. We also share this data with third parties. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
What is cookie?
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel