Whoyaho Corp (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and makes best efforts to protect the privacy of the members(the “Members” or “you”)  by adopting measures and policies to safeguard the personal information of the members that we collect through the services that we provide(the “Services”), in accordance with Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
Information We Collect & How We Collect Them
We collect certain personal information as described below from the Members, to the minimal extent required for the operation of the Services. The optional additional information is collected for the purpose of providing certain special functions, and the Members who opt out of providing such optional additional information can still use the majority of the Services by only providing the minimally required information.
Information You Provide Directly
The Services we provide are available to Members who subscribe to the Services, and the Members must provide us with the following personal information in the process of signing up and using the service.
Required Information: Log-in ID, Service usage record, Device information
Optional Information: Nickname, cookies, and mobile phone number (for Member verification, double account usage prevention and for password reset purposes)
Information Collected Automatically through your Use of Services
We can collect the following personal information in the process of your usage of our Services.
Providing Services:
We may collect certain personal information required for the process of your Services usage (execution of the game, provision of game results, provision of contents, relaying of information occurred during the Services usage):
Device and software information (
required
): model name of the device, operating system version, version of the Services being used, device storage capacity, advertisement identifier, unique application identifier, installed apps, unique device identifier, browser type, language, battery status, time zone, etc.)
Information provided through a device sensor (
required
): information collected through the device sensor (e.g., accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, microphone, etc.), and the device status whether earphones or headphones are connected.
Information on wired/wireless communication connection (
required)
: carrier, IP address, signal strength, etc.
Log information (
required
): details on the methods of Services usage, web browser format, language, access time, device screen while accessing the Services, IP address, other identifiers, etc.
Content information (
required
): content created or submitted by a user (by public contest) and/or metadata about it
Customer Service and Complaints:
We can collect certain personal information for the purpose of resolving any complaints or other issues you may experience in the process of using our Services, and any such information collected therein shall be used solely for that purpose. We may seek your consent in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in order to collect any additional information as necessary:
Customer service and complaints (
required
): ID, name, mobile phone number, and e-mail address
Information to help confirm the issues and provide advice/solution (
optional
): In the event, additional information are necessary to answer any questions and provide customer services sought, we may seek your consent for any such additional information we require.
Marketing and Advertisement:
In the event any additional information are required, we can seek additional consent from you to that effect.
Events/promotion (
optional
): Name, email, mobile phone number, address, zip code, and any informational sheets collected at any offline events and seminars
Services development and improvements:
We may seek certain additional personal information from you in order to improve our Services and to provide you with a more satisfactory usage experience, and any such personal information collected therefore shall be used solely for the purpose of protecting our Services, collecting usage statistics data, and improving service compatibility. In the event any additional information are required, we can seek additional consent from you to that effect.
Cookies information (
optional
): Cookie and other information collected through various technological means
Please see Article 2 for more details on this regard
Information collected through 3rd Party Analytics
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your activities through other users and through third parties. For example, we can collect information about your online activities through advertisers, software developers, and other companies we have partnership arrangements with.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We will use cookies to collect and retain user information, to provide you with individually customized services.
Cookies are small amount of information sent by the server used to run the website on the user's device browser and are also stored on the user's device's hard disk. Cookies can recognize users and analyze usage information such as visit times and accessed subpages, and can be used as a medium for connecting multiple websites. We manage user information files on the server, and the main purpose is to manage access status, such as maintaining and releasing member verification.
① Purpose of use of cookies: It is used to provide optimized information to users by identifying each service and website visited by users, preference analysis, immersion analysis according to residence time, and security access.
② Installation, operation, and rejection of cookies: Users have the right to refuse to install and use cookies and can allow or reject all cookies through browser options.
Tools at the top of the web browser>Internet Options>Set options in the Personal Information menu
In the case of mobile app services, we can collect users' ADIDs and IDFA, and provide/share them with our partnering advertisement companies to send you customized advertisements, and you may restrict information shared with the same advertisement companies. ADID (Android OS) and IDFA (iOS) are advertisement identification values for mobile app users. ADID and IDFA are collected and used to provide customized services and benefits optimized for users, such as online customized advertisements.
① ADID/IDFA Collection Method: Automatic collection when users visit/run apps.
② ADID/IDFA retention/use period: 1 year from the date of collection
③ How to restrict advertisement data sharing
Android: Settings > Google > Advertisements > Unselect Customization of Advertisements
iOS: Settings > Personal Information Protection > Advertisement > Advertisement Tracking Restrictions
In the event you restrict automatic data sharing and retention per paragraphs 2 and 3 above, we may not be able to provide customized services to you.
Methods of Collecting Personal Information Collection
Collection through Member consents at the time of subscription
Information provided by the Member or collected automatically in the process of using the Services.
Information collected through separate consent procedures in case of Member’s participation in events, promotions, etc.
Voluntary provision or collection of information through Member consents in case of customer service
Information collected through partnering companies or platforms
Purpose of collection and use of personal information
The information we collect from you are collected for the purpose of providing you with safe and enjoyable Services and contents.  The personal information shall not be used for any purposes other than the purposes set forth below, and in the event we need to modify or add additional purposes of use, we shall obtain Member consents to that effect in accordance with Article 18 of the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
User management, such as identification of users.
Improvement of user experience and service development, operation, improvement, maintenance, protection.
Discovery of new service elements and improvement of existing services through providing existing services such as content (including advertisements) and demographic analysis, analysis of service visits and usage records, etc.
Prevention of acts that interfere with the operation of services, including fraudulent use, sanctions, account theft, and fraudulent transactions.
User protection and service operation, such as the delivery of notices, preservation of records for dispute settlement, handling civil complaints, etc.
Prevention of unauthorized and illegal activities, compliance with and confirmation of terms and conditions of use, and legal requirements.
Purchasing/selling paid products and processing payments, checking and paying expenses, and settlement payments.
Marketing and promotion such as providing affiliate services, providing event information and participation opportunities, delivery of products, and providing advertising information.
Measurement and improvement of advertising and marketing performance.
Personalization of Services such as service use analysis, friend recommendation, customized service provision, and advertisement posting according to statistics.
Establishment of the Service environment that users can use with confidence in terms of security, privacy, and safety.
Retention of Personal Information
Basic account information such as your ID and phone number will be kept until you request deletion.
To provide you with more relevant content and advertising, we will continue to collect and update information about what you like and dislike.
If you want to stop using our service, you can request to delete your account. And if you do not use it for a certain period, we will delete most of the information we have collected about you. But you do not have to worry because we will contact you first.
Please note that our system is designed to perform deletion automatically, but we cannot guarantee that deletion will take place within a certain period. In some cases, your data may need to be stored legally, and deletion may be suspended if a valid legal procedure for requesting content retention, an abuse report, or a violation of Terms of Use, or if the account or content you create is reported to our automated system for abuse or other violations of Terms of Use. In addition, we may keep certain information as a backup for a limited period or as required by law.
Destruction of Personal Information
As a matter of principle, we shall destroy without delay any personal information collected from you after the purpose of collection and usage has been completed, in the following manner and process as follows:
Destruction Process
Personal information collected through the service subscription process will be destroyed after being stored for a certain period of time according to internal policies and other related laws after the purpose for which such information was collected has been completed
Information retained as required by law shall also be destroyed after expiration of certain period as applicable, in such manner that the information cannot be reproduced.
Manner of Destruction
Personal information printed on paper is crushed with a grinder or destroyed through incineration.
Personal information stored in the form of an electronic file is deleted using a technical method that the records cannot be reproduced.
Measures to secure personal information being retained
We are taking the following measures to ensure safety of the personal information to prevent any loss, theft, leakage, modification, or destruction of the personal information we collect and handle.
Management-related measures
Regular self-audit: In order to ensure safety related to personal information handling, self-audit is regularly conducted and vulnerabilities are checked.
Training of staff handling personal information and minimization of the staff: We designate certain employees to handle personal information, and ensure only a minimally required number of staff are designated to that role, and provide routine educations and training campaigns to prevent manual leakage of personal information.
Establishment and implementation of an internal management plan: For the safe processing of personal information, an internal management plan has been established and implemented.
Technical-related measures
Prevention of duplication and alteration of access records: Store and manage records accessed to the personal information processing system for at least a year, and thoroughly use security functions to prevent duplication, alteration, theft, and loss of access records.
Encryption of personal information: The unique identification number and passwords are encrypted, stored, and managed, so only you would know the password, and any important data use other security measures such as encryption and file locking.
Restriction of access to personal information: Access to personal information is controlled by differential grant, change, and cancellation of access rights to the database system processing personal information.
Technical measures against hacking: To prevent personal information leakage and damage caused by hacking or computer viruses, the latest vaccine programs are installed, updated and inspected periodically, and malicious programs are immediately deleted to technically monitor and block personal information leakage.
International Transfer of Information
Your use of our Service will involve the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information within and outside of your country of residence, consistent with this policy. In particular, your personal information will be transferred to the United States and the Republic of Korea. Please note that the data protection and other laws of countries to which your information may be transferred might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
Information Sharing
We share information as joint controllers of your personal information whenever necessary to provide Services efficiently and in compliance with applicable law. We disclose personal information about you through the Services as described in the following:
Sharing with others. We may share the following information with others.  - Information about you, such as nickname and profile picture. - Any additional information you have instructed us to share, for example, if you share information or content online with a third-party app, we will share your information. - Content posted or sent by you. The extent to which your content is shared depends on your personalization and the type of service you use.
Sharing with all users, our business partners, and the general public. We can share the following information with business partners, the general public, and everyone. - Public information such as your ID, nickname, profile picture, etc. - Posts that are set up for everyone to see. This content can be viewed and shared by the general public both inside and outside our service, such as search results, websites, apps, and online/offline broadcasts.
Sharing with third parties. We can share information about you with service providers acting on our services, including third-party websites or apps, checking and optimizing the performance of advertisements, and providing more relevant advertisements. - We may share information about you with business partners responsible for our service agency. - We may share certain information about you, such as device and usage information, to prevent us and others from fraud. - We may share certain information about you for legal issues, safety, or security reasons. We may share information about you if it is reasonably deemed necessary to disclose information for legal purposes. - We may share information about you as part of information provided for merger or acquisition of our company. In the event of a merger, asset sale, liquidation, bankruptcy, or closure of our company, or the acquisition of all or part of our business by another company, we may share your information with the company before and after the transaction is closed. - We can also share information or anonymized information that cannot be personally identified with third parties that provide services to us or perform business purposes for us.
Sharing in the case of prior Member consents
Privacy Policy for third-party partnership services
We can also provide you with certain contents or services from other companies we have partnered with. Through these partnership services, you can provide information not only to us but also to third parties. However, we are not responsible for how to collect or use user information from other companies. We are not responsible for the Terms of Use, responsibilities, and obligations related to the services of other companies you use through our services.
User’s
information management
We provide the following tools to help you manage your information on your own.
1) - Users and legal representatives of children under the age of 14 can inquire, modify, and delete their personal information in our custody, and request withdrawal of consent or termination of service.
Users can withdraw their consent to collect and use personal information at any time through "application for termination of service through mail, etc." For children under the age of 14, the legal representative has the right to consent to the collection and use of their personal information, the right to inquire or modify, delete personal information, and withdraw consent to collect and use.
If a user requests correction of an error in personal information, the personal information is not used or provided until correction is completed. In addition, if wrong personal information has already been provided to a third party, we will notify the third party of the correction process without delay so that the correction can be made.
The exercise of rights under this Article may be carried out through the user himself, legal representative, or delegated person. In this process, you can request identification card verification to confirm whether the person who made the request according to the right of the data subject is you or a legitimate agent.
For Californian consumers
Residents of California, USA have privacy rights under California laws, including the 2018 Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Children
’
s Personal Information
We do not deliberately collect personal information from people under the age of 13. In addition, some information from EU users aged 13 to 16 may be restricted from collecting, using, and storing. Therefore, in some cases, there may be features that cannot be provided to these users. If the legal basis for processing your information is 'consent' and your country requires parental consent, we may require your parent's consent before collecting/using it.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in our personal information practices concerning the Service, or changes in the applicable law. We will post a notice on our Service to notify you in advance of material changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact
support@whoyaho.com