Radar
shows you
live
,
up-to-the-minute
bus locations in the Metro Vancouver public transit system.
Radar is designed to work with iPhone and iPod touch running iOS 10.0 or later, and phones running Android 5.0 or later
Privacy Policy
We believe in your right to privacy. With this document, we want to be clear about what information we are collecting, and why and how we are collecting it, so you can make an informed decision about using our services. While some information is collected to provide services to you via our website and mobile app, we prefer collecting as little about you as possible. We do not make money by selling your personal information or data.
This document is updated over time to reflect policy changes, provide clarity, and make corrections. It was first published on
November 28, 2018
and last updated on
March 31, 2019
.
Mobile Application Downloads and Usage
The Radar for Metro Vancouver Buses mobile app is available for download on the App Store and on Google Play. Update checking, payment processing, and built-in app analytics and crash logging are managed by Apple and Google respectively. Apple and Google may provide you with additional options to opt out of information collection when using their services.
As you use and interact with online features of the app, we collect the following information:
the opaque and anonymous identifier generated on first launch of the app
the IP address of your device, which may reveal information about your location
the name and parameters of the resource requested, such as bus locations for a route at a stop
the location at the center of the map, only when querying bus stops in the area when the map is zoomed in
the name and version number of the operating system
the date and time of the interaction
We may inspect specific entries to troubleshoot issues, as well as analyze the information in aggregate to study general statistical trends to better understand your needs and to make future improvements to our services.
To clarify the collection of location information, we do not explicitly collect your device's location. When collecting the location at the center of the map, no additional characterization is added to indicate whether it is also your device's location. While access to your device's location will enhance functionality, it is not required to use the app.
We do not collect anything from the displays, cameras, or microphones of your device.
Website Usage
When you visit our website, we collect the following information:
the IP address of your device, which may reveal information about your location
the name and version number of the operating system and web browser (also known as user agent)
the path to the page viewed
the date and time of the visit
In addition, we use Google Analytics to gain insights from user demographics and engagement.
Support
If you contact us via Twitter, we collect your Twitter username and any information you voluntarily provide via your tweets. If you contact us via the support form on our website, we collect your name, email address, and any information you voluntarily provide when filling in the form. This information is collected solely to help answer your inquiry and resolve issues.
Data Storage Location
All data collected is held on computers and servers located within Canada and the United States.