Do you need to see all sections open?
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://edreamsodigeo-privacy.my.onetrust.com/webform/6c5da0dc-05a2-4059-a58b-a144b7de6001/c8cbcfda-d8d5-456c-98b0-845d14b74c84:
Welcome to our Privacy Form!
Do you want to exercise your data rights? You have come to the correct place!
Please, provide all relevant information to help us to identify you/data subject in our records.
Important note:
Customer service requests are out of scope of this form
(for example, regarding confirmation email and booking status; trip changes, cancellations, refund or invoice requests;
enquiry about your Prime account
).
How to address any customer service request?
- Login into your account or
MyTrips
area (How? Go to our homepage, click in the top right hand corner on “My Account” and log in -with your account or as a guest), where you can directly manage yourself with a simple click on most of the customer service requests.
- Check our
Help Centre
(How? Go to our homepage, click in the top right hand corner on “Can we help?”), where you will find relevant information on any customer service matter, and you will be able to chat with our customer service team.
For matters unrelated to data rights, please follow the links provided.
Prime Unsubscription
My Trips
Help Center
Change Flights
Which right would you/the data subject like to exercise?
*
Whose rights are you exercising?
*
Your details or, if you are making the request on behalf of someone else, the person the request is about.
Please, bear in mind that, as said in the
Privacy Notice
, the email is, not only authentication information but the main identity verification information. If you have used different emails for your bookings, accounts or any other interaction, please fulfil a Privacy Form for each email, as we will provide you with the personal data that we have linked to such emails.
Email introduced in the account or booking, unless you're asking for an email rectification, which in such case you must introduce the correct email
Confirm Email
First name of the data subject
First name of the data subject (in case you're exercising a data right for another person, introduce in the comment section your full name).
Last Name of the data subject
Last name of the data subject (in case you're exercising a data right for another person, introduce in the comment section your full name).
Data subject’s declaration and submission
By clicking on the submit box you are confirming that you are the referred person in this Privacy Form and that you understand that the information you have supplied will be used to confirm your identity and assist in responding to your request, as well as for any other legal requirements or legal dispute purposes. Any person who unlawfully obtains or attempts to obtain the personal data of others without legal grounds to do so is guilty of a criminal offence and is liable to prosecution.
By clicking on the submit box you confirm you have read and understood our
Privacy Notice
. In any case, this information will be processed for providing you with the corresponding response or any legal requirements or disputes and will be deleted once our legal obligations prescribe.
Select a File
Files larger than 4 MB are not supported.
Submit
First name of the data subject (in case you're exercising a data right for another person, introduce in the comment section your full name).
Last name of the data subject (in case you're exercising a data right for another person, introduce in the comment section your full name).