Jane Street Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 21, 2017; Last Updated: October 16th, 2020
Applicability.
This Policy describes how Jane Street treats the personal information
we collect from you. If you have offline dealings with us in Europe, for example as a client/counterparty of Jane Street Financial Limited or Jane Street Netherlands B.V., please
click here (in the case of JSF)
or
here (in the case of JSN)
to view the applicable privacy policy.
By interacting with us, you consent to our privacy practices.
What information we collect.
Contact information.
This includes your name and email address. It
may also include your phone number and address. We may also collect
your title and company name, or school affiliation.
Employment information.
We collect education and job history from
applicants and employees. This includes information you submit as part
of your resume.
Posted content.
Where you post comments to our sites, for example,
on the Jane Street Blog, your posts will be publicly viewable.
Site usage.
We collect information about the browser and computer
you use to access our website. This might include your IP address. We
might also collect information about the sites you visit before and
after visiting our websites. To learn more about our passive
information activities please read our
Ad and Cookie
Policy
.
How we use information.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions.
We
use your contact and employment information to process your requests
and applications.
We use information to run and improve our websites and our
business.
We might use your contact, posted content, and site usage
information to measure and analyze our websites. This helps us make
our websites better.
We use information for security purposes.
We use all categories of
information to protect our company, our clients, or our websites.
We use information to send you communications.
We use contact
information to provide you with information about Jane Street or
services or events in which we think you would be interested. We also
use this information to contact you about your relationship with us.
This may be about our Policy or our website Terms.
We may use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may
notify you.
If you are in Europe:
Our basis for processing your information is
typically to perform a contract, based on consent or for our
legitimate interests.
How we collect information.
We collect information you provide.
We collect contact and posted
content information when you submit it online. This includes when you
sign up to attend events, to receive emails or puzzles, or to enter
contests. We may collect contact information from you at events. We
collect contact and employment information if you apply for a job or
internship. This may be online or in person.
We collect information from you passively.
We use tracking tools
like browser cookies and web beacons to collect site usage information
about your use of the website over time. We do this on our websites
and in emails that we send to you. We may have third parties collect
information this way. Learn more about these tools and
how you can control them in our Ad and Cookie Policy.
We get information about you from third parties.
Our third-party
partners and associates may give us contact information about you.
These might include social media websites.
We combine information.
We combine information that we have
collected from various sources, such as offline, online, and
information we get from third parties. We combine information
collected across devices, such as
computers and mobile devices.
We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within the Jane Street family of
companies.
We will share information with vendors who perform services on our
behalf.
We share contact and site usage information with vendors who
help us manage our website or send or store emails on our behalf. We
also provide contact and employment information to vendors who provide
human resource support. We may also share contact and site usage
information with third parties that assist us in driving job
applicants to our website. Some vendors may be located outside of the
United States and outside of the European Economic Area.
We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply
with the law or to protect ourselves.
We will share information to
respond to a court order or subpoena or if a government agency or
investigatory body requests. This includes sharing information with
the US government. We also share information when we are investigating
potential fraud. We will also include your information in a
publicly-available winner’s list if you are the winner of a promotion.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our
business as permitted by law.
We may share contact or employment
information if all or part of our business was sold. If there is a
merger or acquisition, we may share this same information. Where
legally required, we will give you prior notice and, if you have the
legal right to do so, allow you to object.
We may share information for other reasons we describe to you or as
permitted by law.
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails.
To stop receiving promotional
emails from us, including for example, from the Jane Street Blog or the
Morning Note, follow the instructions in those email messages. Even if
you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we may continue to send
you other types of messages about your relationship with us where
permitted by law. For example, we may still contact you in response to
job applications or events. To request deletion of your information,
please email us at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
.
You can control cookies and tracking tools.
To learn how to manage
cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our
Do Not Track
policy, please
click here
.
California residents’ rights.
If you reside in California and are
not a job applicant, employee, or employee of another company
interacting with us in your job role, you have the right to request
what information we collect, use, and disclose. You also have the
right to request that we delete your information. To make a request,
you can contact us at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
or call us at +1 646 759 6000. We will use reasonable methods to
verify you, based on your type of request. We will not discriminate
against you because you have exercised any of your privacy rights
under the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can designate an agent
to make a request by having them execute a notarized power of attorney
to act on your behalf.
Sales of personal information.
Under California law, we are
required to tell you if we “sell” information as that term is defined
by applicable law. “Sell” means to share personal information with a
third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. We do not
sell your personal information based on our understanding of that
term. We also have disclosure obligations in Nevada. We do not
exchange Nevada residents’ personal information for money with anyone
so they may license or sell the personal information to additional
parties. We do not sell personal information of minors under the age
of 16. Nevada residents may opt out of the future sale of their
information to a third party so that they may license or sell
information by emailing us at: You may contact us with questions or
requests regarding the sale of your information at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
.
EU Residents.
As required by law, you have certain rights. This
includes a right to access, correct, and erase your information. You
also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory
authority. Please contact us at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
.
If you are in Singapore.
If you have any requests or questions
about Jane Street’s privacy policy as it pertains to Singapore’s
Personal Data Protection Act 2012, please contact our Singapore Data
Protection Officer at
sgp-data-protection-officer@janestreet.com
.
You have other controls you can exercise.
You can choose whether
or not to share personal information. If you choose not to share, some
parts of our websites and some services may be more difficult or
impossible to use. To update or correct your information, you can
email us at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
.
These sites are not intended for, or appealing to, children.
Our sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect
personally-identifiable information from children under 13. If you are
a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us
information, please email us at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
.
Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.”
We use standard security measures.
The Internet is not 100% secure.
We cannot promise that your use
of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution
when using the Internet.
We keep personal information as long as it is needed or relevant for
our business. We also keep information as required by law.
We collect and store information both in and outside of the United States.
Information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored
within the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Hong
Kong. If you live outside of these jurisdictions you understand and
agree that we may transfer your information to the United States or
Hong Kong. This site is subject to US laws, which may not afford the
same level of protection of those in your country.
We may link to third-party sites or services we don’t control.
If you click on some links on our sites, you will be taken to websites
we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices
of those websites. We are not responsible for these third-party sites
or services.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy or want to access, delete,
or correct your information, please email us at
privacy-policy@janestreet.com
.
For Singapore-specific queries, please email our Singapore Data Protection
Officer at
sgp-data-protection-officer@janestreet.com
.
You can also write to us at:
Jane Street
c/o Legal and Compliance
250 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, NY 10281
What we will do if there is an update to this policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy practices. We will notify
you of any material changes to this policy as required by law. We will
also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site
periodically for updates.