Skip to content
Privacy Policy
What personal data we collect and why we collect it?
Here’s an overview of the data we collect and store:‍
1.The app automatically saves all user provided information to our server. For example user names, profile photos, clock in/out time information. This is done to provide data backups and the ability to log-in to multiple devices.‍
2.We also automatically save general info such as your device type, OS version, when you last used the app and when you first installed. This is used to help us improve application performance and resolve issues.
3.Our services offer all users the ability to register and log in using your third-party account details (like Google, Apple or Facebook logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from the third party provider. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant services.
4.Your device location will be locally stored on your own device. The app needs your device location even when it is not running. However you are still in control, you can disable the tracking feature partially, in some days, in some hours of day, or completely. General location data will not be sent and stored on our servers and will only be used to detect your work locations and amount of time you spend in each site. When you select to save a time shift with location data, that time block will be stored on our server for your records.
How do I opt out and delete all of my stored information?
Unfortunately, the app requires the mentioned data to properly function. If you want to opt out of data collection, please use the ‘help’ feature in the app to send us a message requesting deletion of your information. After sending that message go ahead and uninstall the app.
Once we receive your request, we’ll remove your information from our server and will send you a confirmation within a reasonable amount of time. Any stored location data will be removed along with the deletion of your tracked times.
How long do you retain data?
We will retain user-provided data for as long as you use the application and for a reasonable time after. We will retain automatically collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
Children
We do not use the application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us from inside the app (see ‘How do I opt out and delete all of my stored information’). We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you from inside the application or on our website. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing” means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information. This activity may take place anywhere around the world (due to our use of global cloud services), however, most often it will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using ShiftFlow, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via ‘help’ feature in the app and send us a message.