Privacy Policy
Published on
：
2023.2.27
In order to provide you with this mobile application “TopWatch”
(the “App” or “Software” or “Services”), Haikou Huiliu Network Technology Co. LTD. (hereinafter as “we”, “our”, or “us”) needs to collect some privacy information about you. We take your privacy information very seriously and this privacy policy explains the information we collect, how we treat your information and protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Thanks for choosing our Software and Service. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand it. If you use the Software and Service, we consider you to consent the terms and conditions described in this document.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
1. What kinds of information we collect from you?
There are two general categories of information we will process:
1.1 Information may be automatically collected
When you use or access the Software and the Service, some information about you may be automatically collected as follows:
1) We may use API provided by iOS to collect the technical information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. This information could include the type, name and version of operating system:(i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider), Internet protocol (IP) address; (iii)IDFA                        (Identifier For Advertising) ; (iv) status of the WLAN.
2)
We may use API provided by iOS to collect certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device, including the Software and Services, such as when and how you use the Software and Services, and how frequently you use them.
3) We may use API provided by Apple Store to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
1.2 Information that you provide to us
1
) We may access to the location of your device. When you use the
Weather Forecasting
of our Software
, we need to access to the location of your device to obtain the weather data of the city of your current position and feedback such data to you.
2
) We may access to the sports information. In order to facilitate you to view
the type or amount of exercise (such as the number of steps, walking miles), exercise track, exercise duration, calories consumed and other exercise data, the Software provides the function of displaying such exercise
information on the desktop of the device. When you use such function, the Software needs to access the above exercise information collected by the motion sensor of your device system to achieve the effect of such function.
2. How we use your information?
2.1 The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
1) to operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
2) to improve and customize the Software and the Service;
3) to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;
4) to notify you of the Software and the Service updates;
5) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback;
6) to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service;
and
7)to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
2.1 If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
3. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not share any personal information that we have collected from you except for the following events:
1) If we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our users, its partners, or the general public);
2) In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will be among the assets transferred;
3) We may share your information with certain third parties (including, without limitation, search engines, content providers, and advertising networks and platforms) that provide various services (such as advertising, marketing, analysis, content, and search) in connection with the Software and the Service. We take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such information, and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured, (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose other than to provide us with the Service; and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with the applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy.
If you want to delete any personal information that we have shared with the third parties, please contact us through the email displayed below. We would try our best to notify the third party of deleting the relative personal data, but no warranty as to the deletion is made by us.
4) We may also share personal information with our subsidiaries, affiliated and parent companies but their use of such information must comply with the applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy.
4. How long we maintain your personal information?
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some information may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
5. Transfer of data outside your territory
We work in the international space and provide the Software to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Service. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
6. Third Party Websites or App
There are a number of places on our Services where you may click on a link to access other websites or app that do not operate by us. For example, if you click on an advertisement on our Services, you may be taken to a website or app that we do not control. Such third- party websites or app may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites or app. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use or inability to use such third- party websites or app. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such third- party websites or app. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites or app you visit.
7. How we protect your personal information
We take security measures including administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no system can be completely security. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
8. Right of access, modification and deletion of your information
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your personal information which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Service. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.
9. Privacy policy concerning children
The Service offered by us are not intended for children under 13 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Service. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
10. Changes to this privacy policy
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time.
11. Any question?
If you have any questions about the Service or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to obtain a previous version of the current document, feel free to contact us at [topwatchfaces@163.com].