You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Home
/
Legals
Legals
Cookie policy
Payment and delivery T&C
Privacy Policy
Sales and Returns Policies and Consumer - Protection Procedures
C D GENERAL TRADING LLC (“CDGT”) Terms Of Service
Cookie policy
Cookie policy C D GENERAL TRADING LLC (“CDGT”) Cookie Policy
At CDGT, we use cookies and other similar technologies like pixels and tags to allow our website to work, to analyze and improve it, to personalize your experience and to show you relevant advertising. Here's a breakdown of what that means for you.
1. What are cookies?
Cookies are pretty cool. They make your online experience personalized by helping us show you relevant CDGT adverts when you browse other websites, helping us to understand how you are using our own website, and saving you lots of time by remembering your details. But how do they do it?
Cookies are actually small files that are stored on your computer or phone. They store small bits of data so that when you visit a website, it can remember your preferences and make sure it shows you content that is relevant to you.
All cookies have expiry dates that determine how long they stay in your browser:
Session cookies are temporary cookies that expire automatically whenever you close your browser or once your session ends.
Persistent cookies usually stay in your browser for a set period, until your browser erases them when the cookie reaches its expiration date or until you manually delete them.
2. How we track emails
Every email we send to you contains small files known as tracking pixels.
These are small graphic files that contain unique identifiers that enable us to recognize when our marketing subscribers have opened an email or clicked certain links. This allows us to record each subscriber's email address, IP address, device ID, date, and time associated with each open and click for a campaign.
We use this data to create reports about how interesting or useful our marketing campaigns were to our users, then we can adjust them to make our campaigns more relevant. For example, if you never open emails about sushi, we'll start to assume you don't want to receive emails about sushi!
3. Turning off cookies
If you turn off all cookies, CDGT won't work properly. We do not recommend turning off all cookies when using our websites. But if you want to, you can delete your cookies and manage how cookies are used for the browser you use.
Here are the instructions for desktop browsers:
GoogleChrome
Firefox
Safari
InternetExplorer
And here are the instructions for mobile browsers:
Google Chrome on Android
Firefox on Android
Safari on iOS
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
4. Need more information?
Our Customer and Rider Privacy Policies contain more information about users' data protection rights. If you have any other questions about the way we use cookies, you can contact our general customer services team at: info@citydrinks.com.
5. Necessary Cookies
Without cookies most websites wouldn't work, that includes CDGT. Necessary cookies are essential for the operation of our website, your browsing experience and they enable us to authenticate you.
The cookies necessary for CDGT to work allow us to:
Add items to your basket and create an order
Check your order status
Enable customer service agents to chat with you
Keep records of your consent to our use of Cookies
Our payment provider Stripe also uses cookies which are necessary to remember your card details and process your payments, without storing your card details on CDGT's systems.
If you log in to CDGT using social login, the social login partner (such as Google or Facebook) will use certain cookies to allow you to log in. You can check Google and Facebook's privacy and cookie policies on their websites.
Our customer support system also uses cookies for storing context for your customer support chats.
6. Analytics cookies
Analytics cookies help us understand how people are using our website. This helps us to constantly improve things.
The analytics cookies we use allow us to see:
if you've visited CDGT before
who's visited our website without being logged into an account — this tells us how many people are new to CDGT
how much time people spend on CDGT and when they close their browser
how our customers got to CDGT — for example, if they came to our website from a Google search
which parts of our website are being used and which parts aren't
7. Cookies to improve the content you see
We're also always testing out new ways of making CDGT as good as it can be.
We do this by trying out new ideas with small groups of customers before rolling things out to everybody. In order to do this we need to use… yes, you've guessed it: Cookies!
The cookies we use for this allow us to:
know which versions of our website you are visiting
control which versions you visit — to find out which ones work best
8. Advertising cookies
We use third party cookies and pixels to collect data about your browsing activity on our website. This means we can show you relevant CDGT adverts when you browse other websites. This might include ads for food types you've ordered before — or ads showing you what it's like to be a CDGT rider or explaining how to apply if you've previously visited our rider apply page.
These partners might use cookies, attribution services or similar technologies to check whether we've shown you an ad. These cookies are applied in accordance with the partners’ cookie policy which we have no control over. You can always opt out of third-party cookies through your browser settings.
We do not share any data with third parties that may identify you. Payment and delivery Terms and Conditions
Payment and delivery Terms and Conditions
1. Information About Us
CityDrinks is operated by C D General Trading L.L.C. a company incorporated and registered in the UAE, whose registered office is at Mamoura, Khalifa Industrial 9, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.Our Company registration number is CN- 4854791. You may contact us at info@citydrinks.com, or by using the instant messaging facility on our Application.
2. Purpose
Our objective is to link you to our local dark stores ("Stores") and allow you to order Items for delivery (our "Service"). Where you order from one of our Stores, citydrinks processes your order from our Application or Website and manages your experience throughout the order process. Once you have placed an order, your Items will be delivered to you by citydrinks.
3. Service Availability
Each Store has a prescribed delivery area. This delivery area may change at any time due to factors such as weather, or demand on our service or other. This is to ensure that Items reach your door at their best. Each Store can also have varying operating hours. That means that the availability of our Service, and the range of Stores from which you can order, depends on the Stores in your area and their opening hours. If you try to order a delivery to a location outside the delivery area or operating hours of a Store, or the Application is otherwise unavailable for any reason, we will notify you that ordering will not be possible.
4. Orders
You have to log into your account, select the Items that you wish to purchase by adding them to your shopping bag. You may modify your selection throughout the purchase process but only before payment has been made. When you place an order through our Application, you are invited to enter a valid delivery address and payment method. You validate the order by clicking and pay. To minimise the risk of unauthorised access, credit card details are encrypted. As soon as the order is received, we request a pre-authorisation on the card to ensure that there are sufficient funds to complete the transaction. Once the payment method is verified, your order becomes accepted. We will send you a notification when we start delivering your order (the "Confirmation Notice"). The contract for the supply of any Item you have ordered comes into existence when we send the Confirmation Notice. You are responsible for paying for all Items ordered using your account, and for related delivery charges, and for complying with these Terms, even if you have ordered the Item for someone else. Some Stores can operate a minimum order value policy. This will be displayed on our Application. All Items are subject to availability, and should an Item be unavailable you will be refunded for the amount paid for such Item. Items available for purchase may contain nuts or other allergens. citydrinks uses different sources of information to detect such items and highlight allergens, but cannot guarantee that any of the Items sold are free of allergens even if allergen information is not present in Application. If you have any doubts about allergens, please contact us using contacts above.
5. Delivery
When you place an order we will tell you an estimated delivery time for your Item before you place the order, but we will attempt delivery as soon as possible; you must therefore be available to accept delivery from the time you place the order. Unfortunately, despite our best efforts, things do not always go to plan and factors such as traffic and weather conditions may prevent us from delivering your Item on time. If your order is more than 25 minutes late, and we haven't notified you giving you the option to cancel your order, we will work with you to make things right unless you have caused the delay (e.g. because you gave us the wrong address or did not come to the door).
We will attempt delivery at the address you provide to us when you place your order. You may also be charged for delivery, which price is shown during purchase process in the Application. You may be still be charged for the Item and for delivery in the event of a failed delivery if you have caused such failure for any reason. Reasons you might cause a delivery to fail include (but are not limited to):
You do not come to the door, did not pick up the phone when the rider contacted you using the contact information you have provided us and/or you picked up the phone but then failed to provide access within a reasonable amount of time, and the rider is unable to find a safe location to leave the food.
The rider refuses to deliver the Item to you in accordance with section 8 (Age Restricted Products).
6. Your Rights if Something is Wrong With Your Items
You have a legal right to receive goods which comply with their description, which are of satisfactory quality and which comply with any specific requirements you tell us about (and we agree to) before you place your order. If you believe that the Items you have been delivered do not comply with these legal rights, please let us know within 24 hours of receipt. We may request a photograph showing the problem if it is something that can be seen by inspecting the Items. We will provide a refund or account credit in respect of the affected part of the Item, and also in respect of delivery if the whole order was affected, unless we have reasonable cause to believe that the problem was caused after delivery.
Prior to processing your refund or account credit, we may take into account relevant factors including the details of the order, including your account history, what happened on delivery.
7. Age Restricted and Regulated Products
Age restricted products (including, without limitation, alcohol, tobacco and cigarettes) can only be sold and delivered to persons aged 18 or over for tobacco and cigarettes and 21 or over for alcohol. By placing an order for an age restricted product, you confirm that you comply with the legal age required to buy the product. CityDrinks operates an age verification policy. As an example, customers ordering age restricted products will be asked by the rider to provide proof that they are aged 18 or 21 or over before the delivery is completed. The rider may refuse to deliver any age restricted product to any person unless they can provide valid photo ID proving that they are aged 18 or 21 or over. Other verification methods could also be applied and may result in the refusal of delivery of any age restricted products. CityDrinks may refuse to deliver alcohol to any person who is, or appears to be under the inﬂuence of alcohol.If the driver cannot confirm your age and refuses to deliver any age restricted product, you will get a refund of the amount paid for the Items as long as the product is not perishable or has been damaged but will not get a refund on delivery charges or expenses incurred.
8. Cancellation
You may cancel an order without charge at any time before we accept the order. If you wish to cancel an order, please contact us immediately, via our Application. If we confirm the order has not started delivery yet, we will refund your payment (excluding any discount, or Voucher or Promo code that was applied to the order - see Voucher Terms for more detail). If you cancel any order after it gets picked up by the rider, you may be charged the full price for the Items, and if the rider has been dispatched you will also be charged for delivery.
CityDrinks may notify you that an order has been cancelled at any time. You will not be charged for any orders cancelled by us, and we will reimburse you for any payment already made using the same method you used to pay for your order. We may also apply credit to your account to reﬂect the inconvenience caused.
9. Prices, Payment and Offers
The Price of the Items is the one displayed on the Application. Prices include VAT. You confirm that you are using our Service for personal, non-commercial use unless you request a VAT invoice. CityDrinks may operate dynamic pricing some of the time, which means that prices of Items and delivery cost may change while you are browsing. Prices can also change at any time at our discretion. We reserve the right to charge a Service Fee, which may be subject to change, for the provision of our Services. You will be notified of any applicable Service Fee and taxes prior to purchase on the checkout page on our Application. No changes will affect existing confirmed orders. If there is an obvious pricing mistake, we will notify you as soon as we can, and you will have the choice of confirming the order at the original price or cancelling the order without charge and with a full refund of any money already paid. Where citydrinks makes a delivery, we may also charge you a delivery fee. This will be notified to you during the order process before you complete your order.
The total price of your order will be set out on the checkout page on our Application, including the prices of Items and Delivery and applicable Service Fees and taxes.   Payment for all Items and deliveries can be made on our Application by credit or debit card, or other payment method made available by citydrinks. Once your order has been confirmed your credit or debit card will be authorized and the total amount marked for payment. Payment is made directly to citydrinks. Payment may also be made by using vouchers or account credit. Use of these is subject to citydrinks’ Voucher Terms.   Where cash payment is possible, this will be made clear on our Application before you place your order.   CityDrinks sometimes make special offers available through Application. These offers are at the discretion of each Store. Unless the offer terms state a fixed or minimum period for which an offer will be available, it can be withdrawn at any time, unless you have already placed an order based on the offer, and we have sent the Confirmation Notice.
10. Tips
After you receive your order, you might have the option to pay a tip to your driver or picker. CityDrinks will collect payment on behalf of the rider, as their limited payment collection agent, and payment of the tips shall be considered a direct payment from you to the rider. Your rider will receive 100% of any payment you choose to make. As this payment is made after you receive your order, this payment is non-refundable and does not form part of your order. Depending on the payment method used for your original order, your tip may show up on your bank/credit card statement as a separate payment. Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated: 04/10/2023.
C D GENERAL TRADING LLC ("we", "our", "us" or "citydrinks") is committed to protecting the privacy of all users of our website https://citydrinks.com, or mobile applications (together, the "Sites"). Please read the following privacy policy that explains how we use and protect your information. We are the "data controller" of the information we process, unless otherwise stated.
1. Contact Details
If you have any queries or requests concerning this privacy policy or how we handle your data more generally, please get in touch by contacting our general customer services team at: info@citydrinks.com.
2. How We Collect Your Information
We collect your personal information when you interact with us or use our services, such as when you use our Sites to place an order. We also look at how visitors use our Sites, to help us improve our services and optimize customer experience.
We collect information:
when you create an account with us or you change your account settings;
when you place an order with us and during the order process (including for payment and order delivery);
when you give us your consent to contact you via email, phone, post, message or via our chat function to send you marketing campaigns, or to invite you to participate in surveys about our services, or our partners' services;
when you contact us directly via email, phone, post, message or via our chat function;
when you browse and use our Sites (before and after you create an account with us).
We also collect information from third party sites, such as advertising platforms and our fraud detection provider.
3. Information We Collect From You
As part of our commitment to the privacy of our customers and visitors to our Sites more generally, we want to be clear about the sorts of information we will collect from you.
When you visit the Sites or make a citydrinks order through the Sites, you are asked to provide information about yourself including your name, contact details, delivery address, order details and payment information such as credit or debit card information. We may also collect your date of birth to verify your age when you purchase age restricted items.
We also collect information about your usage of the Sites and information about you from any messages you post to the Sites or when you contact us or provide us with feedback, including via e-mail, letter, phone or chat function. If you contact us by phone, we record the call for training and service improvement purposes, and make notes in relation to your call.
We collect technical information from your mobile device or computer, such as its operating system, the device and connection type and the IP address from which you are accessing our Sites.
We also collect technical information about your use of our services through a mobile device, for example, carrier, location data and performance data such as mobile payment methods, interaction with other retail technology such as use of NFC Tags, QR Codes and/or use of mobile vouchers. Unless you have elected to remain anonymous through your device and/or platform settings, this information may be collected and used by us automatically if you use the service through your mobile device(s) via any citydrinks mobile application, through your mobile's browser or otherwise.
We process health information about you only where you volunteer and consent to this, for example if you specify any food allergies.The health information you share with us will be kept confidential and will not be used for non-health purposes. The food allergies you indicated will not be disclosed other than on a need-to-know basis and after obtaining your consent to ensure to the best of our ability not to suggest any foods you are allergic to.
4. Use Of Your Information
We will only process the data we collect about you if there is a reason for doing so, and if that reason is permitted under Decree Law No.45 of 2021 on the Protection of Personal Data in the UAE and its implementing regulations (the “PDPL”).
Where we need to in order to provide you with the service you have requested or to enter into a contract, we use your information:
to enable us to provide you with access to the relevant parts of the Sites;
to supply the services you have requested;
to enable us to collect payment from you;
to contact you where necessary concerning our services, such as to resolve issues you may have with your order or gather feedback about your order.
We also process your data when the processing is necessary to perform a contract to which you and us are party to (use of our services) for the personalization of our service, including processing data to make it easier and faster for you to place orders. We have listed these reasons below:
to improve the effectiveness and quality of service that our customers can expect from us in the future;
to tailor content that we or advertising partners display to you, for example so that we can show you products which are in your area or make sure you see the advertising which is most relevant to you, based on characteristics determined by us;
to enable our customer support team to help you with any inquiries or complaints in the most efficient way possible and to provide a positive customer experience;
to contact you for your views and feedback on our services or our partners' services and/or products and to notify you if there are any important changes or developments to the Sites or our services, including letting you know that our services are operating in a new area, where you have asked us to do so;
to send you information by post about our products, services and promotions (if you do not want to receive these, you can let us know by getting in touch (see Contact Details));
to analyse your activity on the Sites so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business and for statistical and analytical purposes and to help us to prevent fraud.
We also process your data to enforce our contractual terms with you and any other agreement, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims and to protect the rights of citydrinks, riders, or others (including to prevent fraud).
If you submit comments and feedback regarding the Sites and the services, we may use such comments and feedback on the Sites and in any marketing or advertising materials. We will only identify you for this purpose by your first name and the city in which you live. Where you have chosen to receive push notifications from us through our mobile application, we may send you push notifications relating to the services that you have requested from us and information about our services and offers. You can choose to stop receiving push notifications from us at any time by changing your preferences on your mobile device or by getting in touch (see Contact Details).
We will also analyse data about your use of our services from your location data to create profiles relating to you and for you. This means that we may make certain assumptions about what you may be interested in and use this, for example, to send you more tailored marketing communications, to present you with restaurants that we think you will prefer, or to let you know about special offers or products which we think you may be interested in. This activity is referred to as profiling. You have certain rights in relation to this type of processing. Please see 'Your Rights' section below for more information.
5. Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Site may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy citydrinks.com/legals.
6. Direct Marketing
Where you have given your consent we will use your information to let you know about our other products and services that may be of interest to you and we may contact you to do so by email, post or phone. You can control your marketing preferences by:
visiting our mobile application;
clicking on "Menu" at the main page of the app
scrolling down to "Notification settings".
Personal data collected for direct marketing purposes can either be shared directly by you or extracted from third party service providers or systems used for the operation of the application. You consent to our processing of your personal data for promotional purposes and direct marketing by ticking on the “marketing consent box” at the bottom of the policy.
You acknowledge that your consent evidenced by ticking the “marketing consent box” is clear, simple, unambiguous and easily accessible.    You have the right to object to and stop the processing of your data for direct marketing purposes at any time by opting out of any direct marketing emails, post, calls or messages.
7. Automated Decision Making
We conduct fraud checks on all customers. Where we believe we may detect fraudulent activity we may block you from placing an order and using our Sites.
We undertake fraud checks on all customers because this is necessary for us to perform our contracted services to customers, by ensuring that the services we provide are duly paid for, and also so that individuals themselves are protected from fraudulent transactions on their cards.
Given the volumes of customers and orders we deal with, along with manual checks, we may use automated systems including third party fraud detection providers in order to make automated decisions as to whether or not we will accept an order.
The checks and decisions that are made look at various components including known industry indicators of fraud which our expert fraud detection provider makes available to us, as well as fraud patterns we have detected on our Sites.
You have certain rights in respect of this activity - please see 'Your Rights' section below for more information. Our fraud detection is in place to protect all of our customers as well as citydrinks. You have the right to contest any fraud decision made about you and to be given more information about why any such decision was made by contacting us as set out in section 1 above.
8. Retention Of Your Information
We will not retain your information for any longer than necessary to fulfill the process for which it was collected.
Information that we collect will be retained for as long as needed to fulfil the purposes outlined in the 'Use of your information' section above or for a period specifically required by applicable regulations or laws, such as retaining the information for regulatory reporting purposes as long as it is anonymized using the “Anonymization” feature.
When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes;
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information where we no longer require your information for the purposes collected.
9. Disclosure Of Your Information
The information we collect about you will be transferred to and stored on our servers located within the UK. We are very careful and transparent about who else your information is shared with.
We share your information with third party service providers which provide services on our behalf. The types of third party service providers whom we share your information with include for example:
Payment providers (including online payment providers and fraud detection providers) for the purposes of providing services to us, for example when they process information such as credit card payments for us, provide support services to you or carry out fraud checks for us;
IT service providers (including cloud providers) for the purposes of data storage and analysis;
Riders so they can deliver your order to you;
Customer support partners who will help us to resolve any issues you may have with our services;
Marketing and advertising partners so that they can ensure that you see advertising which is more relevant to you and send you email and postal marketing on our behalf;
Other partners with your consent to the disclosure
CityDrinks will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy when it is transferred to third parties.
If our business enters into a joint venture with, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, our new business partners or owners or their advisors.
We may also share your information:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any legal obligation or regulatory requirement. This includes exchanging information with other companies and other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention;
in order to enforce our contractual terms with you and any other agreement;
to protect the rights of citydrinks, riders, or others, including to prevent fraud;
with such third parties as we reasonably consider necessary in order to prevent crime, e.g. the police or for health and safety purposes.
10. International transfers of data
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident including to countries that are not recognized by the UAE Data Office (to be established by virtue of the PDPL) as providing an adequate level of data protection. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. In this context, we ensure that the level of protection your Personal Data is given is not adversely affected by such transfers.
This specifically means that each of the intended transfers is based on one of the following mechanisms at least:
the existence of an adequacy decision issued by the UAE Data Office for the country that your Personal Data is transferred to; or, alternatively;
the existence of an exemption related to one of the specific situations exhaustively provided for by the PDPL (e.g., where you have given your consent to such transfer having been informed of the absence of safeguards, where the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract concluded between us, where the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in your interest between us and a third party, or where the transfer is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of our legal claims, etc.).   However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
11. Security
We adopt robust technologies and policies to ensure the personal information we hold about you is suitably protected.
We take steps to protect your information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
Where you have chosen a password that allows you to access certain parts of the Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We advise you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will take steps to protect your information, and use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
12. Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights concerning the data we hold about you. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details set out above. For additional information on your rights please contact your data protection authority and see below.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, update, amend, or delete your information, or that we restrict the processing of such information by contacting us as indicated below.
You may have the right to obtain your personal information in an accessible and transferable format so that you can re-use it for your own purposes across different service providers.
Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward. This will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your information based on your consent before its withdrawal.
You can object by changing your marketing preferences, disabling cookies as set out in sections 7 and 8 above or by getting in touch (see Contact Details).
13. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted to the Sites and, where appropriate, we may notify you of the changes for example by email or push notification.
14. Complaints
If you're not satisfied with our response to any complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the UAE Data Office using the following details:
Address: KLP02 C-32 KEZAD – Khalifa Industrial Zone - Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Website: citydrinks.com   C D General Trading L.L.C., Mamoura, Khalifa Industrial 9, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, company registration number is CN-4854791.
Sales and Returns Policies and Consumer - Protection Procedures
Sales and Returns Policies and Consumer - Protection Procedures
1. Information About Us
CityDrinks is operated by C D General Trading L.L.C. a company incorporated and registered in the UAE, whose registered office is at Mamoura, Khalifa Industrial 9, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.Our Company registration number is CN- 4854791. You may contact us at info@citydrinks.com, or by using the instant messaging facility on our Application.
2. Purpose
Our objective is to link you to our local dark stores ("Stores") and allow you to order Items for delivery (our "Service"). Where you order from one of our Stores, citydrinks processes your order from our Application or Website and manages your experience throughout the order process. Once you have placed an order, your Items will be delivered to you by citydrinks.
3. Your Rights if Something is Wrong With Your Items
You have a legal right to receive goods which comply with their description, which are of satisfactory quality and which comply with any specific requirements you tell us about (and we agree to) before you place your order. If you believe that the Items you have been delivered do not comply with these legal rights, please let us know within 24 hours of receipt. We may request a photograph showing the problem if it is something that can be seen by inspecting the Items. We will provide a refund or account credit in respect of the affected part of the Item, and also in respect of delivery if the whole order was affected, unless we have reasonable cause to believe that the problem was caused after delivery.
Prior to processing your refund or account credit, we may take into account relevant factors including the details of the order, including your account history, what happened on delivery.
4. Age Restricted and Regulated Products
Age restricted products (including, without limitation, alcohol, tobacco and cigarettes) can only be sold and delivered to persons aged 18 or over for tobacco and cigarettes and 21 or over for alcohol. By placing an order for an age restricted product, you confirm that you comply with the legal age required to buy the product. CityDrinks operates an age verification policy. As an example, customers ordering age restricted products will be asked by the rider to provide proof that they are aged 18 or 21 or over before the delivery is completed. The rider may refuse to deliver any age restricted product to any person unless they can provide valid photo ID proving that they are aged 18 or 21 or over. Other verification methods could also be applied and may result in the refusal of delivery of any age restricted products. If the driver cannot confirm your age and refuses to deliver any age restricted product, you will get a refund of the amount paid as long as the product is not perishable or has been damaged.
5. Our Responsibility for Loss or Damage That You Suffer
We are responsible to you for any loss or damage that you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking of our Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) or of failing to use reasonable care and skill in relation to your use of our Service. We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is "foreseeable" if it is either obvious that it will happen, or if you told us that it might happen, for example if you tell us about particular circumstances that might increase the loss or damage arising from our breach of these Terms before you place an order.
We do not exclude or limit our responsibility to you for loss or damage where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes any responsibility for death or personal injury caused by our failure, or our employees', agents' or subcontractors' failure, to use reasonable care and skill; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the Items, as summarize at part 7 above; or for defective Items under the Federal Law No. 15 of 2020 on Consumer Protection Law in the UAE and its implementing regulations. Subject to the previous paragraph, we are not responsible for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of your own breach of these Terms, or as a result of any IT hardware or software failure other than a failure in our Applications.
6. Data Protection
We process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy which can be found here.
7. Chargebacks, refunds and disputes
When you use a card for payment through your account the issuer of that card is responsible for the settlement of the transaction. You acknowledge that transaction errors relating to such transactions may result in a reversal of the transaction, fees, claims, penalty or chargeback from the financial institution or payment services provider that has issued the payment card. You acknowledge that the financial institution or payment services provider which issues or supports the designated payment method you have linked to the wallet determines any amount reversed, returned or charged back. CityDrinks is bound to follow the instructions of that financial institution or payments services provider. You agree that you will be responsible for resolving any disputes with the financial institution which has issued your card.
If, notwithstanding the above, you have a complaint in relation to any transactions you have made using your account please contact us. Any dispute must be submitted within 30 days of the transaction in dispute. We may ask for information about the disputed transaction but please note that we will never ask you for any security information about your account.
CityDrinks reserves the right to investigate the circumstances of each complaint and determine the most appropriate course of action, including: a) declining your application for any or all of the services, b) terminating any or all of the services, c) reversing any relevant transaction, d) withholding funds from you or restricting your access to your account, or e) doing anything else we reasonably consider necessary.
We will inform you of any such actions we take unless we have reasonable belief that we are prevented from doing so by law or regulation or we believe that doing so would compromise our anti-fraud or security measures.
You acknowledge that citydrinks is under no obligation to recall funds and will not be liable if it is unable to partially or fully recall the funds subject to the dispute. You may not be eligible to receive a refund if you failed to keep the security details relating to your card safe or are a victim of financial fraud, even if the transaction was done by third parties without your knowledge or permission. C D GENERAL TRADING LLC (“CDGT”) Terms Of Service
C D GENERAL TRADING LLC (“CDGT”) Terms Of Service
Last updated: 26.04.2022
Welcome to CDGT. This page (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms (the "Terms") which apply when you order any menu items (the "Items") from our citydrinks.com website or mobile applications and related services (each referred to as an "Application"). Please read these Terms carefully before creating a CDGT account or using our Application. If you have any questions relating to these Terms please contact info@citydrinks.com. Your legal rights are not affected by these Terms, which apply in addition to them and do not replace them. Before making a purchase, the Customer will be invited to read these Terms by clicking on a link, to print them, to save them and to accept them. By setting up your CDGT account, you confirm that you accept these Terms.
1. Information About Us
CityDrinks is operated by C D General Trading L.L.C. a company incorporated and registered in the UAE, whose registered office is at Mamoura, Khalifa Industrial 9, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.Our Company registration number is CN-4854791. You may contact us at info@citydrinks.com, or by using the instant messaging facility on our Application.
2. Purpose
Our objective is to link you to our local dark stores ("Stores") and allow you to order Items for delivery (our "Service"). Where you order from one of our Online Stores, CDGT processes your order from our Application or Website and manages your experience throughout the order process. Once you have placed an order, your Items will be delivered to you by CDGT.
3. Your Account
Before you can place orders for Items using our Application, you need to open a CDGT account. When you open an account you may create a password, or other secure login method, and may also have to provide credit card details. You must keep any password you create, or other secure login method, secret, and prevent others from accessing your email account or mobile phone.You are advised not to use the same password as that used for other sites. We will not be liable in the event of loss, theft or fraudulent use of your account. You undertake to inform us immediately of any unauthorised use of your password or identification or threat of attack on your account.If another person uses these methods to access your account, you will be responsible to pay for any Items they order, and we are not responsible for any other losses you suffer, unless the person using your password obtained it because we did not keep it secure.
You may close your account at any time by requesting to do so by contacting us using the contact details above. We may suspend your access to your account, or close it permanently, if we believe that your account has been used by someone else. We may also close your account if in our opinion you are abusing our Service (for example, by applying for refunds or credit to which we do not consider you are entitled, making repeated unreasonable complaints, mistreating our staff or riders, or any other good reason). If we close your account permanently we will refund any remaining account credit you have validly obtained from our customer service team or Application following any issue with an order, by applying a credit to your registered credit card, or if that is not possible for any reason, by way of a bank transfer using bank details (provided you have supplied them to us). You should know that in case of termination or closure of the account, all your data will be lost, and you will not be able to reactivate your previous account.
4. Service Availability
Each Store has a prescribed delivery area. This delivery area may change at any time due to factors such as weather, or demand on our service or other. This is to ensure that Items reach your door at their best. Each Store can also have varying operating hours. That means that the availability of our Service, and the range of Stores from which you can order, depends on the Stores in your area and their opening hours. If you try to order a delivery to a location outside the delivery area or operating hours of a Store, or the Application is otherwise unavailable for any reason, we will notify you that ordering will not be possible.
5. Orders
You have to log into your account, select the Items that you wish to purchase by adding them to your shopping bag. You may modify your selection throughout the purchase process but only before payment has been made. When you place an order through our Application, you are invited to enter a valid delivery address and payment method. You validate the order by clicking and pay. To minimise the risk of unauthorised access, credit card details are encrypted. As soon as the order is received, we request a pre-authorisation on the card to ensure that there are sufficient funds to complete the transaction. Once the payment method is verified, your order becomes accepted. We will send you a notification when we start delivering your order (the "Confirmation Notice"). The contract for the supply of any Item you have ordered comes into existence when we send the Confirmation Notice. You are responsible for paying for all Items ordered using your account, and for related delivery charges, and for complying with these Terms, even if you have ordered the Item for someone else. Some Stores can operate a minimum order value policy. This will be displayed on our Application. All Items are subject to availability and should an Item be unavailable you will be refunded for the amount paid for such Item. Items available for purchase may contain nuts or other allergens. CDGT uses different sources of information to detect such items and highlight allergens, but cannot guarantee that any of the Items sold are free of allergens even if allergen information is not present in Application. If you have any doubts about allergens, please contact us using contacts above.
6. Delivery
When you place an order we will tell you an estimated delivery time for your Item before you place the order, but we will attempt delivery as soon as possible; you must therefore be available to accept delivery from the time you place the order. Unfortunately, despite our best efforts, things do not always go to plan and factors such as traffic and weather conditions may prevent us from delivering your Item on time. If your order is more than 25 minutes late, and we haven't notified you giving you the option to cancel your order, we will work with you to make things right unless you have caused the delay (e.g. because you gave us the wrong address or did not come to the door).
We will attempt delivery at the address you provide to us when you place your order. You may also be charged for delivery, which price is shown during purchase process in the Application. You may be still be charged for the Item and for delivery in the event of a failed delivery if you have caused such failure for any reason. Reasons you might cause a delivery to fail include (but are not limited to): You do not come to the door, did not pick up the phone when the rider contacted you using the contact information you have provided us and/or you picked up the phone but then failed to provide access within a reasonable amount of time, and the rider is unable to find a safe location to leave the food.
The rider refuses to deliver the Item to you in accordance with section 8 (Age Restricted Products).
7. Your Rights if Something is Wrong With Your Items
You have a legal right to receive goods which comply with their description, which are of satisfactory quality and which comply with any specific requirements you tell us about (and we agree to) before you place your order. If you believe that the Items you have been delivered do not comply with these legal rights, please let us know within 24 hours of receipt. We may request a photograph showing the problem if it is something that can be seen by inspecting the Items. We will provide a refund or account credit in respect of the affected part of the Item, and also in respect of delivery if the whole order was affected, unless we have reasonable cause to believe that the problem was caused after delivery. Prior to processing your refund or account credit, we may take into account relevant factors including the details of the order, including your account history, what happened on delivery.
8. Age Restricted and Regulated Products
Age restricted products (including, without limitation, alcohol, tobacco and cigarettes) can only be sold and delivered to persons aged 18 or over for tobacco and cigarettes and 21 or over for alcohol. By placing an order for an age restricted product, you confirm that you comply with the legal age required to buy the product. CDGT operates an age verification policy. As an example, customers ordering age restricted products will be asked by the rider to provide proof that they are aged 18 or 21 or over before the delivery is completed. The rider may refuse to deliver any age restricted product to any person unless they can provide valid photo ID proving that they are aged 18 or 21 or over. Other verification methods could also be applied and may result in the refusal of delivery of any age restricted products. CDGT may refuse to deliver alcohol to any person who is, or appears to be under the influence of alcohol.If the driver cannot confirm your age and refuses to deliver any age restricted product, you will get a refund of the amount paid for the Items as long as the product is not perishable or has been damaged but will not get a refund on delivery charges or expenses incurred.
9. Cancellation
You may cancel an order without charge at any time before we accept the order. If you wish to cancel an order, please contact us immediately, via our Application. If we confirm the order has not started delivery yet, we will refund your payment (excluding any discount, or Voucher or Promo code that was applied to the order - see Voucher Terms for more detail). If you cancel any order after it gets picked up by the rider, you may be charged the full price for the Items, and if the rider has been dispatched you will also be charged for delivery. CDGT may notify you that an order has been cancelled at any time. You will not be charged for any orders cancelled by us, and we will reimburse you for any payment already made using the same method you used to pay for your order. We may also apply credit to your account to reflect the inconvenience caused.
10. Prices, Payment and Offers
The Price of the Items is the one displayed on the Application. Prices include VAT. You confirm that you are using our Service for personal, noncommercial use unless you request a VAT invoice. CDGT may operate dynamic pricing some of the time, which means that prices of Items and delivery cost may change while you are browsing. Prices can also change at any time at our discretion. We reserve the right to charge a Service Fee, which may be subject to change, for the provision of our Services. You will be notified of any applicable Service Fee and taxes prior to purchase on the checkout page on our Application. No changes will affect existing confirmed orders. If there is an obvious pricing mistake we will notify you as soon as we can and you will have the choice of confirming the order at the original price or cancelling the order without charge and with a full refund of any money already paid. Where CDGT makes a delivery, we may also charge you a delivery fee. This will be notified to you during the order process before you complete your order.
The total price of your order will be set out on the checkout page on our Application, including the prices of Items and Delivery and applicable Service Fees and taxes.
Payment for all Items and deliveries can be made on our Application by credit or debit card, or other payment method made available by CDGT. Once your order has been confirmed your credit or debit card will be authorized and the total amount marked for payment. Payment is made directly to CDGT. Payment may also be made by using vouchers or account credit. Use of these is subject to CDGT' Voucher Terms.
Where cash payment is possible, this will be made clear on our Application before you place your order.
CDGT sometimes make special offers available through Application. These offers are at the discretion of each Store. Unless the offer terms state a fixed or minimum period for which an offer will be available, it can be withdrawn at any time, unless you have already placed an order based on the offer, and we have sent the Confirmation Notice.
11. Tips
After you receive your order, you might have the option to pay a tip to your driver or picker. CDGT will collect payment on behalf of the rider, as their limited payment collection agent, and payment of the tips shall be considered a direct payment from you to the rider. We'll share your first name with your rider when we notify them of the tip. Your rider will receive 100% of any payment you choose to make. As this payment is made after you receive your order, this payment is non-refundable and does not form part of your order. Depending on the payment method used for your original order, your tip may show up on your bank/credit card statement as a separate payment.
12. Our Responsibility for Loss or Damage That You Suffer
We are responsible to you for any loss or damage that you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking these Terms or of failing to use reasonable care and skill in relation to your use of our Service. We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is "foreseeable" if it is either obvious that it will happen, or if you told us that it might happen, for example if you tell us about particular circumstances that might increase the loss or damage arising from our breach of these Terms before you place an order.
We do not exclude or limit our responsibility to you for loss or damage where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes any responsibility for death or personal injury caused by our failure, or our employees', agents' or subcontractors' failure, to use reasonable care and skill; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the Items, as summarize at part 7 above; or for defective Items under the Federal Law No. 15 of 2020 on Consumer Protection Law in the UAE and its implementing regulations. Subject to the previous paragraph, we are not responsible for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of your own breach of these Terms, or as a result of any IT hardware or software failure other than a failure in our Applications.
13. Data Protection
We process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy which can be found here.
14. Intellectual Property Rights
The Application and its related software are the intellectual property of and are owned by CDGT. You agree that the software and the authorship, systems, ideas, methods of operation, documentation and other information contained in the software, are proprietary intellectual property and/or the valuable trade secrets of CDGT and that CDGT is protected by the UAE Copyright Law.
You acknowledge that these Terms do not grant you any intellectual property rights whatsoever in the Application and its related software and all rights are reserved by CDGT.
15. Other Terms
If either we or you have any right to enforce these Terms against the other, that right will not be lost even if the person who has the right delays enforcing it, or waives their right to enforce it in any instance. If a court or other authority decides that any part of these Terms is illegal or ineffective, the rest of the terms will be unaffected and will remain in force.
We may change these Terms from time to time. If we make any changes which affect your rights in relation to our Service, we will notify you. Changes to the Terms will not affect any orders you have placed where we have sent the Confirmation Notice. These Terms are governed by UAE Law and you can bring legal proceedings in relation to our Service in the Dubai courts in the UAE.