Privacy
The following Privacy Policy (“the Policy”) shall refer to the privacy policy and constitute an integral part of the EULA (“the EULA”). Terms and concepts used herein shall be similar to the terms and concepts used in the main text of the EULA. By using the Software Product, as well as the Services and the Products provided by the Author/Copyright Holder, the User agrees to this Policy. Should the User refuse to comply with the Policy, such User shall be obligated to stop using the Software Product. This Policy shall apply to any Services and Products offered by the Author/Copyright Holder both through the Muza Mobile App for iOS and Android and through the following websites:
https://appmuza.com
.
The Concept of Confidential Information
Confidential Information shall mean all identifying information received by the Author/Copyright Holder and/or the Administrator from the User during the use of the Software Product. This information can be used to contact the User online and in other ways, if necessary. Personal data shall constitute an integral part of Confidential Information provided by the User, solely on a voluntary basis and with his or her explicit consent.
The User shall provide such explicit consent under Art. 7, Art. 8, and Art. 11 of the Law of Ukraine “On the Protection of Personal Data”; such consent shall remain indefinitely valid and unlimited in terms of the validity area and shall constitute the basis for the processing of personal data.
The User expressly agrees that access to the Author/Copyright Holder’s Software Product requires the mandatory provision of Confidential Information because only in this case will all the sections of the Software Product and the Services be available to the User for use.
Composition of Confidential Information:
Data collected by analytics services.
Device information.
Cookies.
Server logs.
Primary user data entered by the User during registration or subsequent use of the Software product, such as name, email, content preferences, and other data.
Face data and media.
Composition of Personal Data:
The Software product is integrated with analytics services: Firebase, Google Analytics, Facebook SDK, Apps Flyer, and Apple Store Analytics. The personal data composition may be directly described in user agreements and data privacy policies of the systems and is available for User review in the aforementioned services (for example, https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics). After registration, the Software product will obtain primary user data that may be used during the further operation of the Software product. The program also has access to the unique user identifier, data about the user's language and country, device identifier, device type, transaction identifier, and other open information about the user's device.
User Media Data and Facial Data Usage:
The app may access users' photos and videos with their consent. This is necessary for the Muza Editor to perform its functions. All photos imported by the user are stored exclusively on their device. These photos are not transmitted to any servers or third-party services, ensuring complete privacy on the user's device.
The application utilizes neural networks from Vision and external sources to identify landmarks, segmentation maps, and facial bounding boxes in photos. This is essential for the functionality of photo editing tools, specifically those designed for facial editing, which are available in the Face tab of the editor. All collected data are stored in the project structure locally on the user's device and are neither transmitted nor synchronized with other services or servers.
The data will remain on the device until the user deletes the project.
Purposes of Collecting Confidential Information:
Provision for the functioning of the Software Product and Services.
Improvement of the Services and Products provided by the Author/Copyright Holder.
Use of Personal Information
Both the Author/Copyright Holder and the Administrator shall undertake not to assist in the dissemination of Users’ personal data nor to transfer such information to third parties, except for the following cases:
the User has voluntarily and expressly wished to disclose this information;
personal data is subject to distribution under the current legislation of Ukraine;
the User has violated the EULA;
subject to the User’s prior consent expressly provided through the Software Product Services.
The Author/Copyright Holder and/or the Administrator shall have the right to conduct statistical, demographic, and marketing research using Confidential Information. The results of such research shall not constitute Confidential Information. In any case, the Author/Copyright Holder shall guarantee that the research results will be used without any connection to the personal information provided by the User and will not allow identifying a specific User. The User agrees to receive personal messages of any nature, including advertising, from the Author/Copyright Holder and/or the Administrator at the email address at any time.
Placement of Personal Information by the User when Using the Software Product
The User shall have the right voluntarily to provide third parties with any information about himself or herself while using the Software Product. This information shall be deemed publicly available, and the Author/Copyright Holder and/or the Administrator shall not be held liable in any way for the consequences of such actions of the User. The User warrants that the information provided to third parties and the Author/Copyright Holder cannot:
be false, inaccurate, or misleading;
promote fraud, deceit, or breach of trust;
violate or infringe on the property, trade secrets, or right of a third party to privacy;
instigate the commission of a crime, as well as incite ethnic hatred;
contain information that harms the reputation—including business reputation—of and gives offense to a third party or contains slander or threats;
be obscene or pornographic in nature;
contain computer viruses, as well as other computer programs aimed, in particular, at causing harm, unauthorized intrusion, secret interception, or acquisition of data;
otherwise violate the current legislation of Ukraine.
Collection and Storage of Confidential Information
The Author/Copyright Holder and/or the Administrator shall collect, store, and use Confidential Information in strict accordance herewith. The Author/Copyright Holder shall adopt all the necessary measures to ensure the storage and use of the received information properly. Confidential Information shall be collected automatically when the User visits the Software Product and when the User fills out the forms offered by the Software Product.
The Author/Copyright Holder shall make every effort to minimize the risk of unauthorized access to, and improper use of, Confidential Information but shall not be held liable in any way in the case of access to any Confidential Information by third parties.
Other Websites and Services
The Author/Copyright Holder shall not be held liable for the actions of other websites or Services that contain links to the Muza Mobile App or links that are contained on these Services, including for the information posted thereon nor content thereof. Upon the User’s leaving the Muza Mobile App for iOS and Android and
https://appmuza.com
web resource via a link to another website or service, this Policy shall not apply to such third-party websites and services.
As the Author/Copyright Holder shall reserve the right to amend or update this Privacy Policy, the User shall undertake to read and review this document from time to time. The Author/Copyright Holder shall have the right to provide additional forms of notification of changes or updates as appropriate. The User’s continued use of the Software Product or the Services after the Privacy Policy has been amended shall constitute the User’s full and unconditional acceptance of these amendments.
In case of disputes when using the Software Product, as well as in other cases provided for by the EULA for the use of the Muza Mobile App for iOS and Android and
https://appmuza.com
website or by the current legislation of Ukraine, the User shall undertake to provide the Author/Copyright Holder with personal data upon request, including the provision of the same in writing. The Author/Copyright Holder shall reserve the right to store all the Confidential Information, including changeable and changed User-specific personal data, for five years after the User refuses to use the Muza Mobile App for iOS and Android and
https://appmuza.com
web resource.