Privacy Policy: Dating Square, 65square, 65sqan, 65square for Business, Train Those Lips, 65square Age and Gender Guesser
Privacy Policies:
Select app:
T
rain Those Lips App
65square: Age / Gender Guesser
Dating Square
65sqan
65square – Coming Soon
65square for Business – Coming Soon
Privacy Policy – Train Those Lips App
Last updated: Oct. 21, 2023
1. This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the
collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the
Service/mobile app known as “Train Those Lips by 65square” and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects
You.
2. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By
using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
3. The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings
defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall
have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or
in plural.
Definitions
4. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control”
means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other
securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing
authority.
Application
means the software program provided by
the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Train Those Lips by 65square. It may also include 65square, Dating Square by
65square or Train Those Lips.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”,
“Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to 12981114 Canada Foundation,
9-3041 Dougall Ave. Windsor, ON Suite 178,  N9E 1S3. It also includes
65square, its entities or subsidiaries.
Country
refers to: Ontario, Canada
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. It may also include sensitive data.
Service
refers to the Application and may also include other services like 65square’s full social media application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person
who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to
third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to
facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company,
to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in
analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically,
either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service
infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the
Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such
individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
5. While using Our Service, We will ask You to provide Us with certain
information which may be considered sensitive. This information will include:
Videos, images, sounds, voices (when using our Train Those Lips mobile app only) of you or your face, only while using the app
Information Collected while Using the Application
6. While using Our Application, in order to improve features of Our Applications, We will collect, with Your prior permission:
Videos you will create only while using the Train Those Lips app.
Your input as to the accuracy of our lip reading AI model
7. We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to
improve and customize Our Service. The information will be uploaded to
our Company’s servers and/or a Service Provider’s server. It will not be used or accessed by any third party, only our team which includes AI Engineers who will assess the data to see if it acceptable for training of our AI models. You can stop the usage of your data at any time by contacting us and including a picture of your face and approximate time and date when you used the that was used in the Train Those Lips app (as we will have no other way to identify you).
Use of Your Personal Data
8. The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To update and train our
artificial intelligence system (
AI) lip reading model
.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information
to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of
Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy,
liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us
about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
9. We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, or to train our AI model. At all times, your data will remain private and
will
not be
accessible to the general public or via the world wide web.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer
Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of,
any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or
a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with
Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor
this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any
other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We
control or that are under common control with Us.
Retention of Your Personal Data
10. The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is
necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will
retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with
our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your
data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our
legal agreements and policies.
11. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis
purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time,
except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve
the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain
this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
12. Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the
Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties
involved in the processing are located. All of the parties involved in the processing of this data (including our AI Engineers) have been verified, vetted and have executed non-disclosure agreements so that they are obligated to not shared information they are not permitted to.
13. They may be transfer your data to computers  or servers located outside of
Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where
the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
14. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
15. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that
Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy
and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an
organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place
including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
16. If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale,
Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before
Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different
Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
17. Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose
Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid
requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
18. The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
19. The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember
that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
20. Our Service does not currently address anyone under the age of 13 although child under 18 may use the Service if their parent explicitly consents and is present for the collection of the data. We do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under
the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that
Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If you
are aware and have consented to your child using our Application; thank
you and no further action is required. If We become aware that We have
collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without
verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that
information from Our servers.
21. If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your
information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may
require Your parent’s consent before We collect and use that
information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
22. We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify
You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
23. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our
Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last
updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
24. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are
posted on this page.
Contact Us
25. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: info@helpusdefend.com
Privacy Policy – 65square Age / Gender Guesser
Last updated: Oct. 21, 2023
26. This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service/mobile app known as “65square Age/Gender Guesser” and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
27. This app collects no data and can be operated without any internet connection. We are not collecting performance data and the app was created solely for demonstration purposes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: info@helpusdefend.com
Dating Square by 65square
Privacy Policy – Dating Square
Last updated: Dec. 13, 2023
1. This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, store, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service/mobile app known as “Dating Square by 65square” and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
2. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
3. The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Dating square by 65square.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our ” in this Agreement) refers to 15461812 Canada Inc. SUITE 281, 2949 17 Ave SE Calgary, AB T2A 1B7
.
It also includes 65square, its entities or subsidiaries.
Country
refers to: Alberta, Canada
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. It may also include sensitive data.
Sensitive personal data
is
a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers, biometric data, sexual orientation.
Service
refers to the Application and may also include other services like 65square’s full social media application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal information
4. While using Our Service for the first time, We will ask You to provide Us personal information which may be considered sensitive for verification (to prevent fake accounts). That includes First Name, Date of birth, Gender, photo in passport, passport identification number, passport Nationality.
5. While setting up an account, We will ask You to provide Us with basic information including Username, password, email address, age, personalized preference, sexual orientation, Profile image.  After creating Your profile on Our dating platform, You have the option to share additional information such as photos, bio, interests, and videos in Your profile page. We recommend not to put information which is open to abuse or misuse on Your profile.
6
.
When You contact Us via the Service, or You send Us a report or complaint, We collect Personal Information, such as: Your name, Email address to provide You with support, or respond to Your complaint.
Even if Your complaint is about the user inside the system, We will not share Your personal information with that User unless it is in regards to a copyright complaint.
Information Collected while Using the Application
7. While using Our Application, We will collect certain information, with Your prior permission:
Mobile Device Access:
We may request access or permission to certain features from Your mobile device, including Your mobile device’s camera, microphone, photo gallery, and other features.
We will capture screenshots and/or video clips from logins which will be stored securely and possibly used for training of our AI models in the future. We will not allow any other parties to have access to this data unless specified herein.
8. We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. Primarily it will be used for account security (making sure the person logging in is the person that should be logging in). The information will be uploaded to our Company’s servers and/or a Service Provider’s server. You can stop the usage of Your data at any time by contacting Us by using the contact information provided
at the end of this policy
and include the email address associated with Your account. Alternatively, you may delete your account inside the Dating Square application which is located in the Settings / Location Menu.
Use of Your Personal Data
9. The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To facilitate account creation:
We may use Your information so You can create and log in to Your account, as well as keep Your account in working order.
To ensure account security:
We will use Your information to make sure the person logging in is the person that should be logging in.
To enable user-to-user communications:
If You choose to use any of Our Services that allow for communication with another user.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
With Service Providers
10. We work with Service Providers to provide chat services and to monitor, analyze the use of Our Service.
These third parties may have access or process your Personal Information as part of providing their services for Us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is necessary for them to perform their functions.
At all times, Your data, except the additional information You share on Your Dating profile, will remain private and
will not be
accessible to the general public or via the world wide web.
If You are interested in knowing what personal information
Service Providers collect and
process when providing services, please refer to the
Agora Privacy Policy
For business transfers
11. We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
With Affiliates
12. We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case We will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With Other Users
13. When You share personal information (for example, by posting pictures or while chatting in public chat rooms), or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services,  certain personal information like  first name, gender, age may be viewed by other users in Our Service. Similarly, other users will be able to communicate with You within Our Services, and view Your profile.
Law enforcement
14. Under certain circumstances the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law (a court order or in extreme emergencies) but in very strict circumstances.
Other legal requirements
15. The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
16. The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Retention of Your Personal Data
17. The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if We are required to retain Your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Unless required by law, we will delete your data after one year beyond your account becoming inactive (subscription is not renewed) or one year after You have indicated for us to delete Your data.
18. The Company will also retain anonymized Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
19. Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. All of the parties involved in the processing of this data (including our AI Engineers) have been verified, vetted and have executed non-disclosure agreements so that they are obligated to not share information they are not permitted to.
20. They may transfer Your data to computers  or servers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from Your jurisdiction.
21. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
22. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Age requirement
23. Our Service is strictly for individuals ages 18 years and above. We do not permit anyone under the age of 18. If You become aware of any member under age 18, please contact Us. If we can verify that someone under 18 has attempted to access our service, we will deactivate the account (or the account that has been used to allow a minor to access our services) and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from Our records. If an adult 18 years or older has knowingly permitted a minor to access our services, we may terminate their account without refund and depending on the circumstances, we may report them to appropriate authorities.
Your privacy rights
24. You have rights that allow You greater access to and control over Your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate Your account at any time. These may include the right
to request access and obtain a copy of Your personal information,
to request rectification or erasure;
to restrict the processing of Your personal information;
if applicable, to data portability; and
not to be subject to automated decision-making.
25. In certain circumstances, You may also have the right to object to the processing of Your personal information and by using our Service and Your account You consent unless You specifically opt out. You can make such a request by contacting Us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
26. Withdrawing Your consent:
If We are relying on Your consent to process Your personal information, You have the right to withdraw Your consent at any time. You can withdraw Your consent at any time by contacting Us.
27. Account Information change / termination:
If You would like to review or change the information in Your account or terminate Your account, You can log in to Your account settings and update Your user account. Upon Your request to terminate Your account, We will deactivate or delete Your account and information from our active databases. However, We may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements. There are some pieces of information that cannot be modified (such as birthday, name and the gender found on the person’s passport) although only certain information will be public to other users inside the system (like first name/gender from passport/age). The rest of the information extracted from the person’s passport on signup will be kept private.
28.
Do Not Track:
There will be no advertising and tracking of people’s behavioral data for advertising inside or outside of the Dating Square system. There will be no advertising served inside Dating Square.
Any performance-related analytics collected will be strictly related to the performance of the system.  As such, we will not have the capacity to respond to any Do Not Track signals.
California Residents
29. If You are a resident of California You are granted specific rights regarding access to Your personal information. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, The California Code of Regulations defines a “residents” as:
Every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
Every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
30. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law permits Our users who are California residents to request and obtain from Us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) We disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which We shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If You are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit Your request in writing to Us using the contact information provided
at the end of this policy.
Your rights with respect to Your personal data
31.
Right to request deletion of the data
– If You ask us to delete Your personal information, We will respect Your request and delete Your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law.
32.
Right to be informed
– Depending on the circumstances, You have a right to know:
whether We collect and use Your personal information;
the categories of personal information that We collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether We sell or share personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that We sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose; and
the specific pieces of personal information We collected about You.
33.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against any User in response to the decision to exercise any of the privacy rights granted to you under the CPRA
34.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of Your personal information.
You may request correction of Your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information.
You may request to opt out from future selling or sharing of Your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, We will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission.
35. If You have questions or comments about Your privacy rights, You may email us at info@helpusdefend.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
36. We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
37. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
38. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
39. If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us:
By email: info@helpusdefend.com
65sqan - 3D Scanning App
Last updated: Feb 24, 2024
1. This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service/mobile app known as “65sqan – 3D Scanning” and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
2. This app collects no data and can be operated without any internet connection. We are not collecting performance data.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: info@helpusdefend.com
Educate. Advocate. Protect.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.agora.io/en/privacy-policy/:
Cookie Policy
If you click "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookie Preferences Icon
Cookie Settings
Agora Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 18, 2025
Introduction
Agora Lab, Inc. (together with our parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, “ Agora,” “we,” or “us”) values the privacy of everyone who uses our websites (such as www.agora.io, collectively the “Site”), as well as all related web sites, events (career applications, recruitment activities, events and surveys), networks, embeddable widgets, downloadable software (including any development kits and any associated tools, also known as SDKs), mobile applications, beta products (including, without limitation, AgoraVideoCall etc.), Chat, Signaling, Recording, Interactive Whiteboard, cloud player, aPaaS services, and other services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, together with the Site, our “Service”).
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect and use Personal Information from or about you through the Service we provide and in connection with our customer, partner and vendor relationships, your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. For the purpose of this Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual and does not include data whereby personally identifiable information has been removed (such as anonymous data).  In addition to the activities described in this Policy, we may process Personal Information provided by our enterprise customers (“Enterprise Customers”) when they use our Service. We process such Personal Information as a data processor on behalf of and following instructions from our Enterprise Customers, which are the entities responsible for the data processing.  To understand how an Enterprise Customer processes your Personal Information, please refer to that Enterprise Customer’s privacy policy.  If you are interested in what Personal Information we process when providing services to our Enterprise Customers, please refer to the
Agora Processor Privacy Statement
for more information.
Please read this Policy carefully. If you do not agree with this Policy or any part thereof, you should not access or use any part of the Service, or otherwise provide us with your Personal Information. If you change your mind in the future, you should stop using the Service and provide us with no further Personal Information.
Contents of this Policy
‍
This Policy outlines the following topics:
‍
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
Our Legal Basis for Processing European Personal Information
How We Disclose or Share Your Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
Third-Party Services
Children’s Privacy
Data Security
Data Transfers
Data Retention
Changes and Updates to This Policy
Contact Us
1. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We obtain Personal Information relating to you from various sources described below. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Service if that information is necessary to provide you with the Service, or if we are legally required to collect it.
undefined
Personal Information Collected from You
How We Use It
Account Registration
If you register to use the Service, then you must provide us with:
- Your name
- Email address
- Phone number
- A password to create an account and user profile
- Your company/institution name
- The industry of your company/institution
- Optional information, such as a photo of yourself
- Create and maintain a user account for the use of our Service and provide you with the appropriate products
- Display user ID and avatars to other users with whom you interact
- Provide marketing or promotions, should you desire
- Provide you with the latest news and updates on our applications
- Provide you with support, respond to your requests and complaints, and otherwise communicate with you
- Invite you to participate in surveys and events
Conversational AI Engine and Console Playground
We will ask you for your explicit consent to enable your audio and video to interact with any demonstrations in our Console Playground.
When you interact with our Conversational AI Engine, we may collect the following information:
- Speech-to-Text (STT) Transcripts: A text representation of the speech or input provided to the AI during a session.
- Session Logs and Metadata: This includes information such as timestamps, interactions with the AI, and system-level data related to the session.
We collect these data types for the following purposes:
- Troubleshooting and Quality Assurance: Storing logs and speech-to-text (STT) transcripts enables us to diagnose and resolve technical issues
- Service Enhancement: Understanding how users interact with our Conversational AI Engine helps us continue to improve the performance of our product.
We limit the collection of data to what is necessary for these purposes following generally accepted principles of data minimization.Data collected will not be used to train any Artificial Intelligence (AI) model.
We retain speech-to-text (STT) transcripts and session logs for 14 days. After this period, the data is securely deleted. This retention window was chosen to balance the need for troubleshooting while minimizing unnecessary data storage.
Opt-Out: You may opt out of STT transcript and log storage by contacting us at privacy@agora.io before using the service or by disabling certain features where possible in the Agora Console. Please note that opting out may limit our ability to troubleshoot or resolve issues effectively.
Communication and Support
When you communicate with us via the Service, or you send us a request, application, claim, report or complaint, we collect Personal Information, such as:
- Your name
- Email address
- Physical address, if applicable
- IP Address
- Phone number
- Contents and nature of your correspondence with us, including technical support requests, meeting (virtual or in-person, public or private) requests, competition requests, complaints, queries and feedback on your use of the Service
Further, we provide you with the option of using our chatbot or similar tools to communicate with us.
If you choose to interact with such tools, you agree that we will process your Personal Information provided by you during your interaction with such tools in accordance with this Policy, the Personal Information of which may include your account preferences, IP address, and the nature of any issues you want to resolve which you enter into the chatbot or similar tools.
- Provide you with support, respond to your requests and complaints, and otherwise communicate with you
- Provide you with the information you request, and refine the products to meet your feedback
- Analyze your request, application, claim, report or complaint and improve the quality of our products if necessary
- Understand your preferences and support you with necessary products or features
Cookie Information
We will automatically collect information about your visit to our Site and use of our service via cookies. The information collected will typically include Personal Information, such as
- Your IP address
- Advertising identifiers
For detailed information about the Cookies and similar technologies we use in our Site, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
- Analyze how our Site is used to generate a better experience
- Remember your settings and preferences
- Personalize our service and provide customized advertisements, content, and information
- Analyze our marketing activities and improve them
- Provide our Service and support
- Other uses stated in our
Cookie Policy
Job Applications
We will collect any information you choose to provide to us when you apply for a job with Agora, including your resume and references.
- Process your job application
- Communicate with you
Events and Surveys
We will collect information about you when you attend an event (e.g., our RTC/RTE Innovation Challenge or annual RTE Meeting, virtual format or in-person), or fill out a form or survey with us. Such information includes:
- Your name
- Email address
- IP address
- Phone number
- Zip/post code
If you do not object to recording of the meetings/events (for meetings/events in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), we or third parties on our behalf , will ask you for your explicit consent before such recording), we will typically collect your voice, images, photographs, or video shared or captured with or on behalf of us during the events/meetings, including, without limitation, the content of media:
- Subjects captured
- Associated content, voice, likeness, image, or statements
- Metadata information
We might also collect your age, gender, or other Personal Information; however, we will only collect those with your explicit consent.
- Analyze how our Site is used and generate a better experience
- Send marketing or promotions
- Provide you with the latest news and updates about our Service
- Invite you to provide your feedback
- Invite you to events and send gifts or rewards
- Promote and market the events
- Share features and results of an event to its participants
- Promote interaction and engagement among participants
Payment Information
We will collect payment-related information for the purpose of creating your paid account, and process your payment to provide you with our paid services, including your:
- Billing name
- Billing phone
- Billing address
- Payment method
- Company name (if applicable)
You can provide us with this information through your account dashboard or directly in our Enterprise Customer agreement.
- Create a paid account
- Provide our paid account services
- Provide support and respond to requestsundefined
- Process your paymentundefined
- Communicate with youundefined
Personal Information Obtained from Third Parties
How We Use It
Information from Enterprise Customers
If you are using the Service as an end user of an Enterprise Customer, we may process Personal Information about you provided by our Enterprise Customers who use the Service with their own end users. Please refer to Agora Processor Privacy Statement for more information about what Personal Information we process.
- Provide you with the Service
- Other uses as stated in our
Processor Privacy Statement
Information from Other Third Parties
We may obtain information, including Personal Information from third parties and sources other than from our Service. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Information that we collect through our Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
- Provide you with the Service
- Contact you and provide you with the support you requested
- Invite you to our events, and present you each feature of our events, surveys, and other activities
- Provide direct marketing to you
- Otherwise communicate with you
Notwithstanding the above, we may use your Personal Information to enforce our End User License Agreement and Terms of Service, to defend our legal rights, to conduct audits, to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies, to contact you for administrative purposes such as to address intellectual property infringement, privacy violations or defamation issues related to user content posted on the Service. Where we do so, we will use the Personal Information relevant to such a case. Some processing may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation placed on us.
2. Our Legal Basis for Processing European Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal basis, including when:
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information;
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Service, including for account registration and to respond to your inquiries;
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics and direct marketing, and otherwise improve the safety, security, and performance of our Service. We only rely on our, or a third party’s, legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
3. How We Disclose or Share Your Personal Information
Agora Affiliates and Subsidiaries
We will typically disclose Personal Information about you within our Agora affiliates and subsidiaries in a secure manner for the purpose of providing our Service or communicating with you.
Agora Users
Any Personal Information that you choose to include on or through the Service, including information in a publicly accessible area of the Service (such as a public profile page) or information you share with or allow to be shared with other users, will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
Agora’s Partners, Vendors and Service Providers
We work with third party service providers to provide website or application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information as part of providing those services for us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Such third parties may typically include storage vendors, internet carriers, payment processing partners, survey firms and virtual or in-person event organizers.
For more information about third parties and partners we use or work with to provide you with a better experience and service, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Advertising Partners
We may share your Personal Information with our third-party advertising partners to provide ads that we think may interest you. For more information about our advertising and marketing practices and those of the third-party advertising partners, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Other Third Parties
We may also share Personal Information about you with other third parties in the following circumstances:
In Aggregated Form.
We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise de-identified information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.
To Comply with Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
To Protect and Enforce Our Rights.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
In case of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer.
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
With Your Consent.
We also may disclose your Personal Information as may be described in a notice to you at the time the information is collected or before it is shared, or in any other manner to which you consent.
4. Your Rights and Choices
Account Information
You are entitled to decline to share certain Personal Information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some of the features and functionalities of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account settings page on the Service. If you wish to access or amend any other Personal Information we hold about you, you may contact us at
privacy@agora.io
. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
Opt-Out from Commercial Communication
If you receive any commercial emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial emails from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your request to us by email (to
privacy@agora.io
) or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy. We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us in user account functionality on the Service. Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to fifteen business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period, unless we are required by applicable law to process your request within a shorter period of time. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
Privacy Settings
Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to certain Personal Information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on the Service. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after information posted on the Service is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on or transmit to the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Do Not Track
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature. Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently respond to such signals.
Do Not Sell Personal Information
We will not sell your Personal Information to any third party without your prior written consent.
Additional
Privacy Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction and applicable data protection legislation, you may have additional rights. If you are located in EEA or UK, you have these additional rights in relation to the Personal Information that we hold:
Withdrawal of Consent
Where we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Access
You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you, and to receive an explanation of how we use it and with whom we share it.
Correction
You have the right to correct any Personal Information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure
You have the right to request your Personal Information to be erased or deleted.
Object to Processing
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information where we are relying on a legitimate interest.
Restrict Processing
You have a right in certain circumstances to stop us processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes.
Portability
You have the right to receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, Personal Information that you have provided with us if we process it on the basis of our contract with you or with your consent, or to request that we transfer such Personal Information to a third party.
Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence, place of work, or where an incident takes place.
Exercising Your Rights
Please note that, prior to any response to the exercise of such rights, we may require you to verify your identity. In addition, we may have valid legal reasons to refuse your request and will inform you if that is the case. For more information on, or to exercise your rights, please email
privacy@agora.io
.
5. Third-Party Services
This Policy applies only to the processing of your Personal Information by Agora. The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. The policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to Third Party websites. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
6. Children's Privacy
Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal Information has been collected on the Service from persons under 16 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 16 years of age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at
privacy@agora.io
and request that we delete that child’s Personal Information from our systems.
7. Data Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to appropriately protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Information in our possession. WE CANNOT, HOWEVER, ENSURE OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO US OR STORE ON THE SERVICE, AND YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ALSO CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT SUCH INFORMATION MAY NOT BE ACCESSED, DISCLOSED, ALTERED, OR DESTROYED BY BREACH OF ANY OF OUR PHYSICAL, TECHNICAL, OR MANAGERIAL SAFEGUARDS. The foregoing is subject to requirements under applicable law to ensure or warrant information security.
If, under applicable law, we learn of a security breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach, you should notify us at
privacy@agora.io
.
8. Data Transfers
While Agora provides its Service globally, the Service is hosted in the United States. If you choose to use the Service, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your jurisdiction to the United States and other regions where our data centers are located for storage and processing, which may not have the same level of data protection as that of your jurisdiction. Also, we may further transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service.
If you’re from EEA or UK, when we transfer your Personal Information out of the EEA or UK, we will comply with applicable EEA/UK data protection laws and take appropriate measures to safeguard the security of your Personal Information. For example, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries which have been found to provide adequate protection by the EU Commission (e.g., Switzerland and Canada) to process and store your Personal Information, or we may use contractual protections for the transfer of your Personal Information to regions which haven’t been found to provide adequate protection by the EU Commission. You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer your Personal Information outside of EEA or the UK.
The EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF were respectively developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law. Agora is now part of the DPF program and you may find more info here:
https://www.agora.io/en/data-privacy-framework-notice/
9. Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identification when this information is no longer required for the purposes for which we processed it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period.
When determining the retention period, we consider various criteria which include:
The type of products and services used by or provided to you
The nature and length of our relationship with you
Re-enrollment with our products or services
The impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you
Mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations
Additionally, if you no longer desire to use our Service, you can choose to delete your account and associated information. We provide you with this option when accessing your account dashboard, where, after authenticating yourself and satisfying certain conditions, you’ll be able to request the deletion of your Agora account and associated information, unless we are legally required to keep it.
10. Changes and Updates to This Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. If the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. If you have an Agora account, we may also notify you of any changes / updates to this Policy in your account dashboard. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
11. Contact Us
Agora Lab, Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information as described in this Policy. If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal Information, our use and disclosure practices, your consent choices, or if you would like to exercise your rights, please contact us by email at
privacy@agora.io
or write to us at:
Agora Lab, Inc.
2804 Mission College Blvd, Suite 110
Santa Clara, CA 95054
United States
‍