VN World Trade Inc (known as VN World Trade) operates the https://vnworldtrade.pro/ website, 
which provides an overview on Mobile services that VN World Trade Inc offers.
At the VN World Trade Inc website, accessible at https://vnworldtrade.pro/, one of our main 
priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and 
recorded by the VN World Trade Inc website and how we use it.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and 
Conditions, which is accessible at https://vnworldtrade.pro/, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us 
with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The 
information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous 
unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard 
drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information and to improve our Service. 
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you 
choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following 
reasons:
To facilitate our Advertising and other services
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform related services or
To assist us in analyzing how our Advertising and other services is 
used.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or 
Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on VN World Trade Inc website, which are sent directly 
to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the 
effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you 
visit.
Please note that VN World Trade Inc website has no access to or control over these cookies that 
are used by third-party advertisers.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are 
striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, 
or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, 
you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to 
review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy 
policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the 
internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
We do not gather any data from the child other than first name and reading age. This 
is only stored locally on the device and is optional. It never leaves the device, and will be erased if the user deletes the 
app.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review 
this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These 
changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate 
to
contact
.