WindyBot is an AI Powered Service that uses AI to increase your productivity in writing, reading, art and data analysis.
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
Timedora Inc. values the privacy of our users and is committed to protecting their personal information. This privacy policy outlines the types of information we may collect from you and how we may use that information.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") outlines the collection, protection, and utilization of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that you may provide on the websites www.windybot.com, www.windyaiart.com, the Windy AI app (collectively referred to as the "Site"), and any associated products and services (collectively, the "Services"). It details the choices you have concerning the use of your Personal Information and the means by which you can access and update this information. This Policy forms a legally binding agreement between you ("User," "you," or "your") and TIMEDORA INC. ("TIMEDORA INC.," "we," "us," or "our"). By accessing and using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, comprehended, and agreed to abide by the terms of this Agreement. It is important to note that this Policy does not extend to the practices of companies we do not own or control, or to individuals not employed or managed by us.
When you register on windybot.com, windyaiart.com and Windy AI App("Site"), use the Site, complete forms, payment information or register to any of our programs, you directly provide us with most of the information we collect. We automatically collect information and analytics data while you access, browse, view or otherwise use the Site. Through the use of the Site, you may receive information from 3rd party sources, providers and vendors which are also collected through our Site.
Our Legal Basis for Using your Personal Information
Under applicable laws where relevant, the processing of your personal information will be justified by a "lawful ground" for processing as detailed below.
How Do We Use the Information Collected?
Personal information is used to provide you with quality service and security and to operate the Site. Analytics data helps us understand how people use the Site so we can improve our software, services and marketplace function so as to perform our obligations to you as a user. Data is used to prevent fraud to ensure software integrity and security. We also use the information collected to contact you and send you direct marketing communications, transactional notifications and to promote and advertise the Site. Information collected may also be needed to comply with lawful requests by public authorities and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. When you interact with our service, we may collect information such as your chat history and messages. This information is used to provide you with a personalized experience and to improve the quality of our services.
How Long Do We Keep Personal Information
We will keep personal information only for as long as is required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected.
Collection and Use of Information
To make our Services available and meet legal obligations, we require the collection and utilization of specific Personal Information. Failure to provide requested information may impact our ability to deliver the products or services you request. The gathered information serves various purposes:
Create and manage user accounts
Fulfill and manage orders
Deliver products or services
Enhance products and services
Send administrative information
Send marketing and promotional communications
Respond to inquiries and provide support
Request user feedback
Improve user experience
Post customer testimonials
Deliver targeted advertising
Administer prize draws and competitions
Enforce terms and conditions and policies
Protect from abuse and malicious users
Respond to legal requests and prevent harm
Operate and maintain the Services
Processing Your Personal Information
Processing your Personal Information depends on your interaction with the Services, your location, and specific conditions:
Consent:
If you've given consent for specific purposes, except where overridden by California Consumer Privacy Act or European data protection law.
Performance of Agreement:
When information is necessary for an agreement with you or pre-contractual obligations.
Legal Obligation:
When processing is required to comply with a legal obligation you're subject to.
Public Interest:
When processing is related to a task in the public interest or official authority.
Legitimate Interests:
When processing is necessary for our or a third party's legitimate interests.
Note that in some cases, we may process information until you object (opt-out), without relying on consent or other legal bases. We're willing to clarify the specific legal basis, especially regarding whether providing Personal Information is a statutory or contractual requirement or necessary to enter into a contract.
Data Retention Policy
We maintain specific types of data for defined durations to ensure a secure and efficient user experience. Here's an overview of our retention periods:
1. Images, Videos, and Audio Recordings:
Any media files, including images, videos, and audio recordings, that you upload or generate through the application are retained for a maximum of thirty (30) days. After this period, they are automatically deleted from both our servers and those of our service providers unless you have explicitly chosen to pin or save them until you delete them explicitly. The exception is when the images, videos and audio are made public or shared by the user or saved by the user, then the data will not be automatically deleted. AI generated media and images that are generated by non-paying free users may also be made public if they pass certain quality standards and therefore not automatically deleted. Paying users have generated images private by default but have the option to share to community or make it public.
2. Facial Data Processed for AI Images:
Facial data used in the process of generating AI images follows the same retention policy and is stored for a maximum of thirty (30) days. Your facial data is used only for relevant AI generation tools that involve the use of faces. However, we do not process facial data for any identification purposes. We also do not share this information with any third parties except for processing and any temporary storage purposes with service providers. Subsequently, this data is automatically removed from our servers and the servers of our service providers unless you have explicitly chosen to pin or save them until you delete them explicitly.
3. AI Images
The AI-generated images created through the application are also subject to a retention period of thirty (30) days. After this timeframe, these images are automatically erased from our servers and the servers of our service providers unless you have explicitly chosen to pin or save them until you delete them explicitly.
4. Other Personal Data
We retain additional personal data, excluding the aforementioned media files and facial data, for a maximum of three (3) years. This period is calculated from your most recent interaction with the app or from the expiration date of your subscription. If you access the app post-subscription expiration, the retention period initiates from this most recent interaction. Upon completion of this period, unless legal obligations necessitate extended retention, the data is either deleted or anonymized to ensure your privacy and data security.
Children
This Site is offered and available to users who are at least 18 years of age and of legal age to form a binding contract. Minors under 18 and at least 13 years of age are only permitted to use the Site through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian with their appropriate permission. Minors under 13 are only permitted to use the Site or content.
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
We share personal information with third parties to operate the Site, provide our services to you, fulfill obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, and prevent fraud, infringements, and illegal activities.
Where We Store Personal Information
Some of the personal information you provide to us will be stored or processed on our behalf by third-party suppliers and data processors and may be located in other jurisdictions, such as the United States and other countries where we may operate and cache data.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies (such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and scripts) to improve and personalize your experience, provide our services, analyze website performance, and for marketing purposes.
Do Not Track (DNT)
Our Site does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
External Links
The Site contains links to third-party sites, and if you link to a third-party site from the Site, any data you provide to that site and any use of that data by the third party are not under the control of WindyBot and are not subject to this Policy.
Security
We implement technical and organizational measures to maintain the security of the Site and your personal information and in preventing unauthorized access, loss, misuse, alteration, destruction, or damage to it through industry-standard technologies and internal procedures.
Data Protection Rights under GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights and Timedora INC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information. If you wish to be informed about what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
Right to Access:
You have the right to request access to your Personal Information that we store and have the ability to access your Personal Information.
Right to Rectification:
You have the right to request that we correct any Personal Information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request us to complete the Personal Information you believe is incomplete.
Right to Erasure:
You have the right to request the erasure of your Personal Information under certain conditions of this Policy.
Right to Object:
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Restriction of Processing:
You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your Personal Information. When you restrict the processing, we may store it but will not process it further.
Right to Data Portability:
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Timedora INC relied on your consent to process your Personal Information.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Rights of EU, EEA and UK Users
Where we process personal data related to EU, EEA and UK users, further terms apply to our processing in relation to your rights as a data subject under EU data protection laws. If our processing of Personal Data is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data and you can request access to, and rectification or erasure of your Personal Data. You have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the Personal Data in a usable and portable format if any automated processing of Personal Data is based on your consent.  You can object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of Personal Data under certain circumstances.
You can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death if you are a resident of France. To request for such removal, please contact us at support@windybot.com. We may process Personal Data on behalf of another party such as our provider and any such request may be needed to be made directly to that party. For any complaint, we encourage you to contact us first but you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Specific Provisions for California Residents
If you are a California resident, you are entitled to specific privacy rights. Under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581,California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right  to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information that are publicly posted if any. Please send an email to support@windybot.com if you wish to remove content or information publicly posted by you. Please note that to the extent we will remove the specific content you request to be removed, we cannot guarantee complete removal of online content or information posted and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Updating Personal Information
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings. In the event that you believe your information is in any way incorrect or inaccurate, please let us know immediately.
Do Not Track Signals
Some browsers include a Do Not Track feature, signaling to visited websites that you do not wish to have your online activity tracked. Tracking, in this context, refers to collecting personally identifiable information from users across different websites over time. The Services are not currently configured to interpret or respond to Do Not Track signals due to the lack of uniform communication methods by browsers. However, as detailed in this Policy, we restrict the use and collection of your personal information.
Advertisements
We may display online advertisements and share aggregated, non-identifying information about our customers collected through the Services with advertisers. Personally identifiable information about individual customers is not shared. We may use aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements. Additionally, certain third-party companies may assist in tailoring advertising and collecting data about user activities on the Services.
Affiliates
Information about you may be disclosed to our affiliates to offer related or additional products and services. Affiliates treat information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Links to Other Resources
The Services contain links to external resources not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these resources or third parties. When leaving the Services, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each resource collecting Personal Information.
Information Security
We secure provided information on servers in a controlled, secure environment to protect against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. While we maintain safeguards, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed. You acknowledge the inherent security and privacy limitations of the Internet.
Data Breach
In the event of a compromised Services security or disclosure of user Personal Information due to external activity, we reserve the right to take appropriate measures, including investigation, reporting, and cooperation with law enforcement. We will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach.
Privacy Policy Updates
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time, so please review it periodically. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Contact Us
You can exercise your rights over your personal information, by contacting us at support@windybot.com.
AI Image Tools
Photo Editor
AI Background Remover
Hairstyle Try On
AI Professional Headshots
AI Object Remover
AI Photo Enhancer
AI Product Photography
AI Room Designer
Virtual Home Staging
AI Image Upscaler
Sketch To Image AI
AI Generation Tools
AI Anime PFP Generator
AI Art Generator
AI ClipArt Image Generator
AI Face Generator & Maker
AI Logo Maker & Generator
AI Tattoo Design Generator
AI T-Shirt Design Generator
Explore
General
Aesthetic Wallpapers
Home Decor & Interior Design
Tattoo Ideas
AI Tools
AI Writer
AI Paraphrasing Tool
AI Comprehend
AI Chatbot for Slack
iOS Download
AI Photo Editor App
AI Beauty Face App
AI Room Planner & Designer
Company
About
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Blog
Terms
Contact Us
All rights reserved, WindyBot© 2025