View image in fullscreen
Privacy
Privacy policy
Thu 6 Mar 2025 11.34 CET
Share
Jump to
Introduction
About this privacy policy
Who we are
The types of personal data we collect about you
How we collect personal data
How we use your personal data
Personal data that we receive about you from other organisations
Children’s personal data
Security of your personal data
When we share your personal data
International data transfers
How long we keep your personal data
How we may contact you
Cookies and similar technologies
Your privacy and data protection rights
Your California privacy rights
Your Australian privacy rights
Contact us for information about how we use your personal data
Changes to this privacy policy
Introduction
This is the privacy policy for Guardian News & Media Limited (collectively referred to as “Guardian”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this policy), our sites such as theguardian.com and our associated apps (“our sites”). Some of our other sites and services have their own policies, which will be relevant to you when you are using those sites and services.
Our
values
guide everything that we do – including our editorial approach and how we use personal data. We are strongly committed to keeping your personal data safe. This commitment exists throughout the lifecycle of your personal data, from the design of any Guardian service which uses personal data to the deletion of that data.
To complement our global approach to privacy protection, this policy also incorporates specific data privacy rights granted to individuals under Californian and Australian privacy law. This reflects our relationship with our readers in these locations where we provide localised editions of our editorial content.
We think carefully about our use of personal data, and below you can find the details of what we do to protect your privacy. This policy covers, among other topics:
Information about your rights, the choices available to you, and our obligations in the UK, European Union, in California, in Australia, and elsewhere.
Transparency about how we collect and use your personal data, including when and how it is shared.
Information on how we protect your personal data.
Information on how we will facilitate your rights and respond to your questions.
Find out more about how we manage your personal data below.
About this privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share, transfer and sell (for California residents only) your personal data when you use the services provided on our sites or interact with us. This privacy policy also explains your data privacy rights.
Personal data is any information about you by which you can be identified or be identifiable. This can include information such as:
Your name, date of birth, gender, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile number or financial details, such as payment cards you use to purchase products or subscriptions or to support our journalism.
Information about your device (such as the IP address, which is a numerical code to identify your device that can provide information about the country, region or city where you are based).
Information relating to how you use and interact with our sites and services.
When we refer to “personal data” in this policy, we are also referencing “personal information,” as it is defined under California law, and as it is defined under Australian law.
Some of our other sites provide additional privacy information. You can read that information using these links:
Guardian Jobs
(jobseekers)
Guardian Jobs
(recruiters)
Guardian Holidays
Guardian Crowd
(pdf)
Guardian Foundation
Sometimes our sites may contain links to sites and services that are not part of the Guardian family of offerings. These sites and services have their own privacy policies. If you follow a link to these non-Guardian sites and apps, you should read the privacy policy shown on their site.
If you are a provider of content in a freelance or other commercial capacity and/or third party licensee customer of our content products and services, please refer to our Contributor & Licensing Customers privacy policy
here
.
Who we are
Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU is the data controller in respect of your personal data that you share with us. This means that we are responsible for deciding how and why we hold and use your personal data. If you want to contact us directly, you can find our contact details in the “Contact us for information about how we use your personal data” section below.
The types of personal data we collect about you
We collect your personal data when you visit our sites, subscribe for products or services, make contributions to fund and support the Guardian or when you interact with us. We will only collect your personal data in line with applicable laws. We collect your personal data in the following ways:
Directly from you, e.g. when you sign up for our services, purchase products or services, including by signing up for newsletters or selecting specific topics you are interested in, including through My Guardian, and when you browse or use our sites.
Personal data we generate about you, e.g. personal data we use to authenticate you, or personal data we generate about you from your IP address or your preferences.
Personal data we collect from third parties, e.g. personal data that helps us to combat fraud or which we collect, with your permission, when you interact with us through your social media accounts and/or payment service providers (e.g. Paypal).
More details about the types of personal data we collect are provided below.
The personal data we collect when you register for a Guardian account on theguardian.com
When you register for a Guardian account, we collect:
Your name.
Your email address.
Other details such as your contact number and residential or billing address when you sign up to support us or a subscription.
Your user name, if you comment on our sites.
Your photograph, if you add one to your profile page.
Some limited data from your social media profile (further information on this is below), if you have signed in to theguardian.com using your social media details.
You can change or remove these details using the profile and settings area of your Guardian account.
Personal data we generate about you
When you register for a Guardian account or sign up for a newsletter, we assign you a unique ID number. We use this to manage your preferences, for example, the newsletters you have subscribed to. When you register for a Guardian account we use your unique ID to recognise you when you are signed in to our services.
We will match this to your browsing behaviour to recognise you on a new device or through a different application such as the Guardian app on mobile devices.
When you use our sites we may also use cookies or similar technologies to collect or generate extra data, including:
Your IP address - a numerical code to identify your device, together with the country, region or city where you are based.
Your geolocation data - your IP address can be used to find information about the latitude, longitude, altitude of your device, its direction of travel, your GPS data and data about connection with local Wi-Fi equipment.
Information on how you interact with our services.
Your browsing history of the content you have visited on our sites, including how you were referred to our sites via other websites.
Details of your computer, mobile, TV, tablet or other devices, for example, the unique device ID, mobile advertising ID, unique vendor or advertising ID and browsers used to access our content.
Identifiers derived from those cookies or similar technologies, your device, or generated based on the data described above.
We will not collect special categories of data from you - such as personal data concerning your race, political opinions, religion, health or sexual orientation - unless you have chosen to provide that type of personal data to us.
When you use our apps
The Guardian apps use personal data based on the content you have viewed. Information on bugs and crashes is also sent to us when you use our apps. A list of the articles that you have recently viewed is also cached in the local storage on your device. You can delete this reading history in the settings of the app. You can choose to receive notifications on your device via the app, and manage these notifications in the settings of the app.
Using your social media details to sign into your Guardian account
When you sign in to our sites using your social media ID, we will use this personal data to form a profile for your Guardian account. If you remove the Guardian app from your Google settings or your Apple ID, we will no longer have access to this data. However, we will still have the personal data that we received when you first set up your Guardian account using your Google login, Apple ID, or any other social media sign in.
Apple
If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple permission to share your personal data with us. This only includes your first and last name, and your email address. You can also choose to hide your email and Apple will create a random email address so your personal email can stay private. This email address will be linked to your Guardian profile and will be used to retrieve your subscribed content.
Google
When you sign in to our sites using your Google login details, you give Google permission to share the personal data that you have made public in your Google profile. This only includes your first and last name, your email address and whether your email address has been validated, a link to your Google profile and, if you have one, your profile picture. This email address will be linked to your Guardian profile and will be used to retrieve your subscribed content.
Personal data when you post comments about the Guardian on other social media sites
If you have mentioned the Guardian in posts on social media sites, then we may collect your social media handles.
When you post publicly (comments) on our sites
When you post on a discussion board or comment publicly on an article on one of our sites, the personal data you post, including your username and other information about yourself, are publicly accessible. This personal data can be viewed online and collected by other people. We are not responsible for the way these other people use this personal data. When contributing to a discussion, we strongly recommend you avoid sharing any personal details, including information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer. We are not responsible for the privacy of any identifiable information that you choose to post in our online community or other public pages of the site.
How we collect personal data
We collect personal data when you:
Become a supporter or register for an account on our sites.
Make contributions to fund and support the Guardian.
Pay for a subscription or purchase any other products/services for yourself or others.
Manage your account settings (e.g. notification, preferences).
Attend our events (in person and/or virtually).
Enter our competitions, prize draws, bids and surveys.
Take part in our call-outs.
Sign up for our editorial emails.
Post or comment in our online community.
Sign up for marketing communications.
Access and interact with any of our sites.
Contact us via email, social media, our apps or similar technologies or when you mention us on social media.
Test our products, participate in focus groups or provide us with feedback.
We also collect personal data through cookies and other similar technologies. Please refer to our
cookie policy
for more details on how we use cookies.
How we use your personal data
We use personal data collected through our sites only when we have a valid reason and the legal grounds to do so. We determine the legal grounds based on the purposes for which we have collected your personal data.
Legal grounds for using your personal data
The legal ground may be one of the following:
Consent
: We will use your personal data where we have asked for your consent, which you can withdraw at any time. We will rely on consent to:
Place non-essential cookies and similar technologies including for personalised advertising as set out in the “Privacy settings” link on our sites in the footer of every page, which you may withdraw at any time depending on whether you are able to read the Guardian ad free or have a Guardian Ad-Lite subscription.
Use your registration data to personalise advertising.
Performance of a contract with you
(or in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you): We will use your personal data if we need to in order to perform a contract with you. For example, where you have purchased a subscription from us, we will need to use your contact details and payment data in order to process your order and deliver your subscription. We will use your information as necessary in order to conduct competitions or prize draws. We may contact you directly via social media or email if you enter competitions, prize draws, bids or respond to call-outs.
Compliance with law
: In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data, for example to retain records of transactions as required by financial regulations.
Our legitimate interest
: We may process your personal data where it is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as part of running the Guardian and in a way which does not materially impact your rights and freedoms. For example, it is in our legitimate interest for us to understand our readers, promote our services and ways to support us, and operate our sites efficiently for the creation, publication and distribution of news, media and related journalistic content both online and in print form, globally. Please refer to the table below for examples of when we rely on our legitimate interests to use your personal data.
In addition to the above, we also rely on the legitimate interests below to use your personal data:
For internal administrative purposes related to our services - such as our accounting and records.
To enable you to register for an account on our sites.
To enable you to share our content with others using social media or email.
When we respond to your queries and to resolve complaints.
When we moderate comments under our community standards and participation guidelines.
To remember where you have reached in our puzzle products.
To troubleshoot technical issues on our sites and their functionalities.
When we de-identify or anonymise personal data, or aggregate it so that it can no longer identify you.
For security and fraud prevention, and to ensure that our sites are safe and secure and used in line with our terms of use.
To contact you directly via social media or email if you send us emails or engage with the Guardian on social media or contact us.
Where we rely on cookies to collect any personal data please see our
cookie policy
for more information and how to manage your cookie choices through our “Privacy settings” link on our sites in the footer of every page.
Where personal data has been de-identified or anonymised, it will not be used in order to re-identify individuals.
The Guardian is a media organisation and publisher. Data protection law includes certain exemptions when personal data is processed for the purposes of journalism. Those exemptions apply to some of the ways the Guardian uses personal data. This privacy policy does not cover personal data that the Guardian processes for the purposes of journalism.
Access permissions when you are using the Guardian app
When you use the Guardian app, we will ask for permissions to access particular functions of your mobile device. When we ask for permissions will depend on the operating system of your mobile device, but can include:
When you decide to store content including downloading photographs or content on your mobile device to read or use when offline. We will need your permission to save content to your mobile device.
If you decide to submit content, such as photographs, to the Guardian. We will ask permission to access your camera or photographs.
If you decide to allow us to send push notifications to your device.
Depending on your device, there may be specific permissions relating to our use or sharing of your personal data with third parties.
You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Updating your personal data and your profile page on our sites
When you register for a Guardian account, you have access to a profile page. Under “Profile” you can review and update what personal data is public when you comment on our articles, or if people look up your profile. For more information on how to manage your account please see
https://manage.theguardian.com/help-centre
.
You may also update your marketing preferences in the “Emails and marketing” and/or “Data privacy” tabs in your account.
Personal data that we receive about you from other organisations
Adding to or combining the personal data you provide to us
When you sign up to our services we may add to the personal data you give us by combining it with other personal data shared with us by other trusted organisations. This includes, for example, the region that you are located in, so that we can show you the prices for subscriptions or other products in your local currency. We may also add personal data to improve the accuracy of your delivery address when we send out mail. We may also obtain your personal data from partners whose offers we include in some of our marketing communications and we use this personal data to ensure that we do not send you irrelevant marketing and to ensure the accuracy of the information we hold.
We also use personal data based on the content you have viewed on our sites and your interaction with the content to add you to groups with similar interests and preferences, so that we can make our online advertising more relevant. Sometimes we use data about your interests or demographics that some of our global third parties have collected from you online to add you to these groups, such as Comscore and Nielsen. Please refer to our
cookie policy
for more information on how we use cookies.
Personal data shared by event partners
When you register or book a ticket for a Guardian event organised by an event partner, your registration data may be shared with us by the event partner.
Children’s personal data
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal data about children under 13 in providing our services. Some of our services may have a higher age restriction and this will be shown at the point of registration.
We also note and comply with the California law which prohibits sale of personal data of consumers between 13-16 years of age unless their guardian has authorised the sale.
Security of your personal data
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational controls to protect your personal data against unauthorised processing and against accidental loss, damage or destruction. You are responsible for choosing a secure password when we ask you to set up a password to access parts of our sites. You should keep this password confidential and you should choose a password that you do not use on any other site. You should not share your password with anyone else, including anyone who works for us. Sending any information, including personal data, via the internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any personal data sent to our site while still in transit and so you provide it at your own risk.
When we share your personal data
Within the Guardian group of companies
Depending on where you live, we may share your personal data within the Guardian group of companies in the UK, US, or Australia. We may share it in order to perform a contract with you, for administrative purposes, or when we have a legitimate interest in doing so. For example:
If you book an event held in Australia, at first we may hold your data on our systems in the UK and then we may share it with the Guardian in Australia for administration purposes.
Sometimes we may receive a letter, email or another form of communication from you that we consider to be significant to the history of the Guardian. We may decide to share this with the Guardian Archive run by the Guardian Foundation for historic and archiving purposes.
We may share your data to understand how you interact across our group products or to tailor and offer relevant advertising to you.
With external organisations
We share your personal data with other organisations that are not directly linked to us under the following circumstances:
Service providers
- We may share your data with other organisations that provide services on our behalf. We may do this to perform a contract we have entered into with you, where it is in our legitimate interests or with your consent. Examples of when we may share your data with service providers include sharing with:
Companies that help deliver newspapers and subscription vouchers, such as i-Movo.
Online payments processors who process credit and debit card or other forms of payments on our behalf.
Fraud management providers that help us to identify and prevent online fraud.
Internet and cloud hosting services providers, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Life-cycle engagement platforms such as Braze, to help us build and manage our campaigns and send our email communications, including newsletters.
Software service providers such as Salesforce that assist us with our customer relationship management.
Communications services providers, such as our podcast service provider called Acast.
Error tracking software providers, such as Sentry and Google Firebase, to help us diagnose and fix errors and optimise the performance of our website and apps.
Service providers that help us carry out analytics, facilitate audience creation and segmentation and to measure our audience engagement. For example, Permutive provides us with data management platform services.
Service providers that help provide us with insights and analytics that help us to improve our products and services.
Google ReCaptcha, which we use to protect our sites from fraudulent users.
Data management companies, such as Formstack, that help us collect data via online forms and surveys.
Service providers that help provide online identity-as-a-service and access management services such as Okta.
Service providers that allow us to deliver personalised advertising to your device, such as Criteo.
Service providers that allow us to compare your personal data with information held by advertising partners and identify if you are known to both us and our advertising partner, such as Permutive.
YouTube because we use their unbranded embedded player to provide video content on our websites and apps. The embedded player relies on the YouTube API, which is a type of software that allows data to be communicated between our website and apps and the YouTube player. This will include personal data which will also be collected by cookies as set out in our
cookie policy
. We will provide this data about how you interact with videos to enable YouTube to provide statistical information such as how many views a video has, or how many users watch the entire video. More information about how YouTube will use this personal data, which includes usage data when you interact or use the embedded YouTube player, can be found at the Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Skimlinks because they are an affiliate marketing service provider. We do not drop first or third party cookies, or otherwise access local storage through our affiliate links. Instead we use a type of link that redirects users into Skimlinks’ network. This means we are tracking and identifying the click, rather than individuals. Skimlinks will use IP addresses to direct readers to the geographically relevant affiliate link. The IP address and user agent are anonymised and truncated by Skimlinks. Third party sites including retailers and sites in Skimlinks’ network may place cookies or collect additional information. Details about Skimlinks use of data is set out in their privacy policy at
https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policy
.
Advertising partners
- We may also share your data collected through our sites with our advertising partners, as set out in our
cookie policy
. These partners help us deliver relevant advertising across our sites. For example, we use Google Ad Manager to assist us with the delivery of relevant ads.
These partners may also generate their own identifier for the purpose of recognising your devices for personalised advertising. You can find details about these partners’ use of data and opt out of their identifiers through the following links:
LiveRamp:
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/
and opt out -
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/your-rights/
ID5: Privacy policy -
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/
and opt out -
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
Lotame: Privacy policy -
https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-notices/services/
and opt out -
https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-manager/
The Trade Desk (UID and EUID): Privacy policy -
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy
and opt out -
https://adsrvr.org/
Affiliate marketing
- When a product is linked from a Guardian article or gallery, if the retailer has an affiliate programme, then the link will redirect to the retailer website through our affiliate marketing partner, such as Skimlinks’ network. When a reader clicks on a link, Skimlinks will identify which page the click came from and assign it a randomly generated number. This is communicated to the retailer and associated with any subsequent purchase. The affiliate marketing partner, such as Skimlinks, then reconciles the list of clicks from links on the Guardian with purchases on the retailer’s site. This is used in order to calculate the commission for the Guardian.
Agencies and authorities if required by law
- We may reveal your personal data to any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority, or in connection with any legal action if we are required to do so to meet a legal or regulatory obligation, where the request is proportionate, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of anyone else (for example, in response to a valid and properly served legal process such as subpoena or warrant). If we have your contact details, we will take reasonable steps to attempt to notify you prior to disclosing your data unless (i) prohibited by applicable law from doing so, or (ii) there are clear indications of unlawful conduct in connection with your use of Guardian services.
Event sponsors and partners
- We may share your personal data with sponsors of Guardian events and partners who we hold events with for marketing purposes when you have given your permission for us to do so. We may also share your personal data with these sponsors and partners for event administration and security purposes.
Prize draws, competitions and bids
- We may share your personal data with sponsors and partners for the purposes of selecting and notifying winners when you participate in any of our prize draws, competitions and bids. We may also share your data with entities offering any prize you have won in order for that entity to contact you about such a prize.
Social media organisations
- We may share your personal data with other organisations when our web pages use social plug-ins from these organisations (such as liking or sharing on social media). These other organisations may receive and use personal data about your visit to our sites or apps. If you browse our site or view content on our apps, personal data they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more information on how these organisations use personal data, please read their privacy policies.
Organisation/s that buy any of the Guardian group companies
- We may share your personal data to any other organisation that buys, or to which we transfer all, or substantially all, of our assets and business. If this sale or transfer takes place, we will use reasonable efforts to try to make sure that the organisation we transfer your personal data to uses it in line with our privacy policy.
When we share your personal data, as specified above, with any organisation which accesses your data in the course of providing services on our behalf, they will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your data and comply with applicable law. We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards.
California resident - Do not sell
These transfers to third parties may constitute “sale” of your personal information under California law. A California resident can halt these sales at any time by pressing the “California resident - Do not sell” link that is located in the footer of every page on our site. Third-parties do not sell personal information that has been sold to them by the Guardian unless you have first received explicit notice and are provided an opportunity to exercise the right to opt out.
International data transfers
Data we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country or territory where one or more of our Guardian group companies or service providers are based or have facilities. While other countries or territories may not have the same standards of data protection as those in your home country, we will continue to protect personal data that we transfer in line with this privacy policy.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA), we ensure similar protection and put in place at least one of these safeguards:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been found to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
We may also use specific approved contracts that use Standard Contractual Clauses for the protection of personal data where appropriate, with our service providers that are based in countries outside the UK or the EEA, including those based in the US and Australia. These contracts give your personal data the same protection it has in the UK or the EEA.
If you are located in the UK or the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place for the transfer of your personal data outside the UK or the EEA.
How long we keep your personal data
We keep your personal data for only as long as we need to. How long we need your personal data depends on what we are using it for, as set out in this privacy policy. For example, we may need to use it to answer your queries about a product or service and as a result may keep your personal data while you are still using our product or service. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. We may also need to keep your personal data for accounting purposes, for example, where you have bought a subscription.
If we no longer need your data, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you. If we have asked for your permission to process your personal data and we have no other lawful grounds to continue with that processing, and you withdraw your permission, we will delete your personal data. However, when you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we will keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing communications in the future.
How we may contact you
Service communications
From time to time we will send you service emails and in line with your communication preferences, such as by push notification or SMS, to notify you of payment failure, T&C changes including price changes, or to thank you when you contribute or place an order with us.
Marketing communications and editorial newsletters
If we have your permission or you have not opted out, we may send you materials we think may interest you, such as new Guardian offers and updates. Depending on your marketing preferences, which you can amend in the “Emails and marketing” tab of your Guardian account, this may be by email, phone, SMS or post.
We offer a range of editorial newsletters. You can manage your subscription to these emails in the “Emails and marketing” tab of your Guardian account.
You can decide not to receive these emails at any time and will be able to “unsubscribe” directly by clicking a link in the email or through your email preferences in the tab “Emails and marketing” when you are signed in to your Guardian account.
For more information on how to manage your account please see
https://manage.theguardian.com/help-centre
.
Guardian research
If we have your permission or you have not opted out, we may contact you for research purposes, for example about the Guardian app. You can opt out from being contacted in this way by signing into your Guardian account and going to the tab “Emails and marketing”.
Responding to your queries or complaints
If you have raised a query or a complaint with us, we may contact you to answer your query or to resolve your complaint.
Special Note to California Users
If you elect to use the “California resident - Do not sell” button, we will not recontact you about that choice for at least 12 months.
Cookies and similar technologies
When you visit our sites, we may collect personal data from you automatically using cookies or similar technologies.
This privacy policy includes our
cookie policy
, where you can find more information about our use of cookies.
Your privacy and data protection rights
You have a number of rights with regard to the personal data that we hold about you and you can contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to correct the personal data we hold about you.
Where applicable, you may also have a right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.
You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data or restrict how it is used. There may be exceptions to the right to erasure for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request.
Where applicable, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for certain purposes.
Where you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
If you do not want us to use your personal data for marketing analysis, you can change your settings in the “Data privacy” tab of your Guardian account.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights specified above, please email dataprotection@theguardian.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU. We will respond to all standard legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a large number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
We may need verification of your identity to proceed with a request. If you provide us with proof of identity containing information that does not match our records, we may request further proof of identity from you. This is a security measure to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to any person who does not have a right to receive it.
You will not have to pay a fee to obtain a copy of your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, for any further copies requested by you, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
Your California privacy rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 (“CCPA”) and California Privacy Rights Act 2020 (“CPRA”) provide certain rights to residents of California. The CCPA and CPRA are collectively referred to as “CCPA” below.
If you are a resident of California you may contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Right to Know: At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal data and sensitive personal data to be collected, the purposes for which it is collected and used, whether such personal data is “sold or shared” and for how long personal data is retained. These details are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Right to Access: You have the right to request access to the personal data we may hold on you for the past twelve (12) months. You may submit up to two (2) requests per year of access to your personal data.
Right to Correct: You have the right to correct inaccurate personal data we hold about you.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Data: For individuals sixteen (16) years or older, you have the right to opt-out of sale of personal data we may hold on you. You can exercise this right at any time by pressing the “California resident - Do not sell” link in the footer of every page on our site. For individuals between thirteen (13) to sixteen (16) years old, you have the right to opt-in to the sale of personal data we may hold on you.
Right to Deletion: You also have the right to ask us to delete personal data we may hold on you or restrict how it is used. There may be exceptions to the right to deletion which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data: Where applicable, you have the right to limit our use of sensitive personal data for any purposes other than to provide the services you request or as otherwise permitted by law.
Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California Consumer Privacy Act rights.
If you want to make any of these requests, please contact dataprotection@theguardian.com. We will deal with requests for access to your personal data within forty-five (45) days for California-specific requests.
To help us respond as you expect, please specify that you are making a request under the CCPA. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. For example, we will verify your identity before complying. If you provide us with proof of identity containing information that does not match our records, we may request further proof of identity from you.
You can designate an “authorized agent” to make requests to exercise your rights on your behalf under the CCPA. We will clarify that any “authorized agent” has your written permission in making that request. We may also contact you directly to verify your identity.
Record of requests
We keep a record of requests that we received from users exercising their CCPA rights. We have set out this record of requests for the last calendar year from 1 July 2023 below:
California “Shine the Light” privacy rights
Residents of California can ask us to provide a list of the types of personal data we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the identity of those third parties. We do not generally disclose personal data as defined under the California “Shine the Light” law. To the extent that we share email addresses with third parties in connection with online marketing that could be covered, you may opt-out through your “Manage My Account” choices.
To make a “Shine the Light” request, please email dataprotection@theguardian.com with “Shine the Light” in the subject line.
Your Australian privacy rights
The Australian privacy Act has rules around how we handle your personal information that may be different to rules in other regions. These rules are set out in the Australian Privacy Principles in force under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Australian Privacy Act). We are required to treat your personal information in line with those principles, including to disclose to you what personal information we collect and how we use it, to store your information securely and to support you in exercising your rights.
Personal information we collect and use
When we refer to “personal data” throughout this policy, we are also referencing “personal information,” as it is defined under Australian law.
Details about the personal information that we collect, use and disclose is set out throughout this privacy policy. You can navigate these relevant sections by going to the contents section at the top of the page.
Your rights
Your rights to privacy are also protected by the Australian Privacy Act, including your:
Right of access to the personal information held about you.
Right of correction to correct your information when it is incorrect.
These principles and rights are reflected throughout this privacy policy.
Opt out of personalised advertising
Under the Australian Privacy Act, you have the right to opt out of the use of your personal information for the purpose of direct marketing, including in relation to personalised advertising. You can opt out of personalised advertising across our website and apps at any time by going to the “Privacy Settings” link on our sites in the footer of every page. You will still see non-personalised advertising.
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your use of the website to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the website. Analytics cookies collect information such as your IP address, device type and operating system, referring URLs, location and pages visited.
For a complete description of our use of cookies and similar technologies globally, please see our
cookie policy
.
If you have contacted us at dataprotection@theguardian.com with a privacy related complaint and you are not satisfied with our handling of that complaint, you may refer that complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:
GPO BOX 5218, Sydney NSW 2001
1300 363 992
https://www.oaic.gov.au/
Contact us for information about how we use your personal data
If you have any questions about how we use your personal data or if you have a concern about how your personal data is used, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU or, email
dataprotection@theguardian.com
.
Complaints will be dealt with by the Data Protection Team, and will be responded to within 30 days.
If you are not satisfied with the way your concern has been handled, you can refer your complaint to the
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
If you have a question about anything else, please see our Contact us page
here
.
For individuals based in the European Union:
Since we do not have an establishment in the European Union, we have appointed an EU based representative to serve as a direct contact for data protection authorities and individuals on our behalf, who can be contacted at theguardian@mcf.ie or MCF Legal Technology Solutions Limited, Riverside One, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Changes to this privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, the updated privacy policy will be posted on this page. If the changes are significant, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details. If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt out of any new uses of your data.
Changes to this privacy policy to date
The most recent changes to this privacy policy were made on:
6 March 2025
1 July 2024
9 February 2024
8 December 2023
13 July 2023
A list of all previous changes are available upon request.
Explore more on these topics
Privacy
help
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Swollen eyeballs, baby-like skin, and the overview effect: how astronauts feel when they return to earth
Judge blocks Trump from using 18th-century wartime act for deportations
The honeymoon is over for Trump, whose every unwitting misstep brings chaos and strife
Simon Tisdall
Trump administration mulling new travel restrictions on citizens from dozens of countries
The senator, the priest, the forensic pathologist: the people who brought ex-president Duterte to justice
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.theguardian.com/info/privacy:
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy
Our privacy policy
A short video
A brief explanation of the Guardian's privacy policy
Privacy policy
How we collect, use, share and transfer your personal data
Cookie policy
What cookies are, the kinds we use and how to manage them
Why your data and privacy matter
Hide
Why your data and privacy matters to the Guardian
How your data helps to safeguard our journalism for the future
Next steps
Hide
How to stay safe on the web
Why sign in to The Guardian?
Sign in to The Guardian now
Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
Explore more on these topics
FAQs
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policy:
bizdev
close
data
download
founders
icon--facebook
icon--instagram
icon--linkedin
icon--twitter
icon_facebook
icon_linkedin
icon_twitter
marketing-design
product
support-ops
tech
tick
Skip to content
Skimlinks Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains what personal and other information is collected by Skimbit Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales with number 06347796 and its registered office at Aldgate House, 2nd Floor, 33 Aldgate High Street, London EC3N 1DL, United Kingdom) (
“Skimlinks”
or
“we”
) as part of its activities, and how Skimlinks uses that information.
Skimlinks recognises that your privacy is very important to you and that it is your right to control your Personal Data, whether you are a Publisher, a Merchant or a User. We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are fully informed. To make it easier for you to review those parts of the Privacy Policy which apply to you, we have divided up this Privacy Policy into the following sections – please take the time to read Section 1 (General) and, if you are a Publisher, Merchant or User, the Section which applies to you.
Section 1 – General (applicable to everyone)
Section 2 – Publishers
Section 3 – Merchants
Section 4 – Users
Section 5 – U.S. State Privacy Notice
In this Privacy Policy, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Advertiser”
an entity purchasing advertising or marketing services from Skimlinks directly or through an agent.
“Agreement”
an agreement between (i) a Publisher or a Merchant and (ii) Skimlinks.
“Computer”
a device used for accessing digital information including but not limited to desktops, laptops, tablets, mobile phones and other connected devices.
“Merchant”
a supplier of goods and/or services to Users, or individuals representing such a supplier, which may also be authorised by Skimlinks to access and use the Service under the terms of an Agreement.
“Merchant Core Tools”
means Skimlinks Code as used by a Merchant to enable tracking, analytics and marketing functionality.
“Optional Tools”
means (i) SkimWords (ii) Network Overwrite (iii) URL Shortener (iv) Link Generator (v) Skim RSS BETA (vi) Skimlinks APIs (URL Shortener API, Merchant API and Reporting API BETA), and (vii) such additional or alternative proprietary or third party software tools that Skimlinks may launch from time to time.
“Personal Data"
information we collect about you or your device when you visit our websites or Skimlinks Enabled Sites or interact with our Service that is considered personal information or personal data as those terms are defined by applicable privacy laws.
“Publisher”
a person or other entity who is entitled to access and use the Service under the terms of an Agreement, or individuals representing such a person or entity.
“Publisher Core Tools”
means (i) Skimlinks Code and (ii) Link API, either of which Publishers can use to affiliate Merchant links with the purpose of earning Publisher Commissions and obtaining insights via the Publisher Hub.
“Publisher Hub”
Skimlinks’ proprietary, login-protected web portal that may be accessed by Publishers at
www.skimlinks.com
to access and configure Tools, view performance and billing reports, and search for participating Merchants.
“Service”
access to and use of (i) the Publisher Hub and (ii) the Tools.
“Skimlinks Code”
is computer code which, when added to a web page or a global footer, enables the Service on a Skimlinks Enabled Site.
“Skimlinks Enabled Site”
a Publisher’s or a Merchant’s website running one or more Tools.
“Tools”
means Publisher Core Tools, Optional Tools and Merchant Core Tools or, as the context requires, any of them.
“Usage Data”
data collected or created by the use of the Service, including but not limited to device type, browser-type, operating system, internet provider, your ip address, domain name, the web pages that you visit or have visited, the actions that you take on those websites, the date and time of your visits, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
“User”
an end-user experiencing one or more of the Tools on a Skimlinks Enabled Site.
“You”
anyone who interacts with our website, including Publishers and Users.
Section 1: General
This section applies to everyone who visits, or otherwise interacts, with our website or Skimlinks Enabled Sites.
How we keep your Personal Data secure
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Personal Data that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data. Specific measures we use include storing your Personal Data on secure, firewall-protected servers that are located in secure facilities. These technology and security features, as well as strict internal guidelines, are designed to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Data from unauthorised access or improper use. We will continue to enhance security as new technology becomes available. Access to your Personal Data is only granted to Skimlinks staff who require such access. Backups are run to reduce the risk of loss of information, and our Internet servers are housed in secure facilities. We have security measures in place to protect our customer database and access to this database is restricted internally. While we take the steps described above to ensure that your information is secure on our system, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
International data transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred using Skimlinks’ content distribution network to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which it has been collected or in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our website servers, our Service servers and third party service providers and partners operate in the EMEA, Asia and the USA. This means that when we collect your Personal Data we may process it in any part of these regions or countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All our data transfers are safeguarded by applicable transfer mechanisms, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and Data Processing Agreements, where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
Your data protection rights
Depending on where you reside, you may have the following data protection rights under applicable data protect laws:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your Personal Data, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Skimlinks” heading below.
In certain circumstances, you can
object to processing
of your Personal Data, ask us to
restrict processing
of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Skimlinks” heading below.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Skimlinks” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Data with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection
authority
about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How we use cookies on our website
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s Computer for tracking and record-keeping purposes. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies, further details of which can be obtained
here
. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our website. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies via your browser’s ‘clear cookie’ function. Please see
allaboutcookies.org
for more information about blocking cookies on your particular web browser.
Before dropping cookies onto your Computer for which consent is needed we will display a banner and give you the option to proceed or not and let you know what constitutes consent. This consent request will vary by the country you access the website from.
Persistent cookies enable us to track and target your interests to enhance your experience on our website and, if applicable, the Publisher Hub. For example, we use this data to understand how you interact with our website so we can make improvements to the information and design of our website.
What Personal Data does Skimlinks collect and why?
The Personal Data that we may collect about Publishers broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of the Service may ask you to provide Personal Data voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us. The Personal Data that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your Personal Data.
Information that we collect automatically
When you use the Service and/ or our website, we may collect certain information automatically from your Computer. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered Personal Data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, unique device identification numbers and Usage Data. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with the Service and/ or our website. Collecting this information enables us to better understand how the Services are used. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of the Service and/ or our website to Publishers, Merchants and Users.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “How we use cookies on our website” above.
In general, we will use the Personal Data we collect from you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your Personal Data. However, we may also use your Personal Data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you (such as archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
What we share with third parties
We use third parties’ analytics technologies which involve cookies being dropped via our website and the collection of Usage Data, so we can understand how you use our website. We do not have access to or control over these cookies, but please
see here
for more information on these cookies.
Who do we share your Personal Data with?
We may disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of recipients:
to our
third party services providers and partners
who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website), or process Personal Data for content customization, personalization, ad selection and ad delivery and reporting, measurement purposes or who otherwise process Personal Data for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your Personal Data;
to any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your interests or those of any other person;
to an
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy;
in order to enforce or apply Skimlinks’
Terms of Service
, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Skimlinks, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Legal basis for processing Personal Data
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where (i) we have your consent to do so, (ii) we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii)  the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you. If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to provide our Services and for our commercial interests, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please
let us know
.
Privacy Self-Regulation
Skimlinks is dedicated to providing Internet users the highest level of transparency and control over the use of their data in online advertising. We adhere to the and follow the guidelines provided by the EDAA's European Industry Self-Regulatory framework on Data-Driven Advertising. More information about the EDAA's European Principles is available
here
. Skimlinks also participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies as vendor number 46. For more information on the privacy self-regulation commitments of our affiliate, Taboola, please visit their Privacy Policy (accessible
here
)
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, so please review it frequently. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify Publishers and Merchants by means of a notice on the Publisher Hub.
Contacting Skimlinks
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our practices, or your dealings with Skimlinks, you can contact us or contact our data protection officer at
dpo@skimlinks.com
or at the following address;
Skimbit Ltd t/a Skimlinks
Aldgate House, 2nd Floor
33 Aldgate High Street
London EC3N 1DL, United Kingdom
Data Protection Service
You can obtain further information about data protection and privacy laws by visiting the Information Commissioner’s web site at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
.
Section 2: Publishers
This section describes what information is collected by Skimlinks from Publishers, and how that information is used by Skimlinks.
What information we collect from Publishers
When a Publisher signs up to use the Service, we collect and store various pieces of Personal Data, including:
Full name of the Publisher and, if different, the name of the Publisher contact
Email address
Telephone number
Website information
Bank/PayPal details
Payment & VAT Information
Address
We also collect and store information about when and how a Publisher uses the Publisher Hub, including reports and other tools and interfaces provided by us.
How we use Publisher information
We use this Publisher information to perform our obligations under the Agreement, including:
To assess the suitability of Skimlinks Enabled Sites for the Service
To contact Publishers to help them with registration, use and optimisation of the Service
To pay Publishers their share of the commissions earned through the Service
To communicate with Publishers on Skimlinks-related matters
To provide Publishers with performance and billing information
To improve the service we provide to Publishers based on how Publishers use our service and the tools which we provide to them.
To introduce Merchants and Advertisers who may wish to purchase services from or partner with the Publisher.
Updating Publisher information
Publishers can edit any of their Personal Data within the Publisher Hub. It is the Publisher’s responsibility:
To protect against unauthorised access to their details and the Publisher Hub
To log-off from the Publisher Hub when not using it
To keep its password secret.
What does Skimlinks do on Skimlinks Enabled Sites?
Once a Publisher’s application to use the Service is accepted, and the Publisher has added the Skimlinks Code to its Skimlinks Enabled Site template, a JavaScript file will be downloaded to Users’ Computers when they view Skimlinks Enabled Sites. Depending on which of the Tools has been enabled via the Publisher Hub, this JavaScript file will do the following:
Collect and store information about Users behaviours on a site (including impressions and links clicked), so we can monetise such behaviours from participating Merchants, and report on them for Publisher and Merchant reports.
Collect and store information about Skimlinks Enabled Sites, to provide the Service.
Outside of the UK and EMEA, and solely in respect to Users of Skimlinks Enabled Sites of certain Publishers (as indicated in the
Terms of Service
, Skimlinks and its affiliates (the "Skimlinks Group") stores or reads a cookie when the User visits such Skimlinks Enabled Sites or clicks on content on such Skimlinks Enabled Sites, in order to optimize, personalize, analyze and recommend content to these Users. More information about how this automated means of data collection works and how this data is handled, including how to opt-out, can be found at the Privacy Policy of Skimlinks' affiliate company, Taboola (accessible
here
)
What information relating to Users does Skimlinks collect?
Skimlinks will not knowingly collect or store any information which enables us to determine the actual identity of Users visiting a Skimlinks Enabled Site.
The Skimlinks Group uses cookies, other automated means or data collection and web beacons to collect Usage Data relating to Users. This Usage Data is used by Skimlinks to optimize the performance and yield of the Service, to provide comprehensive reporting to Publishers, and to provide reporting to Merchants, Advertisers and other third parties. Usage Data cannot generally be used to identify a specific person.
Outside of the UK and EMEA, and solely in respect to Users of Skimlinks Enabled Sites of certain Publishers (as indicated in the
Terms of Service
), Skimlinks' affiliate, Taboola, stores or reads a cookie when a User visits a web page or clicks on content on a publisher's properties, in order to optimize, personalize, analyze and recommend content to Users. More information about how the data collected, including how to opt-out, can be found at the Privacy Policy of Skimlinks' affiliate company, Taboola (accessible
here
)
For more information regarding cookies, please see Section 1 of this Privacy Policy.
The Skimlinks Group provides an opt-out mechanism  for Users who do not wish for their Usage Data to be used for advertising targeting purposes, to the extent such Users are targeted through the use of a Skimlinks Group cookie.
This opt-out is accessible
here
, which includes a link to the Privacy Policy of Skimlinks' affiliate, Taboola (accessible
here
), where more information can be found about Taboola and how it handles Users' data, including how to opt out of Taboola's cookie used for advertising targeting purposes. It is the Publisher’s responsibility to provide their Users with this option.
Do Publishers need to update their own privacy policies if they use Skimlinks?
It is the responsibility of the Publisher to ensure that its privacy policy, ‘About Us’ or other relevant website section includes the following information, and that the Publisher gives notice to each User (whether in a privacy policy or otherwise) containing these provisions:
A statement regarding use of the Service on the Skimlinks Enabled Site(s). For example:
“Our website contains some affiliate marketing links, which means we get paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about. Our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. We use Skimlinks and more information about their data collection is set out in their privacy policy at
https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policy
”
To the extent the Skimlinks Group processes your personal data when provide affiliate marketing links, we act as controllers in respect of this data. Details regarding our controller arrangement can be requested using the contact details set out in section [x].
Full details about cookies, or automated means of data collection, used by the Skimlinks Group onto Users’ Computers when Users view a web page or click on an affiliate link on Skimlinks Enabled Sites. Publishers must at a minimum include the information that can be found in Section 4 below under the heading of
‘What information does Skimlinks collect about Users through its technology and how does it use this information?’
. Publishers should also provide a link for Users with information regarding how they can disable any use of Skimlinks  Group cookies used for targeted advertising, as set out in Section 4 below under the heading of
‘How can I disable Skimlinks cookies?’
.
If the Publisher is based in the European Union, or offers goods and services to customers in the European Union, the Publisher must also seek the consent of Users before Skimlinks cookies are dropped via their Skimlinks Enabled Site and to certain uses of their personal data (including audience tracking and some affiliate marketing activities). We will from time to time notify Publishers of the use which will require consent. Publishers can decide how to obtain consent but Skimlinks suggests that:
In relation to cookies or other automated means of data collection, users are requested to consent to the terms of the Publisher’s Privacy Policy, either the first time a user’s device arrives on a Skimlinks Enabled Site. After initial provision of consent by a User, it need not be provided again, unless the purpose of cookies dropped, or other automated means of data collection used, via Skimlinks Enabled Sites is changed, or the consent expires as per the period that was declared. If Skimlinks makes relevant changes to its cookies, or other automated means of data collection, we will notify you accordingly.
In relation to processing for those uses notified to Publishers as requiring consent, Publishers should consider using a consent management platform.
For U.S. properties, the Publisher must insert a link to the DAA opt-out program (currently available at
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
) and the NAI opt-out program (currently available at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
).
For EU/EEA properties, the Publisher must insert a link to the EDAA opt-out program (currently available at
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
).
For properties in other regions, if the above rules are not sufficient for compliance with local legislation or regulation, please provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
What we share with third parties
We may share with certain key partners and advertisers some anonymous Publisher information in order to optimise our Advertiser and Merchant relationships and increase revenue yields for Publishers.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties:
In the event that Skimlinks identifies a Merchant with which a Publisher could have a commercial relationship, to make introductions.
Data retention
We retain Personal Data we collect from the Publisher indefinitely for fraud prevention and regulatory compliance.
Section 3: Merchants
This section describes what information is collected by Skimlinks from Merchants, and how that information is used by Skimlinks.
What information we collect from Merchants
When a Merchant signs up to use the Service, we collect and store various pieces of Personal Data, including:
Full name of the Merchant and, if different, the name of the Merchant contact
Email address
Telephone number
Website information
VAT Information
Address
How we use Merchant information
We use this Merchant information to perform our obligations under the Agreement, including:
To assess the suitability of the Merchant for the Service
To contact Merchant to help them with registration, use and optimisation of the Service
To communicate with Merchants on Skimlinks-related matters
To provide Merchants with order and billing history information
To improve the service we provide to Merchants based on how Merchants use our service and the tools which we provide to them.
To introduce Publishers who may wish to enter into agreements with the Merchant.
What we share with third parties
We may disclose your personal data to third parties:
In the event that Skimlinks identifies a Publisher with which a Merchant could have a commercial relationship, to make introductions.
Data retention
We retain Personal Data we collect from the Merchant indefinitely for fraud prevention and regulatory compliance.
Section 4: Users
This section explains how Skimlinks operates through Skimlinks Enabled Sites, and how information about Users is obtained and used by Skimlinks.
What is Skimlinks?
Skimlinks offers a service to Publishers to help them earn an income and gain insights from their commerce-related content. The service works by creating/tagging links within content that a User is reading which, if clicked, takes the User to a Merchant website where the products and/or services can be purchased. If the User then buys something as a result of clicking on these links, the Publisher is paid a referral fee by the Merchant through Skimlinks. This referral fee does not come out of Users’ pockets, nor does it affect the price Users pay or the experience Users have on the Merchant’s site.
What information does Skimlinks collect about Users through its technology and how does it use this information?
We store anonymized Users’ IP addresses, from which we can determine a User’s approximate geographical location (e.g. country or region) prior to anonymizing. We need this information to optimize the links that are created/monetized to suit the geography of the User, and to provide aggregate reporting to Publishers, Merchants and Advertisers on the location of users visiting Skimlinks Enabled Sites. We also use IP addresses as part of our efforts to reduce fraud and identify non-human browsing patterns.
We store information about the User Agent that a User uses to access sites within our Publisher network, such as the browser type, browser version, and type of device. This helps us ensure we can diagnose and fix browser compatibility issues more swiftly, optimize our service to suit the preferred browsing environments, provide aggregate reporting to Publishers, Merchants and Advertisers, and ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors.
Information regarding the cookies we utilise on Skimlinks Enabled Sites can be found
here
As part of the information available in standard web serving logs, we also store information about the referrer, i.e. the website page from which the User linked to the Skimlinks Enabled Site.
To provide Publishers and Merchants with the Service, we collect information on visits and sales on Skimlinks Enabled Sites, including but not limited to order value, products bought, and order identifiers. These are used to help Publishers, Merchants and Advertisers make better marketing and content creation decisions.
At no time do we know who a User is, nor do we make any attempt to try and identify a User.
The Skimlinks Group uses cookies or other automated means of data collection to collect the information we need to optimise the product/Merchant links we monetize/create, and improve the service we provide to Publishers, Merchants, Advertisers and Users.
Outside of the UK and EMEA, and solely in respect to the Users of Skimlinks Enabled Sites of certain Publishers (as indicated in the
Terms of Service
), Skimlinks' affiliate, Taboola, stores or reads a cookie when a User visits a web page or clicks on content on such Skimlinks Enabled Sites, in order to optimize, personalize, analyze and recommend content to Users. More information about this automated means of data collection works and how this data is handled, including how to to opt-out, can be found at the Privacy Policy of Skimlinks' affiliate company, Taboola (accessible
here
).
How can I disable Skimlinks cookies?
If you no longer want the Skimlinks Group to use a cookie to target advertising to you, you can opt-out
here
(which includes a link to the Privacy Policy of Skimlinks' affiliate company, Taboola (accessible
here
), from where you can opt-out of Taboola's cookie used for optimization, personalization and analysis and recommending content) or by e-mailing at
dpo@skimlinks.com.
This will mean the Skimlinks Group will not drop Skimlinks Group cookies when you browse websites in our Publisher or Merchant network.
U.S. visitors can understand more about cookies and their choices at these websites:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
EU/EEA visitors can understand more about cookies and their choices at
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
If you opt-out of Skimlinks cookies, Skimlinks will still operate on pages that you visit, and still create monetizable links in content if the Publisher has chosen to install Skimlinks on its website. We just won’t optimise these links based on your preferences and behaviours, nor will we associate the websites you visit and shop from to a specific cookie.
In order for referral fees and commissions to be paid by Merchants to Publishers, Skimlinks works with Affiliate Networks and other ad networks that manage the relationships between Skimlinks and the Merchants. As set out above, Users who receive Skimlinks cookies are also assigned a unique identifier number.
When a User clicks on a link created by a Tool, Skimlinks attaches the User’s unique identifier number so it passes to the appropriate affiliate network for the purpose of tracking whether that User makes a purchase on the Merchant website they visit. Note that at no time during this process do we pass any Personal Data, nor make any attempt to determine the actual identity of an individual User; all information is completely anonymous and used only for the purposes of optimizing the service provided to the User. The affiliate and ad networks that work with Skimlinks also use their own cookies in order to track if a sale has occurred, as most of these parties will only pay Publishers when a referral has been successful, i.e. a sale was completed. We do not have control over or access to these cookies and they are dropped by the affiliate and ad networks via our Skimlinks Enabled Sites.
Data retention
We retain Personal Data (in anonymized form) that we collect from you for up to three years. After that we will either delete it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Section 5: U.S State Privacy Notice
Your rights under U.S. State Privacy Laws
If you are a resident of a U.S. State covered by U.S. State Privacy Laws granting you privacy rights in relation to Personal Data (“Consumer” or “you”), this U.S. State Privacy Notice explains how to exercise rights you may have. “U.S. State Privacy Laws” include the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Marketing, the Nevada Senate Bill 220, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and any similar U.S. state law when and if such law(s) have taken effect. This Privacy Notice is intended solely for, and is applicable as to Consumers. If you are not a Consumer, this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
Personal Data we collect about Consumers
We may collect the following categories of  information summarized in the table below:
Our Personal Data Collection Practices
Category
Examples
“
Identifiers
”
unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address
“
Commercial Information
”
records of purchase order value
“
Internet of other similar network activity
”
information about categories of consumer interests derived from online usage, and information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
“
Geolocation Data
”
Internet Protocol address
Please note that, when you interact with our Publishers’ Skimlinks Enabled Sites, the information we collect above is anonymized prior to storage in our systems so that it cannot be linked to you.
Furthermore, when you interact with our Publishers’ Skimlinks Enabled Sites, our affiliate, Taboola, may collect the above information, as mentioned above. Please see the state-specific notice of Regional Privacy Rights section in Taboola’s Privacy Policy at
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy#regional-privacy-rights
for more information about how Taboola collects, uses, and discloses your personal information and how you may exercise rights that may be applicable to you.
In addition, we may collect Personal Data from job applicants, current or former employees, owners, directors, officers, and contractors (and emergency contacts for the foregoing), from CRM tools, and from business to business communications or transactions. The categories of Personal Data may include those listed above as well as those listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) and professional or employment-related information.
Our Disclosure and/or Sale or Share of Personal Data
Skimlinks has not disclosed, sold or shared Personal Data in the categories of information identified above to third parties (based on U.S. State Privacy Laws’ definition of “sell” and “share”) in the prior 12 months.
Our Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Data
Generally speaking, we collect and disclose the Personal Data that we collect for the following purposes:
Developing new products and improving our services.
Providing analytics regarding the effectiveness of online ad campaigns, including by reporting on the number of ads viewed and actually clicked (or swiped) on, and if the consumer purchased any items from the advertisers.
Auditing.
Detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious or fraudulent activity (and, if necessary, prosecuting those responsible).
Quality control and debugging.
Short-term and transient use.
Internal research.
Supporting employment, infrastructure and human resource management (e.g., processing employment applications, providing benefits to employees and dependents, managing compensation, operating facilities and infrastructure).
Conducting business to business relationships.
Fulfilling or meeting the reason you provided the information.
Complying with  our legal obligations.
For information about what Personal Data our parent company, Taboola, collects when you interact with Skimlinks, and discloses, please see the state-specific notice of Regional Privacy Rights section in Taboola’s Privacy Policy at
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy#regional-privacy-rights
,
including how you may exercise rights that may be applicable to you.
Your Rights and Choices
The U.S. State Privacy Laws provide Consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Data. This section describes your U.S. State Privacy Laws rights and explains how to exercise those rights. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of such rights.
Right to Opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data: Consumers may opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their Personal Data. If you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize Personal Data sales or sharing. You may “opt out” of our “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Data (as those terms are defined by the U.S. State Privacy Laws) by clicking
here
(which includes a link to the Privacy Policy of Skimlinks’ affiliate company, Taboola (accessible
here
), from where you can opt-out of Taboola’s cookie used for optimization, personalization, analysis, and recommending content) or by e-mailing us at
dpo@skimlinks.com
.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure, and sale of your Personal Data over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see “Exercising Access, Data Portability, Deletion, and Correction Rights” below), we will disclose to you the specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected from you. However, we may withold some Personal Data where the risk to you or our business is too great to disclose the Personal Data, or where we cannot verify your identity in relation to such Personal Data. Thus, for security purposes (and as required under U.S. State Privacy Laws), we will verify your identity – in part by requesting certain information from you – when you request to exercise your U.S. State Privacy Laws privacy rights.
Deletion Request Rights: You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see “Exercising Access, Data Portability, Deletion, and Correction Rights” below), and provided we have Personal Data about you, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Data from our records unless an exception applies.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Data: You have the right to request that we correct Personal Data that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purpose of the processing of the Personal Data. Once we receive your verifiable consumer request (see “Exercising Access, Data Portability, Deletion, and Correction Rights” below), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate Personal Data, if any, as directed by you.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, Deletion, and Correction Rights:
How to submit requests:
To exercise the access, data portability, deletion and correction rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by visiting skimlinks.com or via e-mail at
dpo@skimlinks.com.
Who may submit requests:
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Data. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your own identity with us and providing a copy of written authorization from the agent to act on your behalf or other validation method used by us to confirm that an agent has been authorized to act on behalf of a consumer
How often can you submit requests:
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period
How we verify and respond to requests:
Your request must be verifiable. This means that you, or your authorized agent, must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collect personal information or an authorized representative of that personal. We may verify your request:
If you have a password protect account with us, we may verify your request using our existing authentication practices for that ccount
For request to know or have Personal Data deleted, by requiring you to provide us at least two data points, depending on the type of Personal Data in question.
Your verifiable consumer request must also describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you.
We will only use Personal Data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Reponse Timing and Format:
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reason why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindranace.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your U.S. State Privacy Laws rights. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact information set forth below in Section “
Who to contact for more information
”.
Who to contact for more information
For questions or concerns about our privacy practices, you can contact us or contact our data protection officer at
dpo@skimlinks.com
or at the following address:
Skimbit Ltd t/a Skimlinks
Aldgate House, 2nd Floor
33 Aldgate High Street
London EC3N 1DL, United Kingdom
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 06.02.2025
If you have a question or any concerns about our Privacy Policy, please
let us know
.
Close menu
For Publishers
Bloggers
Media Publishers
Influencers & Creators
For Merchants
Resources
Blog
We’re hiring
Log in
Sign Up
en
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
日本語
Log in to your account
Remember me
I forgot my password
|
Sign up
Are you a Merchant or Affiliate Network?
Contact us
Message received. Thank you!
Manage Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always on
These cookies are necessary and essential to keep our website working as it should.
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow the Sites to remember choices that you or your device have indicated (such as
                        your user name, language, or region) and to provide enhanced, personalized features that improve
                        your web experience.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Sites, such as which pages they
                        visit most often and whether they encountered any error messages. This data is then aggregated
                        and therefore used in anonymous form. These types of cookies are only used to improve the Sites’
                        performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are particularly relevant to you, based on
                        your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times that you see an advertisement
                        and to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
Save
We and our partners use cookies on this website to keep it working properly, to enhance your user experience and for advertising purposes. For more information on the types of cookies we use and how to disable them, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept All
Manage Cookies
Deny All
Sub-policy 3
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/:
I. What is the purpose of this policy?
Summary:
On this page you will find information about how LiveRamp processes personal data when providing its services.
For any information relating to the use of your personal data during your visit to our website, you can consult the
dedicated privacy policy
.
For information concerning LiveRamp’s use of cookies and pixels, click
here
The LiveRamp group provides its customers with tools to optimise their online marketing activities. As part of these activities, personal data that can directly or indirectly identify.B individuals are collected and processed.
In the United Kingdom, the LiveRamp group carries out its activities under the responsibility of LiveRamp UK Limited, a company with its registered address at 8 Kean Street, First Floor, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 4AS (“
LiveRamp
” or “
we
“). As explained in this policy, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a controller of personal data or as a processor acting on behalf of our customers.
This policy provides information about how your personal data is processed when we provide our services. This information is provided as part of a transparency process, to help you understand our processing activities, which are usually carried out in collaboration with our customers and other partners from which we collect personal data. To this end, to supplement the information provided in this policy, please consult the privacy policies of the partners concerned.
Specific legal terminology used in this policy, such as “personal data”, “controller” and “processor”, shall have the same meaning as set out in the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK
GDPR
“).
Who are our “partners” mentioned in this policy?
In providing our services we interact with, and in some cases share and receive data from, various partners who are organisations involved in the delivery of online advertising. We use different terminology depending on the type of partner, as explained below:
“Match Partners” – these are publishers of websites and mobile applications who use LiveRamp’s services to collect personal data from visitors to those sites and applications.
“Offline Partners” – these are commercial data providers from whom LiveRamp obtains personal data used to build its offline data repositories. These data repositories enable LiveRamp to link personal data for the purpose of providing our services to our customers.
“Sync Partners” – these are other advertising technology platforms with whom LiveRamp will synchronise user identifiers. These enable our customers to more effectively target online advertising.
Who are our “customers” mentioned in this policy?
Our customers are advertisers operating in sectors such as retail, automotive, telecommunications and insurance. LiveRamp provides various services to our customers to enable them to undertake more effective online advertising.
II. In which cases does LiveRamp process your personal data?
Summary:
LiveRamp processes your personal data in various data repositories. The data held in these repositories is sourced from commercial data providers with whom you have interacted, publicly available sources and from website and mobile application providers which embed LiveRamp technologies.
LiveRamp uses the data held in its data repositories to establish links between the data provided to us by our customers and data concerning the users of other websites and applications. By making these links LiveRamp enables its customers to more effectively target advertising to the users it is trying to reach across different advertising technology platforms. LiveRamp is a controller of the data held in its data repositories, which it uses to facilitate its linking process. This data is not shared with our customers. However, certain online identifiers which are created as a result of the linking process are shared with customers and advertising platforms to facilitate online advertising.
Separately, LiveRamp’s advertiser customers provide us with their own datasets (for example, lists of their existing customers). LiveRamp is a processor of the data provided to it by its customers, which is then linked by LiveRamp. This means we process such data on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
To provide its services, LiveRamp, as the data controller, builds offline and online data repositories of your personal data. The “offline” repository, a database of directly identifying data, and the “online” repository, a database which does not contain directly identifying data (e.g. names) but which includes online user identifiers, are used to enable LiveRamp to provide its services to customers.
The purpose of this processing is to enable LiveRamp to link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation technologies, to enable our customers to pursue their own objectives and purposes with regards to measurement, analysis, online and TV targeted advertising.
* Recognition, to link an individual’s personal data collected from potentially various sources or in different formats or structures.
* Pseudonymisation, to ensure maximum confidentiality and security while processing personal data.
* Synchronisation, to link different advertising environments.
You have various rights in relation to our processing of your personal data (e.g. to obtain copies of it and to object to our processing). These rights are not absolute. Further information is provided below. LiveRamp processes your personal data for the purpose of processing your request to
exercise your rights
.
A. LiveRamp processes personal data as a controller to provide solutions based on recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation (our purposes)
What is the context?
Our business is primarily to develop and provide solutions to advertising customers to enable them to improve their marketing activities. To deliver targeted advertising to selected consumers, our customers want to be able to find their own customers and users in different advertising environments.
To enable our customers to find their clients in different advertising environments, LiveRamp’s solutions are based on “
recognition
“, “
pseudonymisation
” and “
synchronisation
” technologies that link various data (collected “online” or “offline”) and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, and use this to enable our customers to analyse, measure and target across different data management and advertising environments.
What processing does LiveRamp perform as controller?
To perform this data link and synchronisation, we have developed data repositories, of which we are the controller. Most of the data contained in our repositories is collected indirectly from our partners via online collection forms or when subscribing to their services. We also use public and free-to-use data registers.
No data from the LiveRamp data repositories is ever shared with our customers. Instead, LiveRamp uses the data repositories to link our customers’ own data about its users so as to enable them to more effectively carry out advertising activities.
More details on the categories of data processed.
We follow a specific process in relation to our data repositories consisting of translating directly identifying information, for example surnames, first names, email and postal addresses, into pseudonymous identifiers. To pseudonymise data, we apply technical and organisational processes aimed at removing any element that directly identifies a person. Pseudonymous data remains personal data protected by personal data protection regulations, but it provides a better level of confidentiality.
When does synchronisation take place?
It is only after this pseudonymisation process that we synchronise the pseudonymous identifiers with those of the various advertising environments that operate the campaigns of our common customers. We then share this single list of pseudonymous and synchronised identifiers, and no other information, with advertising platforms to enable them to carry out online advertising campaigns for selected consumers.
B. LiveRamp, as a processor, processes personal data on behalf of its customers who perform advertising analytics and targeting, monetize their data and manage cookie consents on their websites
What processing does LiveRamp carry out as a processor?
In addition to the data held in our data repositories (for which we are a controller as described above), our customers will also provide us with their own datasets over which we will run linking processes to better enable them to analyse, measure and target
those individuals. We process such customer data as a processor acting on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
On receipt of our customers personal data sets we firstly pseudonymise the data by removing directly identifying information and replacing it with alternative identifiers. Once our customers’ personal data is pseudonymised, it is made available in their advertising environments for their own purposes.
What are the purposes pursued by LiveRamp’s customers as data controllers?
Our customers may have a range of purposes for which they use the personal data processed in connection with our services, and you should review our customers’ privacy policies for full information. Generally, the purposes pursued by our customers, for which we act as a processor, may be broadly categorised as follows:
– To customise the online advertising displayed to you by their advertising partners.
For example, if you have visited a clothing website and viewed the “sportswear” pages, you may then see advertisements for sportswear on other websites. This is because a cookie was placed on your device, subject to your consent, and associated you with our customer’s list of consumers interested in sportswear, which is then used by our customer through our services.
– To measure and analyse the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
For example, a sportswear company wants to better understand whether advertisements for a new sportswear line have contributed to increased sales. Our services can be used by this company to measure this impact.
– To optimise their marketing operations by identifying the most relevant channels for sending you advertising (websites, mobile applications, emails or SMS), while limiting the amount of advertising received.
For example, they may send you an email reminding you of the promotions available on the website of the brand of which you are a customer or avoid sending you the same advertisement several times on your various devices (computers, tablets or phones), to limit the amount of advertising you receive.
– To model audience segments to which our customers can promote their products and services.
For example, a brand is launching its new clothing range. It may use our services to analyse and enhance its knowledge of the socio-demographic or behavioural characteristics of its existing customers. It will be able to select other consumers with the same characteristics in order to send them advertisements and find new customers.
–
To monetise their audience segments for ad targeting or for campaign performance measurement purposes.
Some of our customers may make available their audience segments based on demographic and behavioural data for ad targeting purposes. They can thus send us data such as contact data (e.g. an email address) and/or digital identifiers (e.g. a cookie identifier) associated with marketing segments. Our role is to pseudonymise them (i.e. remove all directly identifying information) and make them available within the “LiveRamp Marketplace”, a platform through which the datasets can be accessed and used by our customers’ advertising environments in a selective, secure and pseudonymous manner.
Other customers may market performance analysis of advertising campaigns and appoint us to carry out this analysis. To do this, they send us their transactional data (e.g. purchases made from a brand) or their online or television advertising exposure data, in order to carry out this analysis on behalf of advertisers. Our role is to compare the populations exposed to an advertising campaign with those who bought the product related to this campaign, in order to produce a report presenting the conclusions relating to performance on an aggregate basis.
C. As a data processor, LiveRamp processes your personal data when publishers use LiveRamp’s ATS
We are processor on behalf of our ATS publishers: this means that they determine how and why your data is used. In this case, you are informed by our ATS publishers with whom you are in direct contact when such processing is initiated. Our ATS publishers only share pseudonymous data with us (your e-mail address in hashed form), which does not allow you to be directly identified and which we delete immediately after creating a corresponding technical and pseudonymous identifier. Such processing is carried out to enable our ATS publishers to customise the content and advertisements offered to you according to your interests, throughout your online experience (web, emails, mobile apps, connected objects, etc.).
III. When LiveRamp is the data controller, what personal data are processed, on what legal basis and for how long are the data retained?
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
Category of data
(details)
Legal basis
(details)
Retention period
(details)
Purpose of processing
Personal data
Legitimate interest
2 years from our last interaction with the data concerned
Link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition
Cookie and pixel data
Consent
Cookies: 12 months
Mobile IDs: 240 days
Associated data: 12 months
Data you provide to us in connection with the exercise of your rights
Compliance with a legal obligation
Period needed to manage and comply with your request.
Your data  will be retained for an additional period of time necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations and the exercise of our legal rights
Processing your request to exercise your rights
LiveRamp does not collect any “special categories of personal data” (i.e., information about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sex life, political opinions, health, trade union membership, or genetic/biometric data), or any personal data about children under the age of 13.
A. Categories of personal data processed by LiveRamp
Directly identifying personal data
Directly identifying personal data
: We collect the following directly identifying data: surnames, first names, dates of birth, postal addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers. This data is collected through our trusted partners (“Offline Partners”) who obtain information declared voluntarily by individuals through questionnaires when purchasing goods or subscribing to a service, for example. Furthermore, like many companies, we use information obtained from public sources such as the
Electoral Roll
.
Data that you send us in connection with the exercise of your rights:
In the context of exercising your rights (right to object or access your personal data, for example), we may ask you for certain personal data such as your surname, first name, postal address, email address as well as, for the sole right of access, a proof of your identity. We will only use this proof of identity to process your access request and it will be deleted once we have established your identity. If you choose not to provide us with this data, we may not be able to respond to your request to exercise your rights.
Indirectly identifying personal data
Cookies, pixels and associated data:
when you use certain websites and mobile applications of our Match Partners, or when opening an email sent by a Match Partner you have authorised, we read and store cookies and pixels and collect data such as identifiers linked to your devices (cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, etc.), as well as hashed email addresses and associated data (IP address, user agent, timestamp, URL or app name, etc.). The hashed email address collected is immediately pseudonymised using our technical processes and we do not retain any directly identifying data in the context of our cookies and pixels. This data is used as part of our recognition and synchronisation solutions to link the various data and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, which our customers can target in different advertising environments to send you advertisements tailored to your consumer profile.
These consumer profiles are not defined on the basis of your browsing, which we do not track, but on information that has been collected elsewhere by our customers in compliance with the regulations relating to the protection of personal data and the use of cookies. Those consumer profiles are not used in any automated decision making.
When you log into our Match Partners’ websites or mobile applications, or open an email sent by one of them, information relating to cookies and pixels must appear and must also allow you to consent to them being deposited on your device. A link to more comprehensive information must also be present. This detailed information page must include a specific notice on the storage of cookies by third parties including LiveRamp, as well as a link to this privacy policy.
You can also refuse our cookies by clicking
here
.
Your choice not to subscribe is cookie-based. For it to work on your device, your browser must be configured to accept third-party cookies. If you use a new device or browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to unsubscribe again.
B. Legal basis of processing
The
activities for which we are controller are based on the following:
Legitimate interest
The personal data processing we carry out is based on legitimate interest because it is essential to operate our customer solutions and thus honour
the agreements concluded with our customers and partners and enable our advertising customers to promote their products and services. We only rely on this legal basis in cases where the above mentioned interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms, on the basis of a careful balance of interests test. You may contact our Data Protection Officer to obtain further details in that respect.
This processing also enables consumers to see advertisements and content more suited to their interests when browsing, and to rationalise the amount of advertising received. Finally, this processing contributes to the web ecosystem in general because the additional revenues generated by this customisation make it possible to maintain free access to the content of many websites.
Consent
The processing of personal data associated with cookies and pixels is based on the consent that we collect in accordance with the regulations applicable to “cookies and other trackers”. Regarding the storing of our cookies, we also comply with the industry standards established by
IAB Europe (TCF)
and/or the
EDAA
where applicable and without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing. You can withdraw your consent regarding your data and LiveRamp cookies at any time via our page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data when we process your request to
exercise your rights
.
C. Retention periods for your personal data
The personal data that we process as a controller are retained for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services. We automatically refresh directly identifiable personal data based on the updated data provided by our Offline Partners. This process involves the removal of unusable data by application of the Offline Partner’s retention period and any opt out or erasure request. At the end of our contract with the related Offline Partner, we permanently delete the data they have provided. In any event, we automatically delete directly identifying personal data that have remained inactive for 2 years.
We store our cookie identifiers in our databases for 12 months but no longer use our cookies that have remained inactive for 90 days. We store mobile identifiers for 240 days after their entry into our databases. We store the data associated with our cookies separately and for a maximum of 12 months.
As part of the exercise of your rights, we retain a strict minimum of data allowing us, where applicable, to establish, exercise and defend our rights in court.
V. With whom may we share your data?
We may share the pseudonymous data or identifiers we use with various advertising environments when you have provided consent for this (Sync Partners, Match Partners), solely for the purpose of enabling us to synchronise with them, each acting as a data controller. We may also share with some of those partners pseudonymous identifiers to give effect to your consent withdrawals or opt-out.
We may also disclose data to a competent authority or court, but only if permitted or if required by law.
LiveRamp is a multinational company, which means that as part of our services we may transfer the data we collect to other entities in our group. We also use the services of certain service providers who help us operate our information systems.
We reserve the right to disclose data to third parties in case we (consider to) sell or transfer all or part of our business activities or assets to a third party, to the extent permitted by law.
Some of these recipients are located in countries outside the UK:
1/ which have been recognised by the UK as offering the same level of data protection as countries in the UK; or
2/ that have not been the subject of an adequacy decision. In this case, we use appropriate safeguards, in particular the International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) that gives personal data processed abroad an essentially equivalent protection as in the UK. To receive any further information on the suitable safeguards, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
VI. What are your rights?
Summary:
In accordance with the UK GDPR, you have the right to request access, rectification, erasure and portability transfer of your data, and the right to limit and request the restriction of and to object to its processing.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the processing of personal data is based on your consent, it being noted that it does not affect the lawfulness of the processing operations carried out based on your consent prior to its withdrawal.
To exercise these rights, please visit our dedicated page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
As a natural person whose personal data is processed, you have certain rights which are summarised below. Not all of these rights are absolute and we may have lawful grounds to refuse your request to exercise your rights, depending on the circumstances as set out in the applicable data protection legislation.
Right of access
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed and, if so, you have the right to request access to such personal data, including, but not limited to, information about the categories of personal data concerned, the purposes of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. In any case, we must take into account the rights and freedoms of others, so this right is not absolute. If you request more than one copy of the personal data processed, we may charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs.
Right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify incorrect personal data relating to you. Depending on the purpose of processing, you also have the right to request that incomplete personal data be completed, including by means of an additional statement.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the deletion of the personal data relating to you.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. In this case, your personal data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of substantial public interest.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances as defined in the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to receive personal data provided by you to us and relating to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you may also have the right to transfer such personal data to another controller or to request us to transfer such data directly to another controller to the extent this is technically possible.
Right to object
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to object at any time, for reasons relating to your specific situation, to the processing of your personal data by us, and we may be required to stop the processing of your personal data, unless we demonstrate that there are legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing which prevail on your interests and rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This applies in particular when the processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests.
Right to withdraw consent
In case you have given your consent for the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Notice, you can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that took place prior to the wit
hdrawal of consent.
LiveRamp has signed the
EDAA charter
and participates in the “
Your Online Choices
” programme which enables consumers to learn how targeted advertising has been offered to them and to choose whether they want to continue receiving such offers.
LiveRamp also participates in the “transparency and consent framework” of
IAB Europe (TCF)
and complies with its specifications and policies, this without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing, as described herein. The identification number of our company within the framework is 97.
VI. Data Security
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, and the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
LiveRamp takes the protection of your data seriously, and we have implemented appropriate technical, organisational, and physical measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit internal access to your personal data to our employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a legitimate business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
VII. Other information
Click
here
to contact the Data Protection Officer of LiveRamp.
If you wish to complain about how LiveRamp processes your personal data you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
Changes to our privacy policy
: LiveRamp reserves the right to update and revise this policy to reflect any regulatory changes or changes to our services. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, which displays the date of the last update.
Updated: January 2025
Sub-policy 4
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/your-rights/:
Navigate to
Types of Requests
FAQs
Subject Access Request
You have the right to request access to know what data LiveRamp may hold about you in relation to our services.
In order to ensure we comply with our data protection obligations, we are required to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before giving access to personal data. This is to make sure we don’t inadvertently provide personal data to the wrong person.
We will respond to your Subject Access Request within 30 days, and may contact you if we need more time to process your request.
Learn more about the process and what you may need in our FAQ section, or to start a request, click below.
Make an Subject Access Request here (select “Access My Information”):
As an individual >
Objection Request (opt-out)
You have the right to opt-out from having your data processed any further in relation to marketing services provided by LiveRamp to our clients and partners. Note: This will not apply to personal data collected by us as a result of you visiting our company websites.You can refuse to consent through our consent management platform available in the bottom corner of each page of our website.
We will process your Objection Request within 30 days of receipt and may contact you if we need more time to process your request.
To learn more about the distinction between the Objection request and an erasure Request, please see the information in our FAQ section.
Make an Objection Request here (select “Objection Request”):
As an individual >
Erasure Request
You have the right to request the erasure of the data LiveRamp may have about you.
Please note that if we proceed with your request to erase the data we may hold about you, we will not be able to prevent processing data that may be collected about you in the future, or our subsequent use of the data for our services. This is because we will have no record of your objection to our processing of your data.
If you choose to have us erase your information, you will still continue to receive ads across the internet. If your goal is to minimize personalized ads by third parties who use our services and otherwise minimize their ability to transfer personal information about you, we recommend that you submit an Objection request instead.
If you are planning to submit both an Erasure Request and a Subject Access Request, we recommend that you submit the Subject Access Request first, then submit an Erasure Request after reviewing your completed report from us. Otherwise, we will not have any personal information to return to you in an Subject Access Request.
We will process your Erasure Request within 30 days of receipt, and may contact you if we need more time to process your request.
To learn more about the distinction between the Erasure Request and an Objection Request, please see the information in our FAQ section.
Make an Erasure Request here:
As an individual >
Other Privacy Requests
As per the European Data Protection Laws, LiveRamp offers you the option to exercise your other privacy rights. These rights include :
Your right to have inaccurate data points rectified (
Rectification
)
Your right to have the data points that relate to you put in a hold temporarily (
Restriction of processing
)
Your right to get a copy of the data points you have communicated to a company (
Data portability
)
Your right to opt-out of the processing activities based on consent (
Consent Withdrawal
)
Your right to opt-out of certain marketing activities which can have a material impact on consumers (
Objection to profiling
)
Your right to file a complaint to your local data protection authority
To learn more about Other Privacy Requests, please see the information in our FAQ section.
Make an Other Privacy Rights Request here:
As an individual >
LiveRamp cookie opt-out
You can change your default browser settings to be notified whenever a new cookie is dropped on your browser, or even to block cookies all together. You can easily opt-out of the LiveRamp cookie by clicking
here
.
Please be aware:
that this opt-out tool only applies to LiveRamp’s cookie and use of your personal data in our own products and services;
opting-out of cookies does not mean that you will stop seeing advertisements on the internet, but will only prevent the tailoring of the advertising content to you; and
our name may still appear as part of some cookie extensions that track advertisements that are shown to you, but none of your data will be collected or processed by us.
This opt-out method only functions if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies and may not function where cookies are sometimes automatically disabled or removed. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, use a different browser or computer, or use another operating system, you will need to opt out again, since we do not use persistent, unique identifiers to revive your previously opted-out profile or deleted cookie.
To learn more about the LiveRamp cookie, please see the information in our FAQ section.
Mobile ID opt-out
Mobile app environments do not accept or use cookies. Instead, they use a form of mobile ad IDs (“MAIDs”), also sometimes referred to as “Mobile IDs”.
To more easily manage mobile advertising opt-outs, you may want to consider installing the AppChoices app provided by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) to exercise opt-out control for specific companies that are members or participants in the DAA, including LiveRamp. More information on how to download and configure the DAA’s AppChoices app relevant for your mobile platform is available
here
.
LiveRamp is a data connectivity platform. Our technology sits between you, the consumer, and a brand that markets through advertising. It ensures any data connected across the internet for the purpose of digital advertising considers your privacy and choice a priority at all times. Our service allows websites that rely on digital advertising to keep your experience free of charge and personalized.
Consumer-centric Privacy
By design, much of the internet is ad-supported, so data provides a much-needed context for delivering a better, more relevant advertising experience to consumers. That said, a culture of accountability is essential to succeed in a data-driven world. LiveRamp believes that consumers should have transparency, visibility, and choice into how their data is being used.
LiveRamp and Data Privacy
We believe that consumers have a fundamental right to decide how their data is used. We also believe in the power of data, and that it can be used to shape our world for the better. Data used properly and ethically benefits consumers, businesses, and the economy. We are committed to education around data privacy, transparency, and choice.
For more in-depth details on your rights as an UK citizen, please read our Privacy Notice:
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/
You have the right to request access to the personal information we have collected about you (Subject Access Request) and to request that we erase the personal information we have collected about you (Erasure Request), and you have the right to opt-out from having your data processed any further in relation to marketing services provided by LiveRamp to our clients and partners (Objection Request). Additionally, your other privacy rights include :
Your right to have inaccurate data points rectified (
Rectification
)
Your right to have the data points that relate to you put in a hold temporarily (
Restriction of processing)
Your right to get a copy of the data points you have communicated to a company (
Data portability)
Your right to opt-out of the processing activities based on consent (
Consent Withdrawal
)
Your right to opt-out of certain marketing activities which can have a material impact on consumers (
Objection to profiling
)
Your right to file a complaint to your local data protection authority
In order to find out what information we may have collected about you, you’ll need to submit a Subject Access Request through our portal.
Once you have successfully submitted your Subject Access Request and if we do have information about you, we will provide you with a description of the personal information we have collected on you.
To ensure that we are providing the correct information to the correct person, we may have to ask you to provide the following:
Your first and last names, postal address, and email address;
A copy of a valid identification document (passport, driver’s license or ID card). We recommend you blacken the photo on the ID document and the ID number, as we do not need it for verification. We will only process this proof of identity for the purpose of processing your Subject Access Request and will delete it as soon as we have established your identity.
If you do not send us an identification document, you can provide us with any other way to demonstrate that we could verify against. In response, we will run a search against all data associated with the information you provided us and will let you know if we require additional proof of identification based on the data we may find.
In order to delete the information we have about you, you’ll need to make an Erasure Request through our portal.
Please note that if we proceed with your request to erase the data we may hold about you, we will not be able to prevent processing data that may be collected about you in the future, or our subsequent use of the data for our services. This is because we will have no record of your objection to our processing of your data.
If you choose to have us erase your information, you will still continue to receive ads across the internet. If your goal is to minimize personalized ads by third parties who use our services and otherwise minimize their ability to transfer personal information about you, we recommend that you submit an Objection request.
If you are planning to submit both an Erasure Request and a Subject Access Request, we recommend that you submit the Subject Access Request first, then submit an Erasure Request after reviewing your completed report from us. Otherwise, we will not have any personal information to return to you in an Subject Access Request.
LiveRamp complies with your request for the erasure of the data that we may have stored about you (in accordance with your “right to erasure” according to the European Data Protection Laws) by deleting all personal data we hold about you. However, this also means that we will erase your information from our opt-out databases and we will no longer have records of your Objection to the processing of your data.
As required by the European Data Protection Laws, we will respond to any of your requests within 30 days. If we need more time to process your request, we will notify you within the first 30 days and will request an extension. If we find that we are unable to respond to your request, we will let you know why and provide your rights to appeal our decision.
Cookies are small text files that are set onto your computer and/or other devices you use to browse the internet and visit a website. Subject to your consent, the LiveRamp cookie allow us to recognise your device and gather some information about your preferences and past actions, which is then stored in connection with your cookie. The cookie and associated information are used to provide you with a more tailored experience on webpages, including remembering your previous activities on the website, providing you with tailored content based on your previous interactions on that website, and remembering your log-in information (where you choose to allow that).
We respect the desire to opt out of services enabled and facilitated by LiveRamp. Please note that submitting an Objection Request (opt-out) or opting-out of the LiveRamp cookie and/or MAID means that your data will no longer be used for our own products and services used by and for our clients and partners, as well as our own use in the support and provision of our products and services. However, advertising is a part of the free internet experience where you may still receive ads. These ads will not be fueled by LiveRamp’s products or services, and perhaps may not be relevant to your interests and preferences.
We also recommend that you opt-out using the European Digital Advertising Alliance’s (EDAA) opt-out page. This solution will give you broader reach in opting out of ads based on your interests. LiveRamp has signed the
EDAA charter
and participates in the “
Your Online Choices
” program, which allows consumers to learn how they were offered targeted advertising and to choose whether they want to continue receiving such offers.
LiveRamp also participates in the
IAB Europe
“Transparency and Consent Framework”
(TCF)
and complies with its specifications and policies. Our company identification number within the framework is 97.
Sub-policy 5
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
What is the ID5 Platform (or the "Platform")?
ID5 operates an identity platform for the digital advertising industry.
      By "Platform", we mean that we provide technology that websites, mobile
      apps and publishers of other internet-connected properties (such as
      internet-connected TV's), use to recognize users on their websites,
      mobile apps and other digital media properties (which we collectively
      refer to as "
Digital Properties
"), and that
      advertisers, or companies on an advertiser's behalf, use to target
      advertising to users in the most efficient way possible. Digital
      publishers and other "sellers" want their ads to be relevant to their
      readers, which helps them to offer content for no cost or lower cost.
      Advertisers, advertising agencies, and other "buyers" want to use their
      advertising dollars efficiently by reaching the right audiences, and by
      measuring the effectiveness of their ads. To accomplish these goals, our
      clients – including digital publishers and advertising technology
      platforms and service providers – use our Platform to more efficiently
      and effectively recognize their users and/or to enable their own clients
      to do so. ID5 is not an ad network, a media buyer or seller, or a data
      broker. We do not own digital properties on which we advertise, and we
      engage in advertising only in a limited manner for our own recruiting
      purposes and to advertise to other businesses (not to consumers).
What do we mean by Platform Data?
The Platform is designed to use certain types of information, that
      collectively we call "
Platform Data
". This includes
      information collected by our technology, products and services on the
      Digital Properties ("
Collected Data
"), which may
      include such information as IP address, unique browser or device
      identifiers, and the latitude and longitude of your device when you view
      a website that may want to show you an ad; (ii) information provided or
      uploaded to us or our Platform by our clients ("
Client Data
"), which typically includes a "hashed" copy of your email address
      ("hashing" prevents us from seeing the actual email address); and (iii)
      "
ID5 IDs
" (described below), which are random unique
      identifiers that we create and connect to Collected Data and/or Client
      Data. See "
What Information Do We Collect?
" below for more details on the type of information that may be
      included in Platform Data.
Some Platform Data (for example, cookie IDs, mobile advertising
      identifiers, ID5 IDs, and IP addresses) may identify a particular
      computer or device, and may be considered "Personal Data" or "personal
      information" (or another term with a substantially similar definition
      and obligations) in some jurisdictions, including the European Economic
      Area (see below on the meaning of "Personal Data" under the EU General
      Data Protection Regulation) and certain U.S. states. This data - which
      we call "Personal Data" - allows us to recognize a particular computer
      or device over time. We call cookie IDs, mobile advertising IDs, ID5
      IDs, and other random unique identifiers "
Digital Identifiers
".
Our Platform is not designed to utilize information that by itself
      identifies an individual in the "real world", such as "un-hashed" (i.e.,
      actual) name, address, phone number, email address, or government
      identifier. Instead, it is designed to utilize only Digital Identifiers
      that enable the recognition of a specific device or browser.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, what is the meaning of
      "Personal Data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
      ("GDPR"), and what does this mean for Platform Data?
Under GDPR, "
Personal Data
" means any data relating to
      an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from that
      data. It can take the form of a name or address, and can also extend to
      unique identifiers that do not tell us who an Internet user is in the
      "real world" but may, when combined with other information, allow the
      identification of an individual.
Our Platform does not rely on Personal Data that identifies you as an
      individual in the "real world", such as your actual, un-hashed name,
      email address, or phone number. When you (an Internet user) first visit
      a Digital Property that has integrated our technology, this triggers a
      request to our Platform. When this occurs, we assign an "ID5 ID" to your
      browser or device, which allows the Platform to recognize your browser
      or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has
      integrated our technology. Such Digital Identifiers are considered
      "Personal Data" under the GDPR.
This allows our clients and certain other third parties selected by our
      clients to sync their own Digital Identifiers against this ID5 ID (see
      "
ID Syncing
" below) so that our clients can
      use their own data on other platforms that they may have associated with
      their own Digital Identifiers.
Glossary of Certain Terms
Browser
: A browser, or web browser, is the user interface or
      application through which you view web Digital Properties. Examples of
      prominent browsers are Microsoft's Internet Explorer, Google's Chrome,
      Apple's Safari, and Mozilla's Firefox.
Cookie
: A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a web
      browser by a website or Ad Server. By saving information in a cookie,
      websites and servers can remember preferences or recognize web browsers
      from one visit to another or from one website to another. Cookie IDs are
      Digital Identifiers.
ID Syncing
: ID syncing (sometimes also referred to as cookie
      syncing) is a common and long-standing process in the digital
      advertising industry that enables advertisers to link up data from
      multiple advertising platforms. (In other words, it helps advertisers
      buy ads in more than one place and on more than one service.)
Here's an example of how ID syncing works. Let's say you sell a product
      on your website. A customer visits your site. Your website stores a
      cookie to recognize that customer's browser, and the cookie contains an
      ID of 12345. You then associate that ID with information about what the
      customer shopped for on your site. If you want to then use that
      information to advertise to that user, you might go to an online
      advertising marketplace to buy ad space. In order to buy the right ad
      space to show your ads to the right user, you'll need to match your ID,
      which is 12345, to the ID that the marketplace has assigned to the same
      customer (which let's say for this example is ABCDE).
The result is a record that says ID 12345 = Marketplace ID ABCDE. That
      way, when the marketplace offers to sell you ad space to show your ad to
      ABCDE, your system will know that ABCDE is the same as 12345, and you
      can pick the right ad to show the customer.
Interest-Based Advertising
: Interest-based advertising
      associates a user’s activity and interest information, demographic
      information, geographic information, and similar information with a
      browser cookie or other online identifier in order to provide more
      useful and relevant advertising. It is sometimes also called "online
      behavioral advertising", "targeted advertising", "cross-context
      behavioral advertising" or "tailored advertising".
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
: Mobile advertising identifiers
      (e.g., Apple's iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google's Android
      Advertising ID (AAID)) are unique IDs that are similar to cookies, but,
      instead of being stored on your web browser, are associated with
      individual mobile devices. They usually are user-resettable. Like other
      Digital Identifiers, Mobile advertising identifiers do not tell us who
      an Internet user is in the "real world", but may, when combined with
      other information, allow the identification of an individual. Mobile
      advertising identifiers are used in connection with apps on your mobile
      device as opposed to websites that you access through a browser.
Cookie Use by the Platform
Although the specific cookies employed on the ID5 Platform may change
      from time to time, this describes how and why the ID5 Platform uses
      cookies. These cookies enable our clients to recognize users and to see
      users' consent choices (including opt-out choices).
The Platform uses unique cookies to distinguish between unique web
        browsers.
The Platform uses cookies with non-unique values for server
        load-balancing and similar technical purposes.
The Platform uses non-unique cookies to store users’ opt-out choices.
Some browsers or other software may be configured to block third-party
      cookies by default.
THE ID5 PLATFORM PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified: October 10, 2023
Overview
This ID5 Platform Privacy Statement (this "Privacy Statement") describes
      how ID5 collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes Platform Data. It
      describes how ID5 may enable or allow clients and third-party providers
      to use Platform Data, but otherwise does not apply to our clients' or
      other third parties' practices. If you are interested in our website
      privacy policy, please
click here
.
What information do we collect and use?
The Platform is designed to collect and use only Platform Data
          (i.e., Collected Data, Client Data, and ID5 IDs) as described in
          this Privacy Statement.
Details
.
How do we collect information?
The Platform may use cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
          technologies to collect and store Platform Data about web browsers
          and devices across websites and apps and over time.
Details
.
For what purposes do we use the collected information?
ID5 uses the information collected on the Platform to provide,
          operate, manage, maintain, and enhance the Platform and allow our
          clients to use our Platform. This means facilitating user
          identification; using information for fraud detection and the
          prevention and detection of malicious behavior and maintaining and
          enhancing our products and services (including our Platform),
          including using information for machine learning, optimization and
          statistical analysis.
Details
.
In European Jurisdictions, on what legal basis do we process
          Personal Data?
Where (i) you are a European Economic Area ("
EEA
"),
          United Kingdom or Switzerland (such countries, collectively with the
          EEA, "
European Jurisdictions
") data subject and
          (ii) ID5 is acting as a "controller" of Personal Data relating to
          you, ID5's legal basis for collecting and using such Personal
          depends on the data concerned and the specific context in which we
          collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is Personal
          Data in a European Jurisdiction, we generally rely on consent
          obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties that use
          our technology or use technology that interacts with our Platform;
          with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data, we rely on
          consent obtained by or on behalf of the particular client that
          provides it to us or our Platform.
Details
.
What information do we share with third parties?
Where permitted, we provide clients access to their Platform Data
          that they collect, acquire, or use on the Platform, and typically
          they may remove it from the Platform for their own use. ID5 may also
          provide Platform Data to our clients and service providers for the
          purpose of operating, managing, maintaining, or enhancing our
          products and services, (including our Platform), including for the
          safety and security of the Platform and the online advertising
          industry, or as required by law. ID5 does not share the information
          collected via the Platform with other third parties, unless legally
          required.
Details
.
How is the information stored and how long is it kept?
Platform Data is stored using generally accepted security standards.
          It is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
          retained in the Platform for up to 18 months from the date of
          collection before aggregation or deletion.
Details
.
What are your choices?
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, we are registered as a
            vendor with, and support, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"). When you visit a Digital
            Property, the TCF Framework is designed to enable Digital
            Properties - which may include our clients - to (i) choose which
            third parties they wish to allow to access your device and
            collect, use and share your Personal Data and (ii) provide dynamic
            transparency and choice to you about each of these third parties
            (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in connection with such
            Digital Property, depending on that third-party's use of your
            Personal Data and legal basis.
Various clients and third-party providers using our Platform may
            be accessing your device or collecting, using and sharing your
            Personal Data as independent controllers for different uses and
            based on different legal bases or as processors on behalf of other
            independent controllers.
Web browser users may opt out of the use of the Platform for
            interest-based advertising in their web browser. Mobile app users
            have access to choices provided by certain apps or in their device
            system software.
Details
.
What happens if this Privacy Statement is changed?
Please check this Privacy Statement for changes. The date of the
          last update can be found at the top of this Privacy Statement.
          Material changes will not be applied to previously collected
          Platform Data.
Details
.
Questions?
Please email us at
privacy@id5.io
.
What Information Do We Collect?
Collected Data
When you visit a Digital Property (e.g., a website) that uses our
      technology (or that uses technology that transacts with parties using
      our Platform), we collect certain information about you and your device,
      including:
Information about your browser
, including:
the type of browser
browser language
browser settings
cookie information
Information about your device
, including:
information about the device's operating system including its
            version and connection type
device make, device model
mobile advertising identifiers, such as your Apple IDFA or Google
            AAID
the IP address from which the device accesses a client's Digital
            Property
Information about the Digital Properties you visit
,
        including web pages or apps visited or used and the time those web
        pages or apps were visited or used.
Information about your Internet service
, including
        information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use.
Client Data
Our clients may provide or upload to us or our Platform "Client Data",
      which typically includes a "hashed" email address ("hashing" prevents us
      from seeing the actual email address). Our clients and vendors, and our
      clients' third-party clients and vendors, may use their own tags,
      pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other
      affiliates) within their advertisements and on certain Digital
      Properties. We are not responsible for our clients, vendors and/or our
      clients' third-party providers for their privacy practices, including
      their collection, use, and/or sharing of data and/or their use of
      technology on their Digital Properties or in their advertisements.
How Do We Collect Information?
The Platform uses cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
        technologies to collect data associated with particular web browsers
        or devices
We and the Platform also receive data from our clients and other third
        parties
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
To provide products and services (including our Platform) to our
        clients, including in connection with ID5 IDs
To develop, maintain, and improve our products and services (including
        our Platform), including:
Conducting research and development, such as conducting machine
            learning to better optimize the efficiency of our products and
            services
Investigating, protecting against and deterring malicious
            activity, fake traffic or fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal
            activity on the Platform and on the internet
To compile statistics about the activities occurring on or through our
        Platform, including for reporting and marketing purposes
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (Data Subjects of European
      Jurisdictions)
If (i) you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and (ii) we are
      acting as the controller of "Personal Data" relating to you, our legal
      basis for processing such Personal Data (see "
What Information Do We Collect?
" above) will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in
      which we collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is
      Personal Data of a European Jurisdiction data subject, we generally rely
      on consent obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties
      that use our technology or use technology that interacts with our
      Platform; with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data of a
      European Jurisdiction data subject, we rely on consent obtained by or on
      behalf of the particular client that provides it to us or our Platform.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
      legal basis on which we process Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
How and Why Do We Share the Information We Collect?
ID5 shares Platform Data with the following third parties:
Clients and their third-party vendors
We provide ID5
        IDs to our clients and, if and as elected by our clients (including,
        if applicable, pursuant to your choices on their Digital Properties),
        our clients’ third-party vendors.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects
, our
            clients may utilize multiple controls to choose the third parties
            with whom we share your information that we collect through our
            clients' use of our Platform including:
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"):
We are registered as a vendor with, and support, the TCF
                    Framework.
When you visit a Digital Property on which the TCF
                    Framework is utilized, the TCF Framework is designed to
                    (i) allow the Digital Property to choose which third
                    parties (e.g., vendors) they wish to allow to access your
                    device and/or collect, use and share your Personal Data
                    and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you
                    about each of these vendors (e.g., an opportunity for you
                    to consent) in connection with your visit to the Digital
                    Property, depending on that third-party’s use of your data
                    and legal basis.
Platform-provided "controls" ("
Platform Controls
") with respect to about third parties operating through our
                Platform:
Our Platform provides our clients with information about
                    the other clients operating through our Platform,
                    providing transparency for disclosure purposes and
                    "allow-listing" capabilities – to create lists of approved
                    companies – to control which third parties may receive,
                    use and share your information
For users who are not European Jurisdiction data
              subjects
, we provide our clients with Platform Controls, including our
            allow-listing capabilities, to control which third parties may
            receive, use, and share your information.
Vendors
We share Platform Data with, and enable the
        collection of Platform Data by, our vendors (including data center
        providers, hosting providers, data analytics providers, and
        anti-fraud, technology and security providers), so that they can
        provide services to us, including to detect and prevent malicious
        activity or fake traffic and to provide analytics and reporting about
        our products and services. Our vendors are subject to obligations
        consistent with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality
        and security measures.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law
We may also
        disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect
        malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is
        required by law, subpoena or other legal process, including to meet
        national security or law enforcement requirements.
ID5 Affiliates
We share Platform Data with other
        companies in the ID5 group of companies to use for any of the purposes
        described in this Privacy Statement.
Business Transfers
We may transfer Platform Data to a
        successor entity in connection with a corporate merger; consolidation;
        sale of assets, equity, or business; bankruptcy; or other corporate
        change.
How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is It Kept?
Security
ID5 uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect
        information transmitted over or stored on the Platform.
We review our information collection, storage and processing
        practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
        unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to information to employees, contractors and agents
        who need the information in order to process it for us, and who are
        subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be
        disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information
        can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. Once we receive
        Platform Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to
        try to prevent unauthorized access. Please also be mindful that we are
        not responsible for the security measures of third parties.
Retention
We never store any information longer than we need it. Platform Data
        is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
        retained in the Platform for up to 18 months for specific clients and
        for use for security and the detection and prevention of fraud and
        invalid traffic from the date of collection before aggregation or
        deletion. When we no longer need the information we collect, it is
        deleted or aggregated.
Aggregated anonymized information is used for reporting and analysis,
        and may be stored in the Platform indefinitely.
When third-party vendors receive information through us or clients
        remove their information from the Platform, their storage and
        retention of the removed information is governed by their own privacy
        policies and applicable laws, rules, and/or regulations.
What Are Your Choices?
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
: We are
      registered as a vendor with, support, and encourage our clients to use,
      the
TCF Framework
, which is designed to provide European Jurisdiction data subjects with
      dynamic transparency into and choice about the various third parties
      used on Digital Properties on which the TCF Framework is utilized. If
      you are a European Jurisdiction data subject, the TCF Framework is
      designed to enable Digital Properties – which may include our clients –
      to (i) choose which third parties (which may include ID5) they wish to
      allow to access your device and collect, use and share your personal
      data and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you about each
      of these third parties (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in
      connection with such Digital Property, depending on that third-party's
      use of your Personal Data and legal basis for such usage.
ID5 Web Browser Opt Out
: If you have not already chosen to do
      so, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt out of having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. When you opt out, an opt-out cookie
      (from id5-sync.com) will be stored in your web browser. The Platform
      will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and
      will apply your choice to all companies using the Platform. If you block
      or delete the ID5 opt-out cookie, you will cease to be opted out with
      respect to the Platform and will need to perform the opt-out process
      again.
ID5 Web Browser Opt In
: If you have previously chosen to opt
      out, but would now like to opt in, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt in to having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. This does not overwrite any consent
      settings you may select on a given Digital Property.
Important things to note about the ID5 web browser opt out:
Blocked cookies
The opt-out cookie may not work if
        your browser is configured to block third-party cookies.
Deleting or protecting opt outs
If you delete your
        cookies, you will need to opt out again. There are browser plugins to
        help you preserve your opt-out cookies. For more information, please
        visit
https://www.aboutads.info
.
Only this browser
The opt out only applies to the
        browser profile in which you set it. For example, if you set the opt
        out while using Firefox, but then use Chrome, the opt out will not be
        active in Chrome. To opt out in Chrome, you will need to repeat the
        opt-out process. This is because the cookies cannot be read between
        different browsers or browser profiles.
The opt out does not block or delete cookies
It also
        does not prevent the use of cookies or other technologies for purposes
        other than interest-based advertising. If you opt out, data may still
        be collected about your web browsing activities and you will still see
        advertising. Ads may be selected, for example, based on the content of
        the web page in which they are shown. If you wish to block or delete
        cookies altogether, you can use web browser settings to do so.
To access the opt outs of other online advertising companies, visit the
      consumer choice pages of such organizations, as follows:
EU
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance,
        at
youronlinechoices.com
(by clicking the "Your ad choices" link after selecting the
        appropriate country)
US
Digital Advertising Alliance, at
https://optout.aboutads.info/
Network Advertising Initiative, at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Mobile App Opt Out:
Mobile device system software such as Apple
      iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt
      out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to
      deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to
      opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out
      of Interest-Based Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS
      devices).
European Jurisdiction Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have certain
      rights and protections under the law regarding the collection,
      processing, and use of information about you. As stated above, the
      information we collect about you when you visit Digital Properties that
      use our technology may include certain identifiers that are considered
      "Personal Data" under European law.
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and certain
      requirements are fulfilled and/or under certain circumstances, you have
      the right: (i) to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data; (ii)
      to erasure of your Personal Data; (iii) to rectification or updating of
      your Personal Data; (iv) to object to the processing of your Personal
      Data; (v) to restrict the processing of your Personal Data; and (vi) to
      data portability (i.e., to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data
      in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and/or to
      have such a copy provided to a third party). If you are interested in
      exercising any of these rights, you may do so via our privacy web form
      (available by
clicking here
)
      or you may email us at
privacy@id5.io
. Please note that, as
      the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
      "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to Correct",
      and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize an online
      identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access" by email, it
      generally will require more time and at least one more step than
      submitting your request via the privacy web form.
In addition, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any
      time. If you wish to exercise such right with respect to interest-based
      advertising, you can do so through the mechanisms and methods set forth
      above under object to the processing of your Personal Data.
Our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of Personal Data
      about you that we believe is necessary to provide our products and
      services. Because our Platform is not designed to collect information
      that directly identifies an individual, sometimes it is not feasible for
      us to provide individuals with information that is tied to their
      identities.
Also, as a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have the right
      to lodge a complaint about our processing of Personal Data with a
      European Data Protection Authority, in particular the Member State of
      your residence, place of work or alleged infringement of the GDPR. For
      contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please
      click
here
.
Your Rights under Certain U.S. State General Privacy Laws
Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective general privacy
      law (such as California under the California Consumer Privacy Act,
      including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (as amended,
"CCPA"
), and Virginia under the Virginia Consumer Data
      Protection Act) (each such law, a
"US State Privacy Law"
), you have some or all of the
      following rights with respect to your Personal Data, as set forth in the
      applicable US State Privacy Law:
Right to Delete
: the right to request that a
        "business"/"controller" (each, as defined by the applicable US State
        Privacy Law) delete, following your verifiable/authenticated consumer
        request, the specific pieces of Personal Data such business/controller
        has collected from you.
Right to Know/Access
: the right to request that a
        business/controller disclose to you, following your
        verifiable/authenticated consumer request, some or all of the
        following (based on your applicable US State Privacy Law):
The categories of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is
            collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or
            (under CCPA) "sharing" Personal Data
The categories of third parties with which the business/controller
            shares Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of Personal Data about you that the
            business/controller disclosed for a business purpose
If the business/controller sells or (under CPRA) "shares" your
            Personal Data:
The categories of Personal Data that the business/controller
                sold or (under CCPA) shared about you
The categories of third parties to which your Personal Data
                was sold or (under CCPA) shared, by category or categories of
                Personal Data for each category of third parties to which the
                Personal Data was sold
The business or commercial purpose for selling or (under CCPA)
                sharing Personal Data
Right to Correct
the right to request that the
        business/controller correct any inaccurate Personal Data that it has
        collected about you
Right to Data Portability
the right to be provided
        with a copy of the Personal Data about you that the
        business/controller processes by automated means in a portable and, to
        the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you
        to transmit it to another party
Right to Opt Out
: based on the applicable US State
        Privacy Law, some or all of the following rights:
The right to direct a business /controller (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) not to sell (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) or (under CCPA) "share" your
            Personal Data.
The right to opt out of "targeted advertising" (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law), which is a type of
            interest-based advertising
These opt-out rights are different from the opt-outs described above
        under the header "What Are Your Choices?" and does not require us to
        cease processing your unique ID5 ID. However, we currently effect
        elections to opt out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Data
        and/or to opt out of "targeted advertising" by performing our browser
        opt-out process (please see below under the header "Methods of
        Submitting Requests").
Right to Non-Discrimination
: the right not to be
        discriminated against by a business because you exercise any of your
        rights under your applicable US State Privacy Law, including by:
Denying goods or services to you
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services,
            including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
            imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for
            goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or
            services
Personal Data
To provide and operate our products and services (including our
      Platform), we utilize (i) Personal Data collected by our products and
      services on the Digital Properties (
"Collected Personal Data"
), (ii) Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of our clients
      (
"Client Personal Data"
), and (iii) our ID5 IDs, which
      are Digital Identifiers (see table below). Even though Client Personal
      Data is provided to us, we may be considered to have "collected" such
      data under US State Privacy Laws.
We collect (and during the last 12 months have collected) the following
      categories of personal information, from the following categories of
      Personal Data, and for the following business or commercial purposes:
Categories of Personal Data
Categories of Sources
Business / Commercial Purposes
Identifiers
(such as an online identifier (e.g.,
            a cookie ID, a mobile advertising ID, or an ID5 ID) or an IP
            address)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Information: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Internet or other electronic network activity information
(such as browsing history, user agent or timestamp)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
With respect to Collected Personal Data, we believe that we are a
      "controller" or "third party" (each, as defined by the applicable US
      State Privacy Law) that collects such data via consumers’ visits to
      and/or interactions with the Digital Properties. With respect to Client
      Personal Data, we believe that we are a "third party", as we collect
      such information only from our clients and do not collect it from
      consumers.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose sensitive Personal Data
      through our Platform, products, or services.
For information on how long we intend to retain each category of
      Personal Data, please see "How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is
      It Kept? – Retention" above.
Disclosure of Personal Data
For purposes of applicable US State Privacy Laws:
"Sales"/"Sharing"
: we "sell" (as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) and/or "share" (as defined by CCPA)
        (and, during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified" date at the
        top of this Privacy Statement, have sold and/or shared) "identifiers"
        (a category of Personal Data) that we derive from each of the above
        categories of Personal Data to our clients in connection with their
        (and their respective clients’) advertising activities, including
        cross-context behavioral advertising and targeted advertising (each,
        as defined by the applicable US State Privacy Law); however, we do not
        knowingly sell or share the Personal Data of children under the age of
        16 without required affirmative authorization; and
"Disclosures for a Business Purpose"
: we disclose
        (and have disclosed during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified"
        date at the top of this Privacy Statement) each of the above
        categories of Personal Data for a "business purpose" (as defined by
        CCPA) to "service providers"/"processors" (each, as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) that perform certain services on our
        behalf, such as data center providers, hosting service providers, and
        data analytics providers, and anti-fraud, technology and security
        providers.
Methods of Submitting Requests
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may submit requests to exercise your "Right to Know/Access",
      your "Right to Delete", your "Right to Correct", and/or your "Right to
      Data Portability" via any of the following methods:
By web form
, available by clicking
here
By toll-free telephone
, to:
1-888-821-2911
Please note the following:
As the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
        "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to
        Correct", and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize
        an online identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access"
        via the telephone number listed above, it generally will require more
        time and at least one more step than submitting your request via the
        web form.
If you are opted out of interest-based advertising on the applicable
        web browser, we may not be able to verify/authenticate or process your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", since we may have no
        reasonable method of connecting your request with the Personal Data we
        previously collected about you.
If we notify you that we were unable to verify/authenticate your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", you may appeal our
        determination by emailing us at
privacy@id5.io
and indicating why
        you disagree with our determination (including by providing additional
        information to support your request).
Because (i) our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of
        Personal Data about you that we believe is necessary to provide our
        products and services and (ii) our Platform is not designed to collect
        information that directly identifies an individual, it is generally
        not feasible for us to provide individuals information that is tied to
        their identities.
If we utilize "de-identification" to comply with a "Request to Delete"
        or similar obligation with respect to Personal Data, we will maintain
        and use such data in de-identified form and will not attempt to
        re-identify such de-identified data.
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may exercise your applicable US State Privacy Law "Right(s) to
      Opt Out" via the following method(s):
By web form
, available by clicking
here
Via the "Global Privacy Control" user-enabled "universal opt-out
          mechanism"
, if such a universal opt-out mechanism is legally required as a
        method of opting out by the applicable US State Privacy Law (for more
        information regarding Global Privacy Control, please visit the Global
        Privacy Control website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/)
Please note that we currently affect US State Privacy Law opt-out rights
      elections by performing our web browser opt-out process, which results
      in an opt-out cookie (from id5-sync.com) being stored in your web
      browser. Such elections – including through the Global Privacy Control
      user-enabled "universal opt-out mechanism" – will be processed only with
      respect to the applicable web browser. For more information about such
      opt-out, please see "What Are Your Choices? – Important things to note
      about the ID5 web browser opt out" above.
Authorized Agents
If you are a resident of a US state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, if and as required by that US State Privacy Law, you may use an
      "authorized agent" to submit requests to exercise your "right to
      know/access", your "right to delete", your "right to correct", your
      "right to data portability", and/or your US State Privacy Law "right(s)
      to opt-out" (as applicable) on your behalf under that US State Privacy
      Law. Your authorized agent will need to provide us with a copy of a
      written permission that is signed by you and indicates that you have
      provided such authorization.
"Do Not Track"
ID5 has not yet developed a response to browser "Do Not Track" signals,
      and we do not change any of our data collection practices when we
      receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses
      to "Do Not Track" signals in light of industry developments or legal
      changes.
While we do not support "Do Not Track" signals, we do honor opt-out
      preference signals received from Global Privacy Control as the
      applicable California consumer’s election to opt out of the sale and/or
      sharing (each, as defined by CCPA) of their Personal Data, to the extent
      technically feasible.
For more information on your privacy choices, please see "What are your
      choices?" above and also above in this "Your Rights under Certain U.S.
      State General Privacy Laws" section.
Advertising Industry Self-Regulation
ID5 supports advertising industry self-regulation, and endorses best
      practices and self-regulatory requirements that apply to the advertising
      industry. To learn more about interest-based advertising and industry
      self-regulation, please visit any of the following organizations:
EU
:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
US
:
Digital Advertising Alliance
or
Network Advertising Initiative
Global Operations and Personal Data Transfers outside the EEA
ID5 is a global company headquartered in the United Kingdom with data
      centers located in the EEA. If you are a European Jurisdiction data
      subject and access any of the Digital Properties that use our
      technology, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred
      to, stored and processed by us and our affiliates in our facilities in
      the EEA, the United Kingdom and other countries, and by those third
      parties with whom we may share your information.
Countries outside the EEA may not be deemed by the European Commission
      to provide an adequate level of data protection for your Personal Data
      or to have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in
      EEA countries. We will, however, ensure that where ID5 group companies
      receive Personal Data of EEA data subjects outside the EEA, or provide
      Personal Data to third-party service providers outside of the EEA,
      appropriate data protection safeguards are in place (such as "standard
      contractual clauses").
What Happens if this Privacy Statement is Changed?
Please check this page for changes, as we may change this Privacy
      Statement at any time. If we make changes that we believe are material,
      those changes will not be applied to information collected prior to the
      date the changes went into effect.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data
      protection practices, or if you would like to contact our data
      protection representative, please feel free to contact us by email to
privacy@id5.io
or by postal mail to
      the following address: ID5 Technology Ltd, 15 Bishopsgate, London EC2N
      3AR, United Kingdom.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
      addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
      dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy v3.0
Sub-policy 6
https://id5-sync.com/privacy:
ID5 Privacy Preference Center
Thank you for visiting the ID5 Privacy Preference Center
ID5 operates an identity platform for the digital advertising industry, helping publishers monetise their websites and protect their users' privacy . ID5 respects users’ data privacy choices, and the ID5 Privacy Preference Center is designed to present you with certain information and enable you to make certain choices with respect to your personal data .
The ID5 Privacy Preference Center is NOT the same as the ID5 Platform Privacy Policy, which describes our platform privacy practices, including how we collect, use, share and otherwise process data, with respect to our ID5 Platform. For ID5’s Platform Privacy Policy, please visit
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
Current browser status
×
You successfully changed your status to
OPTED IN
Your browser currently does
NOT
have a unique ID5 User ID
Your browser currently
HAS
a unique ID5 User ID
I would like to Opt Out:
with my ID5 User ID:
52d1f928-7722-7535-9de8-53867bbf0c03
with my Email Address
Opt Out
Opt In
If you select "Opt Out with Id5 User ID":
If you are in a cookie supporting browser:
ID5 will set a non-unique opt-out cookie in your browser to store your choice.
On non-ID5 websites, this cookie will be considered a “third-party cookie” and may not be readable by us if your browser is blocking or not supporting third-party cookies. If we cannot read the opt-out cookie that we have set, and you indicate on the website you are visiting that you want us to process your personal data, we may not be able to honor your choices.
If you block or delete the ID5 opt-out cookie, and consent again for your data to be processed by ID5, we might not know that you previously opted out.
If you are not in a cookie supporting browser, ID5 will leverage our probabilistic algorithm to attempt to identify your browser and save your preference.
On non-ID5 websites, ID5 will also process some data that does not allow us to directly identify you in an attempt to identify your browser again and honor your opt out preferences. If we still process any pseudonymous personal data about you, it will only be for the purpose of respecting your choices; we will never assign you an ID5 User ID for use in advertising purposes.
Since we rely on our probabilistic algorithm, which never uses any personally identifiable information, we may not always be able to recognize your browser, and therefore may assign a unique ID5 User ID that does not have the opt out preference associated with it. By enabling third party cookies, we can ensure that your browser’s opt out preference is always respected within this browser.
If you select "Opt Out with Email", this will indicate to our partners and us that you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising based on your email. ID5 will not process your personal data for any requests linked to your hashed email address. Note: this choice may limit your ability to access ad-supported content.
If you select “Opt In with User ID”, you agree to ID5 processing your data and might enable our partners to more efficiently serve you relevant ads. This does not overwrite any consent settings you may select on other websites.
If you select “Opt In with Email”, this will indicate to us and, potentially our partners, that you agree to receive targeted advertising based on your email.
If you live in the EEA and have chosen to block ID5 on a non-ID5 website, then ID5 will honor your choice regardless of your opt out choices set here. For more information about how ID5 uses your data, please read
ID5’s Platform Privacy Policy
.
If (a) you have not opted out and (b) we are not required to obtain your opt-in consent to process your personal data, an ID5 User ID may be assigned to your browser after your visit to the ID5 Privacy Preference Center, even if you have not elected to opt in.
Privacy Web Form
You can use this web form to submit a request with respect to your "personal information" under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) or your "personal data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you wish to submit more than one request, you will need to perform the submission process separately for each request.
Country
-- Choose One --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo Republic
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czechia
DR Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts and Nevis
St Vincent and Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
São Tomé and Príncipe
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Netherlands
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Türkiye
U.S. Outlying Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
Unidentified
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
Know My Personal Information
Delete My Personal Information
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have a right to request the following information:
The categories of personal information that we have collected about you
The specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you
Know Specific Pieces of My Personal Information
Know Categories of My Personal Information
Access My Personal Data
Erase My Personal Data
For ID5’s platform privacy policy, please visit
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
.
To enable us to fulfill your request, please provide your ID5 ID and (optionally) your email address
ID5 ID
Email (optional)
REQUEST MY INFO
ID5 has collected the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers
Internet or other electronic network activity information
None
Please note that: (a) we will use the email address you provide only for the purposes of fulfilling your request (including to communicate with you in response to your request); and (b) we will delete that email address as soon as practicable after we process your request, unless we need it to comply with our legal obligations.
To enable us to verify your request, please provide:
Your ID5 ID
Your email address
ID5 ID
Email
I certify that the information I am submitting is correct
Yes
SUBMIT REQUEST
Please note that: (a) we will use the email address you provide only for the purposes of fulfilling your request (including to communicate with you in response to your request); and (b) we will delete that email address as soon as practicable after we process your request, unless we need it to comply with our legal obligations.
To enable us to fulfill your request, please provide your ID5 ID and email address
ID5 ID
Email
SUBMIT REQUEST
Please note that: (a) we will use the email address you provide only for the purposes of fulfilling your request (including to communicate with you in response to your request); and (b) we will delete that email address as soon as practicable after we process your request, unless we need it to comply with our legal obligations.
Please also note that, in accordance with our obligations under CCPA, we will maintain a record of your “Delete My Personal Information” request as required by the CCPA regulations.
Please note that, although your "Do Not Sell" "opt out" right under CCPA does not require us to cease processing your unique ID5 ID, we currently effect "Do Not Sell" elections by performing our browser opt-out process. To perform an ID5 browser opt-out, please go to optout section.
Your request has been recorded with request id: . If you provided an email address, we will contact you shortly to confirm completion of your request.
For more information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process data, and for contact information, please visit our
Platform Privacy Policy
.
We appreciate your desire to protect your personal data, and are committed to helping you do so
Thank you!
Sub-policy 7
https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-notices/services/:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
»
Privacy Notices
»
Services Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Last modified on December 29, 2023 (
previous versions
)
This Services Privacy Notice (this “
Notice
”) describes how Lotame receives, handles, and processes your Personal Data on behalf of our Business Customers and Data Partners. We receive Personal Data from our Business Customers in connection with their use of our Services and from Data Partners, which we license to Business Customers.
Lotame does not generally interact directly with individuals like you unless you are interested in using our Services, are an employee of a Business Customer, Data Partner, or Service Provider, applying for employment with Lotame, are an employee of Lotame, or interact with Lotame for other internal business operations. This Notice does not cover any Personal Data we collect or process through our corporate website or for the reason specified in the previous sentence, which is covered by our
Corporate Privacy Policy
.
In the sections below we describe:
Our Services
– the services we offer and to whom we provide those services.
Our Collection of Personal Data
– the types of Personal Data that we collect, the types of sources we collect it from, and how we collect Personal Data.
Our Sale, Sharing, and Disclosure of Personal Data
– the types of recipients to whom we may disclose, share, or sell your Personal Data.
Our Purposes for Collecting, Selling, Sharing, and Disclosure of Personal Data
– our business purposes for processing your Personal Data.
Retention Periods for Personal Data
– for what periods of time we retain your Personal Data.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
– what rights you have under Data Protection and Privacy Laws, for instance, to request that we not sell or share your Personal Data, and how to exercise your right to opt out of sale or sharing, right to request access or correction, and right to request deletion.
Country-Specific Privacy Notice Supplements
– additional information that is specific to the country in which you reside.
Contact Us
– how you may contact us.
1. Our Services
Lotame operates a platform (“
Spherical Platform
”) that provides technology, services, and tools to provide audience management, identity, and data monetization services (our “
Services
”) to our Business Customers (and their customers) and Data Partners.
Our Audience Management Services facilitate the delivery of personalized marketing, advertisements, and content to you by Publishers and Advertisers.
Publishers and other operators of Digital Properties that have space to show an ad want those ads to be relevant to their readers, which helps them to offer content to you for no cost or lower cost. Advertisers, advertising agencies, and others that want to show an advertisement want to use their advertising dollars efficiently by reaching the right individuals, and by measuring the effectiveness of their ad campaigns. To accomplish those goals, our Business Customers use our Services to recognize and organize their customers or visitors to their Digital Properties, and to help them personalize advertisements and content to their customers or visitors, such as through website and email personalization or dynamic marketing and advertising optimization.
Our Services are also used for the analytics and measurement of advertising campaign performance of our Business Customers. For example, our Services can help analyze how many ads were viewed and clicked, and if the consumer purchased any of the advertiser’s products.
Our Identity Services enables our Business Customers to connect an individual’s preferences across the various browsers and Devices. Our Identity solutions allow our Business Customers to display targeted advertisements and other personalized content of interest to you no matter what Device you use.
Our Data Monetization Services enables our Business Customers and Data Partners to extract value from the Personal Data they collect about you.
The Lotame Data Exchange is one of the world’s largest marketplaces for third-party data and the standard for premium quality data at flexible and fair pricing, and scale that is unmatched in the industry. This data is cultivated from industry leading branded and unbranded Data Partners giving our Business Customers access to over a billion profiles across 30,000 Behavior categories that can be leveraged for Tailored Advertising, site optimization, custom segmentation and more to deliver the most relevant experiences to individuals at every touch point.
Lotame Collaborate is a service that allows our Business Customers to sell or share Audiences created using their First Party Data with other companies on other AdTech Platforms.
Some of Lotame’s Services can be enabled through AdTech Platforms and MarTech Platforms that offer online marketplaces for on-demand web applications that run on or are offered through that platform (for example, Adobe Connections Manager). In cases where our Services are provided through such platforms, this Notice applies; however, those platforms may also collect Personal Data from you, in which case the privacy policy, notice, or statement of those platforms will apply.
2. Our Collection of Personal Data
The table below lists the categories of Personal Data that Lotame collects in the course of operating the Spherical Platform and providing our Services, and the sources from which we obtain that Personal Data. Please refer to
Section 4
for details about the purposes for which we collect Personal Data.
Lotame Personal Data Categories
Sources
Pseudonymous IDs
Business Customers, Data Partners, and Graphing Partners
Declared IDs
Business Customers, Data Partners, and Graphing Partners
Behaviors
Business Customers and Data Partners
Internet Log Data
Business Customers and Data Partners
Event Data
Business Customers and Data Partners
Non-Precise Geolocation Data
Business Customers and Data Partners
How We Collect Personal Data
We collect Personal Data for or from our Business Customers and Data Partners using the following methods:
Tags and Pixels
Software Development Kit
Server-Side Data Transfer
Application Programming Interface
For web-based Digital Properties, we use Cookies in conjunction with Tags and Pixels to store certain information necessary to provide our Services. These Cookies contain our Cookie ID and other information that does not identify you or allow you to be identified without additional information. Our use of Cookies on the Digital Properties of our Business Customers and Data Partners is governed by their cookie or privacy policy, notice, or statement.
Please visit
Cookies & You
to learn more about cookies and hot to control and disable the cookies you don’t want.
Collection of Sensitive Personal Data
Lotame does not knowingly collect or process Sensitive Personal Data and contractually prohibits its Business Customers and Data Partners from providing Lotame with any Sensitive Personal Data.
Collection of Personal Data of Minors
Lotame does not knowingly collect Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age (18 in India). Lotame contractually prohibits its Business Customers and Data Partners from providing Lotame with any Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age (18 in India).
3. Our Sale, Sharing, or Disclosure of Personal Data
Lotame sells or discloses Personal Data to or shares Personal Data with the following categories of third parties. Please refer to
Section 4
for details about the purposes for which we sell, disclose, or share Personal Data with third parties.
Lotame Personal Data Categories
Third Parties
Pseudonymous IDs
AdTech Platforms, MarTech Platforms, Business Customers, Data Partners, Graphing Partners, and Service Providers‡
Pseudonymous IDs
AdTech Platforms, MarTech Platforms, Business Customers, Data Partners, Graphing Partners, and Service Providers‡
Behaviors
Business Customers and Service Providers‡
Internet Log Data
Service Providers‡
Event Data
Business Customers, Graphing Partners, and Service Providers‡
Non-Precise Geolocation Data
Business Customers, Data Partners, and Service Providers‡
‡ Lotame uses Amazon Web Services (AWS) for its production infrastructure; however, AWS is unable to access or view your Personal Data.
4. Our Purposes for Collecting, Selling, Sharing, and Disclosure of Personal Data
We collect, sell, share, and disclose your Personal Data to deliver our Services. The purposes for which we collect, use, sell, or share Personal Data depends on, among other things, our relationship or interaction with our Business Customers, Data Partners, AdTech Platforms, and MarTech Platforms to which we sell or share Personal Data. The table below lists and describes the purposes for which we collect, use, sell, or share Personal Data.
Purpose
Explanation
Audience Analytics
Discovery, segmentation, and optimization of Audiences to understand and develop insights about customers and visitors to/users of Digital Properties to increase reach for Tailored Advertising and improve Content Personalization.
Audience Creation
Creation of Audiences using Business Customer Data and Third Party Data, including Modeled Audiences.
Campaign Analytics
Measuring and reporting on how advertisements and content was delivered and interacted with by individuals to understand the individual’s path to conversion and facilitate smarter marketing spend decisions.
Content Personalization
Tailoring and delivery of content based on an individual’s profile or preferences.
Cross-ID/Device Linking
Determining probabilistically, and in certain cases, deterministically that two or more Pseudonymous IDs, Declared IDs, or Devices belong to the same individual or household.
Profile Creation
The creation or editing of a personalized advertising and content profile by combining it with Behaviors previously collected, including from across unaffiliated Digital Properties and Devices, for use by third parties (such as our Business Customers) in Tailored Advertising and Content Personalization.
Tailored Advertising
See Tailored Advertising on our Definitions page for further information about Lotame’s role in Tailored Advertising. Lotame itself does not engage in Tailored Advertising or Content Personalization.
We also may share any of the Personal Data we collect as follows:
Sharing With Service Providers
: We share your Personal Data with our Service Providers so that we can provide our Services to our Business Customers. Our Service Providers process the Personal Data we share with them on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. Service Providers are contractually prohibited from using the Personal Data we provide to them for purposes outside of our instruction or contract.
Sharing for Legal Purposes
: We may share Personal Data with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal processes or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our agreements; and (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties.
Sharing In Event of a Corporate Transaction
: We may also share Personal Data in the event of a corporate transaction, for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
5. Retention Periods for Personal Data
The retention periods for your Personal Data that we process varies based on the type of Personal Data and who provided your Personal Data to us. As such, we are unable to list a precise retention period in this Notice. However, in general, the retention periods for your Personal Data are specified in the table below.
Lotame Personal Data Type
Pseudonymous ID
90 days after the Pseudonymous ID is no longer associated with any Behaviors or Event Data.
Declared IDs
13 months measured from the time the Declared ID was last received.
Behaviors
Campaign Data
Non-Precise Geolocation Data
Configurable by Business Customer: default is 9 months, maximum can be set to 13 months.
When provided by a Data Partner: 9 months.
Retention period is measured from the time the Behavior/Campaign Data/Non-Precise Geolocation was last received.
Event Data
No longer than 12 weeks. Retention period is measured from the time the Event Data was received.
Internet Log Data
No longer than 2 weeks.
6. Your Privacy Rights and Choices
You may have the right to obtain access, rectification, erasure, restriction of Personal Data, portability of Personal Data and to object to the processing of Personal Data (“Privacy Rights”) under Data Protection and Privacy Laws in various countries and jurisdictions. You can make a request to exercise your Privacy Rights by submitting your request using our
Privacy Manager
, by using the alternative methods identified below, or by contacting us at privacy@lotame.com. Due to the nature of the Personal Data we process and the need to verify certain types of Privacy Rights requests, using email is not the best method to submit your Privacy Rights request. Using the alternative methods identified below are the easiest ways to exercise your Privacy Rights and using our
Privacy Manager
instead of email is the best way to submit your request.
If you are not a resident of a country or local jurisdiction that currently has an effective Data Protection and Privacy Law that offers you Privacy Rights, you may submit a request and we may process it as described in our
Privacy Manager
even though no Data Protection and Privacy Law requires us to do so. However, we reserve the right to change or stop the practice of accepting requests from individuals who are not resident of a country or local jurisdiction that does not have a Data Protection and Privacy Law in effect that provides for Privacy Rights.
Alternative Methods to Exercise Your Rights
Browser Opt-Outs
In the United States, you can use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
WebChoices Tool
or the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI)
Browser Opt-Out Tool
.
In Europe, you can use the opt-out tool available at the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s
Your Online Choices
.
In Canada, you can use the tools available at
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s AdChoices
.
If you would like to opt-out of the collection or use of your Personal Data with respect to non-cookie IDs, for example, a mobile advertising ID or a connected TV ID, you can use the procedures described below.
Mobile Applications Opt-Out
To opt-out of the collection and use of Personal Data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, you can modify the settings on your mobile device. Please note that the specific opt-out instructions for each device may differ depending on which version of the operating system software you are running. Instructions on how to opt-out from many mobile operating systems are available at the NAI’s
Learn About Mobile Device Opt-Outs
.
Alternatively, you may wish to download the TrustE mobile application or the Digital Advertising Alliance “AppChoices” mobile application and follow the instructions provided. You may opt-out of the collection and use of data by Lotame specifically, or by all companies that offer a mobile application opt-out via the TrustE or AppChoices app. Your opt-out choice is applied only to the collection of data from applications on the device from which you opt-out.
Television Opt-Out
Lotame licenses television viewership data from third parties that offer smart TVs and video streaming devices. Instructions on how to opt-out from many popular smart TVs and video streaming devices are available at the NAI’s
Learn About Internet Connected TV Choices
.
7. Country-Specific Privacy Notice Supplements
Certain countries or local jurisdictions have requirements for us to provide you with information specific to that country or local jurisdiction. Additionally, your Privacy Rights may vary within these areas based on the Data Protection and Privacy Laws in effect. Where required, we maintain the following privacy notice supplements for those countries and or local jurisdictions.
GDPR Countries
The United Kingdom Privacy Notice Supplement
U.S. Privacy Notice Supplement
8. Contact Us
You can contact us via email at privacy@lotame.com or regular mail to the address below:
Lotame Solutions, Inc.
c/o Privacy Team
8890 McGaw Road, Suite 250
Columbia, MD 21045
Sub-policy 8
https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-manager/:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
»
Privacy Manager
Privacy Manager
Overview
Welcome to the Lotame Privacy Center. Through the links on this page, you can make certain choices regarding how Lotame processes your Personal Data, such as to limit the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Data held by us in our Lotame Data Marketplace, as those terms are defined by applicable law, as well as to stop the use of our pseudonymous IDs for targeted advertising by companies that use our Services. Additionally, consumers located in certain jurisdictions can also request access, correction, or deletion of their Personal Data held by us in our Lotame Data Marketplace. If you would like to learn more about our collection, use, and sharing practices, please review our
Services Privacy Notice
.
The information on this page is for individuals whose Personal Data may be included in our Lotame Data Marketplace.
BUSINESS REPRESENTATIVE REQUESTS:
If you are a current or former user of the Lotame Platform (for example, you are or were employed by a Business Customer or Data Partner), please visit our
Corporate Privacy Notice
for more information regarding the collection and processing of your business contact information and for more information regarding data subject requests, which can be submitted using our
Business Representative Privacy Rights Requests form
.
For capitalized, undefined terms used on this page, please see our
Glossary
.
This page contains the following sections:
Global Browser Opt-Out
Privacy Rights Request Form
Authorized Agents
Third-Party IDs
Global Browser Opt-Out
(Applies only to opt-outs of Interest-Based Advertising, Personal Data sales, and other restrictions on processing.)
Opt-Out
X
YOU HAVE SUCCESSFULLY OPTED OUT!
We’re sorry to see you go, but Lotame has placed an opt-out cookie in your browser.
This cookie will prevent Lotame from tailoring the ads you see based on the anonymous information Lotame collects, as described further in
Lotame’s privacy policy
. This opt-out applies only to this browser and this computer, and you must repeat the process if you switch to a different browser or computer. Lotame is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). If you would like to opt-out of Lotame together with other NAI members using the NAI’s opt-out tool, you can do so by
clicking here
Unfortunately, we were unable to confirm an opt-out cookie was set. Your browser must be set to accept cookies in order for the Lotame opt-out tool to work.
Lotame helps websites tailor the ads you see by using cookies (
https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
). Since your browser blocks access to these cookies, we do not coordinate ad placement across websites.
If you still wanted to explicitly opt-out, you can change your browser settings to accept cookies and retry our opt-out tool. Afterwards, you can return your browser to its previous cookie handling behavior. This opt-out would apply only to this browser and this computer. You must repeat the process if you clear your cookie history or change either your browser or computer.
Please note, websites can still place first-party cookies to record browsing activity while you are browsing their sites.
You can click on the Opt-Out button above to opt-out of having the Lotame Platform used by our Business Customers and Data Partners to collect any Personal Data from this browser and to stop use of the Lotame Cookie ID for interest-based advertising, content personalization, or any other purpose.
When you click on the Opt-Out button, an opt-out cookie (from crwdcntrl.com) will be stored in your browser so that our Platform will know the choice you have made when it sees the opt-out cookie, and your choice will apply to all our Business Customers and Data Partners. Additionally, the Lotame Cookie ID will be deleted from our Platform.
You can also use the third-party tools listed below:
In the United States, you can use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
WebChoices Tool
or the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI)
Browser Opt-Out Tool
.
In Europe, you can use the opt-out tool available at the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s
Your Online Choices
.
In Canada, you can use the tools available at Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s
AdChoices
.
Please note the following limitations apply when using any Browser Opt-Out:
The opt-out cookie is a “third-party cookie” so if your browser is blocking or does not support third-party cookies, we will not be able to set that cookie. Additionally, if you blocked Advertising Cookies, we will not be able to set the opt-out cookie. If we cannot set the opt-out cookie, we will not be able to honor your choice.
If you delete your third-party cookies, this browser will no longer be opted-out and you will need to allow third-party cookies from crwdcntrl.com and renew your opt-out choice.
Your opt-out applies only to Personal Data that was collected through this browser by companies using Lotame’s Services. You may still receive online advertising from other companies, and those companies may still collect your Personal Data.
Your opt-out is applicable only for this browser. If you use other browsers, you will need to follow this process for those browsers. For other devices, see
Mobile Device Opt-Out
and
Television Opt-Out
below.
Mobile Device Opt-Out
To opt-out of the collection and use of Personal Data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, you can modify the settings on your mobile device. Please note that the specific opt-out instructions for each device may differ depending on which version of the operating system software you are running. Instructions on how to opt-out from many mobile operating systems are available at the NAI’s
Learn About Mobile Device Opt-Outs
.
Alternatively, you may wish to download the
TrustE mobile application
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance “AppChoices” mobile application
and follow the instructions provided. You may opt-out of the collection and use of data by Lotame specifically, or by all companies that offer a mobile application opt-out via the TrustE or AppChoices app. Your opt-out choice is applied only to the collection of data from applications on the device from which you opt-out.
Television Opt-Out
Lotame licenses television viewership data from third parties that offer smart TVs and video streaming devices. Instructions on how to opt-out from many popular smart TVs and video streaming devices are available at the NAI’s
Learn About Internet Connected TV Choices
.
Privacy Rights Request Form
You can also submit your privacy rights requests using our
Privacy Rights Request Form
. For most requests, Data Protection and Privacy Laws require us to verify your identity in order to process your request and we do that using your email address. If you do not want to provide your email address, we will be unable to process your request. When you submit the form, we will automatically collect certain information from this browser (for example, pseudonymous IDs that Lotame assigned to this browser) in order to process your request.
The Lotame Platform does not maintain identifying information about individuals; therefore, you should only submit a request from a browser or device that is owned or controlled by you. Additionally, do not include additional information such as phone number, home address, personal ID information, or other information that can directly identify you, as this is not necessary and cannot be used to process your request.
All information you submit to us using our Privacy Rights Request Form will be used only for completing your request, including communicating with you about your request.
Please note that requests submitted through this form will only apply to Personal Data held on our Platform in our Lotame Data Marketplace. For more information regarding Personal Data that we collected on behalf of or for a Business Customer, you must contact that company. For more information regarding Personal Data that we obtained from a Data Provider, and used by our clients and partners, we will provide you with the Data Partner name in an access request and you must contact the Data Partner.
Requests to correct or rectify Personal Data
Under certain Data Protection and Privacy Laws you may have the right to request the correction of inaccuracies you find in Personal Data that we process. Please note that Lotame obtains your Personal Data from third-parties and uses machine learning algorithms to determine which categories, which the advertising industry calls an Audience or Audience Segment, your email or the Pseudonymous IDs assigned to your device are included in. As such, it is generally not feasible for Lotame to correct the categories in which your email and Pseudonymous IDs assigned to your devices are included in because any updates from our sources will likely restore the “incorrect” data.
Below you will see a display of the Audiences in which the pseudonymous ID assigned to this browser is included in.
Authorized Agents
If you are an authorized agent, please submit requests for each individual separately to
privacy@lotame.com
. Include the power of attorney executed lawfully under the appropriate state law or some other signed written authorization from the individual, the email address and any pseudonymous IDs assigned to the individual’s devices for which we need to process the request, and an attestation that you have verified the identity of the individual and that you have verified that the IDs submitted are associated with browsers or devices owned or controlled by the individual. Please also include the legal entity name of the authorized agent.
Third-Party IDs
You can visit the following links to exercise opt-out or other privacy rights related to other identifiers with which Lotame may synchronize:
LiveRamp RampID
Unified ID 2.0
ID5
Sub-policy 9
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy:
Privacy and The Trade Desk Platform
This page is about the privacy practices on our Trade Desk Platform and the data, including personal data or personal information (“personal data”) it uses for delivering advertising. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy,
click here
.
If you reside in the People’s Republic of China,
click here
for the China privacy policy.
Last updated: February 28, 2025
OVERVIEW
AT A GLANCE
FULL PRIVACY POLICY
THE PLATFORM
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
COOKIES
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
TARGETED ADVERTISING
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
CONTACT US
Overview
The Trade Desk offers what is known in the industry as a Demand Side Platform (“DSP” or “Platform”). We provide technology that helps advertisers and their advertising agencies manage digital advertising campaigns across many channels, such as websites, apps, audio, smart TVs, and other video. The advertising campaigns run by our clients help pay for the content you enjoy.
We, and our clients, collect and use data both to help ensure that the ads you see are relevant and to measure and report on their effectiveness.
Our Platform uses data to produce a mapping of devices that might be related to each other, meaning that they might be used by the same person or by people within the same household. This helps advertisers better target and measure their campaigns, as well as limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad.
Our references to our Platform in this policy only refer to the Trade Desk’s own advertising technology platform and do not include the technology or systems of clients or partners that use or integrate with us. Clients and partners are bound by our policies when they use our Platform.
The Trade Desk is a member in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI). The Trade Desk also follows the industry self-regulatory guidelines of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
, and the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
.
The Trade Desk also implements and adheres to the specifications and policies of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework as part of our compliance with EU data protection law. The Trade Desk’s identification number within the Framework is 21. See
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
for more information.
If you want to go directly to our
Opt Out
, please visit
http://www.adsrvr.org
.
At A Glance
Read below for a quick overview. See below for detailed information.
Who we are:
Global HQ: The Trade Desk, Inc. 42 N. Chestnut St Ventura, CA 93001 USA
EEA and Switzerland: The UK Trade Desk Ltd. 10th Floor, 1 Bartholomew Close London EC1A 7BL United Kingdom
What we do:
Advertising technology platform for managing digital advertising campaigns.
The data our Platform collects and processes:
Pseudonymous data such as:
unique cookie and device identifiers
mobile device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
web browsing history from advertising impressions we see
interest information inferred by us from web browsing history
interest information stored and/or used on the Platform by clients and partners
location information
browser and device type, version and settings
hashed email addresses, phone numbers and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
How the Platform collects data:
Some of the ways the Platform collects data include:
from partners sending us requests for ads on websites, mobile applications, smart televisions, video devices, and other media
using cookies and pixels
from clients and partners uploading data to our platform
from clients and partners using our technology to collect data
through the delivery of advertising
The purposes for which the Platform processes data:
The Platform processes data both on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for advertising purposes such as:
personalizing ads
delivering ads
limiting the number of times you see an ad
measuring effectiveness of ads
reporting on ad campaigns
maintaining ad transaction records
attributing purchases or other actions to ads
associating devices that might be related to each other
preventing malicious or invalid activity improving our Platform and the services we offer
Disclosure and transfer:
We disclose data to other parties such as:
clients and partners to help improve the effectiveness of their, and their clients’ advertising
service providers who perform certain services on our behalf
if we think it is required by law
In addition, much of the data collected on the Platform belongs to our clients and partners.
We may transfer data from the country of origin to the US or other countries. We do so under a valid legal framework.
We may also disclose personal data in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Security and Data Retention:
We maintain generally accepted security methods to protect data on the Platform.
We retain pseudonymous data up to 18 months before we aggregate it or remove pseudonymous identifers.
Your rights and choices:
You have rights and choices with respect to the personal data on the Platform. More detailed information is available below.
Full Privacy Policy
Below, we explain in detail the type of data we collect, how we collect it, how we use it, and how we disclose it, as well as the choices available to you. If, after reading this policy, you still have questions, please feel free to contact us.
THE PLATFORM
The Platform allows advertisers and advertising agencies to manage digital advertising campaigns. We operate as a Demand Side Platform; this means we represent the demand side of the digital advertising marketplace, in which advertisers and agencies with ads to display are the “demand” and publishers with space for such ads on web pages, apps, smart TVs and other digital properties are the “supply”.
Digital advertising uses identifiers and associated data to make ads more effective and to measure their effectiveness. Without identifiers, our advertiser clients wouldn’t know, for example, if a 100 ad views were the result of 100 different users that each saw an ad, or if one user saw the same ad 100 times. This information is crucial to advertisers. Without information like this, advertisers would pay publishers much less, forcing publishers to either show more ads or make users pay for their content.
Advertisers and their agencies collect and use data on the Platform in different ways. They may bring their own data to the Platform, collect data using the Platform, or remove their data from the Platform.
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
The Platform collects and processes pseudonymous data about users, households, devices, and ads and where they’re shown. This includes:
unique cookie identifiers
device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
Interest and demographic information stored and/or used on the Platform by clients and partners
Interest and demographic information we create or infer
other information about browsers and devices, such as type, version and settings
location information based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information (i.e., latitude/longitude coordinates), if provided to us
information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which web page or app) they are shown, and at what time
hashed email addresses and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
The Platform receives data in several ways, including the following:
Advertisers and agencies may bring or collect their own information to our Platform (for example, that they collect on their own websites through the use of Platform technology) that we then store and use on their behalf to enhance their advertising campaigns.
Bid requests, which are sets of information that describe an ad space that is available to be filled. We get these requests from the “supply” side of the advertising ecosystem, meaning websites, apps, smart TVs, and others, as well as their agents. The requests contain information about the ad space, the device, and sometimes the user, including location information. They also usually have an ID (or IDs) that enables us to match the request with information we may already have.
Third-party suppliers of information used to target, optimize or measure advertising campaigns.
Purveyors of connected TV devices and apps can send us information about the video content viewed on the device or app.
Pixels and cookies, which allow us to recognize web browsers across sites and over time, and therefore to record information about them over time.
Mobile device IDs, which are made available through the device operating systems, like Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android, for purposes of allowing mobile apps and their advertising partners to recognize a device over time. We use these IDs in a similar way to the way we use cookies.
Mobile SDKs are bits of code that some of our partners enable to be placed in mobile apps. This enables our partners to send us data about the mobile app and device in association with the mobile device ID.
After an ad serves, our servers receive a network request from the device on which the ad was shown in order to confirm that the ad was delivered and provide information for us to measure the ad.
COOKIES
Cookies help us by enabling our ability to distinguish between, recognize, and store data about unique web browsers and devices, and to store data on our servers for the advertising purposes described here. Our cookie domain is adsrvr.org. The Trade Desk ID (TDID) is used to recognize web-browser profiles over time across sites. The TDID has a lifespan of 1 year from the time you last received an ad powered by Platform. This lifespan may be updated each time your browser encounters our Platform.
In order to be able to transmit requests for ads and other data about users or devices between sellers and buyers, and to help show you ads that match your likely interests, we engage in cookie syncing, meaning that we match our TDID to clients’ and partners’ cookie IDs. We also use a cookie to store a related opt-out choice, when users opt out of cookie based targeted advertising.
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
The Platform processes data both on our own behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring and reporting on advertising.
Personalizing ads: We use data to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness.
Ad delivery: We use data to enable the technical delivery of an ad and measure success of delivery.
Frequency and other reporting: We use a pseudonymous identifier to keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when.
Measurement and analytics: We use an identifier to measure how well ads perform, such as whether users clicked on the ad or went to a client’s store after their ad campaign was shown.
Reporting: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure, attribute, and report on the performance and success of campaigns. This includes transaction reporting and verification.
Clicks and conversions: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure actions taken by a user with respect to a particular ad, i.e., a click on an ad, or a download of an app.
Attribution: We may use data to match particular ad views to subsequent actions taken by a user. For example, a clothing advertiser might be able to see that someone who saw an ad for gloves subsequently purchased the gloves. This would be done by stitching together the identifiers from the sites where the ad was served and where the online purchase was made.
Cross device graphing: We may use data and algorithms to associate pseudonymous identifiers that might be related to each other. Such a graph might link various identifiers present on a single device, various identifiers associated with an individual who has multiple devices or multiple device/individuals within the same household.
Detection of malicious or invalid activity: We process information in an attempt to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic. This may include identifying and preventing purveyors of malware or bots that try to take advertising dollars for ads that aren’t shown to real users or that try to harm users’ devices.
TARGETED ADVERTISING
Our Platform helps power ad targeting and delivery across many sites and apps with which users interact every day. Many of the activities described in the section above, such as personalizing ads, ad delivery, and cross-device graphing may involve The Trade Desk and our clients and partners processing data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” or engaging “sales,” or “sharing” of personal data under certain state privacy laws. See
Your Rights and Choices
below to learn how to express a choice related to these activities, or visit our
opt-out page
.
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
Personalised profiles.
As part of our Platform, we may create and use user profiles associated with pseudonymous identifiers. This means that we look at the information associated with the IDs and with the requests for ads, such as the content in which the ad is shown, the time, the geographic location, and the type of device. Sometimes we use information about whether or how users responded to ads to find other users who would respond to ads. We apply various computational methods on this information to find groupings of IDs that may have certain common interests or characteristics, such as “clothing,” “sports,” “travel,” “male,” “25-54,” and so on. Our Platform also enables data suppliers to bring data to the Platform that our clients can use on the Platform to improve their ad campaigns.
Clients can bring their own data to the Platform for their own personalisation. Their sources and methods for acquiring this data vary and are subject to our clients’ own policies and legal obligations. We contractually prohibit certain types of data from being introduced onto the Platform, such as certain sensitive data. Our contracts prohibit clients and partners from using data on the Platform that is from or about users that they know are children.
Interests for groups.
We also create and use information that allows advertisers to understand what will be of interest to a group. We create a group of IP addresses in the same region of a country. We note what content we think is likely to be of interest to that group (as above, such as “clothing”, “sports” etc.) based on the sites users in those groups have visited. Advertisers may use this information to decide to show an ad to one of the IP addresses for the group. Identifiers for the group do not contain any personal data: the information only shows the types of content likely to be of interest to the group; we don’t create any individual profiles through this interest grouping mechanism. We keep these interests for groups segments for seven days.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
We will disclose your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy.
Some of the personal data processed on the Platform belongs to our clients. When this is the case, our clients can take this data, such as records of advertising impressions, off of the Platform. We also may disclose this personal data to other parties on the clients’ behalf and pursuant to their instructions.
We disclose mappings of pseudonymous IDs with clients and partners that use our device graphs.
We disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their value to our value.
Some of our clients and partners receive bid request data through the Platform for advertising purposes.
We may disclose personal data in order to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity, fake traffic, or other activity that may be harmful to us or our clients.
We may disclose personal data to our service providers that store or process the personal data in furtherance of the services we offer on the Platform on our behalf.
We may transfer personal data to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
We may disclose aggregated data that does not include individual-level records to any party or publicly.
We may disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We transfer data to the US under valid transfer mechanisms:
TTD has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and is committed to adhering to DPF principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. TTD is committed to adhering to Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland under the Swiss-U.S. DPF. TTD is responsible for ensuring that onward transfers to third parties acting as an agent on its behalf are in accordance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, including the onward transfer liability provisions. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If deemed necessary under applicable data protection legislation, the standard contractual clauses for data transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and such mechanisms, the terms of the transfer mechanism shall govern.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, TTD commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF submitted to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.trustarc.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over TTD’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We retain the pseudonymous data that the Platform collects for up to 18 months. After 18 months (often sooner) the data is de-identified or aggregated and stored for up to 3 additional years. For interests for groups, we retain data for 7 days. This retention policy does not apply to client or partner data. We have implemented security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, designed to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse, or alteration of the information that our Platform collects, but we make no assurances in this policy about our ability to prevent any such event or the possible harm to you or any third party that could arise from it.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Privacy rights.
Depending upon where you live, you may have certain legal rights with respect to personal data The Trade Desk collects and processes. These rights may include the right to request “access,” “deletion,” and “correction” of personal data, and the right to opt out of activities that constitute “sales,” “sharing,” and processing personal data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” as well as use of “sensitive data” for advertising purposes, as such terms are defined under applicable privacy laws. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information that we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under applicable law.
Opting out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
As described in the
Targeted Advertising
section above, we process data to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including measurement reporting, and building our cross-device graph. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under the law that applies to you. You may express a choice related to these activities including use of sensitive data for such purposes, by visiting
http://www.adsrvr.org
or by enabling Global Privacy Control in your browser. Your devices like CTVs and Mobile Devices may offer choice signaling from the device’s operating system. Where we receive these signals, TTD will opt the user out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
Industry opt-out pages.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may set a third party cookie indicating your desire to opt out of interest-based advertising from the Trade Desk and other companies that participate in industry self-regulatory programs. The US-based opt out pages are
www.aboutads.info/choices
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. The European based page is
www.youronlinechoices.com
. In Canada, use
youradchoices.ca/choices
.
For mobile apps.
Most mobile devices provide the ability to set the device’s advertising ID to an opt out value through the device settings. To learn how to use the mobile app opt out, consult your device instructions. To find information on Opting out on Mobile Devices please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
. Where TTD receives such an indication, we will treat the request as opted out.
For Internet Connected TVs.
Many connected TVs and related devices offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices. When received the Trade Desk will honor these signals. To find out more, including device specific instructions, please visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion.
If you reside in a state, country or region that provides individuals with the rights to access, correct, or delete your personal data, please fill out this
webform
to exercise your rights. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity.
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by following the instructions provided in the denial email. Depending upon where you live, if you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. For further information relevant to California residents, please
click here
.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to explain some information using definitions and categories set out under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Additional Disclosures.
We collect, and in the preceding 12 months we have collected, the following categories of personal data: identifiers (such as cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, IP address, or hashed email address), Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as information about sites you visit), geolocation data (which may include precise geolocation information), inferences we may make about your interests (such as the personalised profiles described
above
), and data that may reveal demographic information or inferences about gender, race, ethnicity, religion, health, or sex life or sexual orientation. For more information about the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the
Collection of Information
and
Personalisation and Interests
sections above. We collect personal data for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Data
We collect…
Uses
We use personal data to…
Recipients
We may disclose personal data to…
Identifiers
, such IP addresses, unique cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, interest information stored and/or used on the platform by clients and partners, hashed email addresses and phone numbers
Internet and Electronic Network Information
, such as information about browsers and devices, such as type, version, and settings, information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which device or app) they are shown, and at what time, information about your visits to our clients’ websites or other online services.
Location information
, including based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information.
Inferences
we make based on other information, such as predictions about ad performance
Demographic information
, such inferences or information about your gender, race, religion, health, sex life or sexual orientation (some of which may constitute “sensitive” information under the CCPA).
Provide our Services,
including on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring, and reporting on advertising, including to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery.
To measure and report ad performance
, such as to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery, keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when, measure how well ads perform, such as whether someone who saw an ad later made a purchase, attribute and report on the performance and success of campaigns
Improve our Services
, such as to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness and predict ad performance and to associate devices that might be related to each other, such as devices used by the same person or in the same household.
For safety anti-fraud purposes
, such as to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic.
Our clients
, where we hold or collect personal information on their behalf. We also share information with other parties at the direction of our clients.
Our vendors
, including with our service providers, contractors and consultants that access, store, or process data on our behalf.
O
ther Parties
, including parties that use our cross-device graph
Protect safety and combat fraud
, including to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity and if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of The Trade Desk, our users, the public, or others
For business reasons
, including in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company and between and among the Trade Desk and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
To legal authorities
, if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
At your direction
.
The Trade Desk does not sell personal data related to individuals it knows to be minors under the age of sixteen (16).
Privacy Rights
. You have the right to opt out of any sharing or sales of your personal information, to limit use of sensitive personal information for advertising purposes, and to request access to and deletion or correction of your personal information. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section above for more information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide evidence that the data relates to you (and only to you) and may deny your request if you cannot provide such information. You may also designate an authorized agent to make such requests on your behalf, as permitted under CCPA. If you do so, we will require the agent to provide proof that they are acting on your behalf, and we may ask you to verify your identity and to confirm that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request on your behalf. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. Please note that if you wish to exercise any of your rights with the Trade Desk’s clients or partners, you must make your request directly with those clients and partners.
Annual Data Requests
. You can learn about the consumer data requests we received over the previous calendar year at this
web page
.
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, The UK Trade Desk Ltd. is responsible for processing your personal data. Under the definitions of “Controller” and “Processor” in EU law, this processing is in some cases as a Controller of personal data and in some cases as a Processor. The Trade Desk is a Controller, for example, of personalised user interest segments that we create for our Platform, when we have appropriate permissions to do so.
When we collect personal data for personalisation from requests for ads that we receive as described above, under EU law, we will use consent as our legal basis for doing so. When we create identifiers for interests for groups, we use consent or legitimate interest as our legal basis. This depends on how we collect the personal data. We process personal data for other purposes when we have a legitimate interest in doing so and that interest is not outweighed by the rights or freedoms of individual data subjects.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
We may revise this policy at any time, and we will indicate revisions by updating the date at the top of this policy and providing notice through our websites or services.
CONTACT US
To exercise applicable privacy rights, please follow the instructions described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. For general questions regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us either by regular mail or email as follows:
Mail
: The Trade Desk, Global Privacy Office
Attention: Global Data Protection Officer (DPO)
42 N. Chestnut St.
Ventura, CA 93001
Email
: << dpo ((at)) thetradedesk ((dot)) com >>
<<End of Policy>>