Privacy Policy
What Information We Collect and How It Is Used
We may collect and hold personal information related to you that is necessary for the purpose of conducting our business, including (without limitation) to deliver products, services or information, improve our services to offer better experience, and to fulfill our regulatory obligations. We will tell you when we ask for your personal information whether it is a statutory or contractual requirement to give us the information and the consequences of not providing the information.
To undertake above goals, we may collect the following personal information related to our users:
User profile:
If you are a user of the Application, creating a user profile is optional. If you register for a user account with the Application, we may collect certain information such as your e-mail address, username and password. You can also use your social media login (such as sign in with Apple) to register with us. Note, however, that we do not collect information from your social media account.
User content:
We will collect any user content you create, share, or post to the Application, which may include information contained in your user account, as well as photos or other image files and associated metadata. Please note that other users of the Application may be able to download and extract any images shared publicly on the Application.
Do not provide financial account numbers, social security numbers , pictures of other individuals, information regarding your health status or of other individuals or any other sensitive or confidential information via the Application.
We may also collect information that you submit when you contact the customer support, or otherwise submit information to the Company, including email address, and other information submitted during your use of the Application.
Financial Data:
We utilize Apple and Google to process all financial transactions and Next Vision is not provided with any personal data related to your transaction.
Device and Internet Usage:
If you download the Application, we may collect information from your device, including identifiers to help us identify your device’s hardware and operating system. Device information may be accessed using industry standard identifiers such as those approved by your device operating system manufacturer.
Cookies:
Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. We and our service providers use cookies to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which pages you click on and how you use the application, enhance your experience using the application, and improve our services. Cookies may include information such as your login or registration identification, user preferences, time spent on a website and pages visited. We may also use third-party tracking technology to record similar information regarding you and your activity on the Application. Google Analytics may collect your IP address, data related to the device/browser, or other information about your use of the Application and may do so using cookies. By using the Application, you consent to our use of Cookies.
Information That Is Not Covered by This Privacy Policy
We may allow you to communicate with other users of the Application and post information using message boards and other similar features available through the Application. NONE of the information that you provide using these features is protected by this Privacy Policy. You should consult the privacy practices of these third parties before sharing your information with third parties.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary and relevant for our business. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
(i) how long the personal information is needed to provide the services and operate the business;
(ii) the type of personal information collected;
Data Rights
You have the right (subject to certain limitations) to:
(i) request access to personal information we hold about you;
(ii) the correction of your personal information when incorrect, out of date or incomplete;
(iii) request that we delete your personal information;
(iv) opt-out of any marketing communications that we may send to you and to object to us using / holding your personal information if we have no legitimate reason to do so;
(iii) the portability of personal information i.e., ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to you, or a third party, in a digital format. Where we are relying on your consent to handle your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to this use at any time. We do not sell personal information to third parties for their own business/commercial uses.
All such requests should be made using the contact details set out below. Please note that if you request that your personal information be deleted, you may no longer be able to access or use certain parts of the Application. We will respond to your request in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as practicable and in any event not more than within one month after receipt of your request. In exceptional cases, we may extend this period by two months and we will tell you why. We may request proof of identification to verify your request. For more details in relation to your rights, including how to exercise them, please contact us using the contact details below.
Security
We maintain security standards and procedures designed to prevent unauthorized access to your data by anyone, including our staff. We use commercially reasonable means such as (but not limited to) data encryption, firewalls and server authentication to protect the security of your personal information. The Company and our staff and any third parties hired to provide support services will be required to observe our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance. However, no information security defenses are impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our applications, servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Changes
This Privacy Policy sets out our current policies and demonstrates our commitment to your privacy. We may change the content or services found on the Application at any time, and consequently our Privacy Policy may change at any time in the future and will be updated from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this Privacy Policy that are important for you to know about, we will post the updated Privacy Policy at this link.
Your Queries
If you have any queries regarding privacy issues or if you wish to exercise your data rights as described above, email us or visit any of our branches for more information. To ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately, to help us continually improve our service and in the interests of security, we may monitor and/or record your telephone calls with us.
CONTACT US :
Email: inform@stonecheck.site
Website: https://stonecheck.site/