Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 30, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) explains what personal information
Anine Bing
collects when you use our service as described in our Terms of Service (the “
Services
”), as well as ways we might use or share it and your legal rights.
Our website is operated by Anine Bing. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Anine Bing. We are a US business, with headquarters in downtown Los Angeles, CA. If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA), for purposes of European data protection law, the data controller of your personal information is Anine Bing (US).
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE USE?
When we provide the Services, we collect or receive information in a few different ways. In many cases, you can choose what information to provide, although some information is required, for example, in order to make a purchase.
Information you provide to us
Personal details and contact information
: This includes information such as name, contact information (including mobile telephone number) and any personal information required for creating an account with us or engaging with our Services.
Account and user information
: This includes information which you provide us when you register for certain customer services or participate in one of our online contests.
Sales and marketing related information
: This includes information such as products purchased, your marketing preferences, telephone number, email address and information about how you interact with our marketing materials.
Payment and transactional information
: When you purchase an item from us, you provide our payment processor with your payment information. This includes information such as billing and payment card details, payment receipts and shipping details. We use a trusted third party payment provider and as such, Anine Bing does not collect payment card information.
Customer support information
: You may provide us with additional information if you email, call or chat with us. Additional information may include details of administrative, technical and support communications with us and any personal information contained in complaints or concerns you submit to us.
Automatically collected information
Log Data:
We automatically collect certain log data when you interact with our Services or visit our website on your computer or other device, including IP address, browser information and the web pages that you have requested on our website.
Cookies
: We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and provide our website. For example, we may use cookies to remember your choices, such as your language preferences, and otherwise to customize our services for you. For more information about how we use cookies, please read here
Cookie Policy
.
If you choose not to provide us with certain information, we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the Services.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. Specifically, any of the personal information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
Where it is necessary to perform our contractual obligations with you, we process your information to:
Process transactions
: In order to process customer orders, track shipments, and fulfil deliveries and process payments and to fulfil our contracts with you and with our business partners and suppliers, we process your personal information.
Create and administer accounts and registrations
: When you create an account with us or register for our products or services, we process your personal information in order to create and administer your accounts and registrations.
Where it is in furtherance of our legitimate interests and those of others, provided those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, we process your personal information to:
Operate, improve and evaluate our business
: We use your information to operate our services and provide our products and to improve the efficiency of our operations including enhancing and improving our services, providing customer support, managing our communications, analyzing our services and performing our contracts with third parties. For example, we will retain and evaluate information on your recent visits to our website and how you move around different sections of our website for analytics purposes to understand how people use our website so that we can make it more intuitive. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
Communicate with you
: We use your information to communicate with you about our Services and to let you know about our terms and policies and other important updates. If you do not object to us using your personal information, we may provide you with marketing information for our products and services. It is in our legitimate interests to promote and market our products and services.
Personalize your experience
: We use your information to help us to better respond to your individual needs. For example, we will retain your shopping history and use details of the products you have previously purchased to make suggestions to you for other products which we believe you will also be interested in.
Advertising
: We monitor and analyze your interactions with our Services and third parties’ online services so we can tailor our advertising to what we think will interest you using the information we hold about you.
Support safety and security
: It is in our legitimate interests to use your information to prevent unlawful activities and misuse of our goods and services, to protect the safety and security of our customers and personnel, to protect our property, to deter crime and to investigate any security incidents or accidents.
Legal proceedings:
We process your information if necessary to defend our interests in legal proceedings.
In certain circumstances, we also use your personal information based upon consent you have given us (which you may revoke at any time) or if we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law.
DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?
Yes. We keep your information private. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your information.
However, to provide the Services, we share your information with affiliates, public authorities and our trusted third parties. For example:
Affiliates
: We may share your information with affiliates, who may in turn share information with us, for the provision of our Services and products in accordance with this Policy.
Service providers
: We work with third-party service providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. When we share your information with third-party service providers, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
Advertising partners
: We share information about you or your use of the Services with our advertisers and third party advertising partners. This means that we may give our advertisers information about the characteristics of our users, along with sharing certain identifiers and/or location information, but we do not specifically identify you by name or share your contact information. Third parties can use this data to deliver tailored advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you or to assess the effectiveness and reach of advertising campaigns. You will be able to learn more about our advertising partners in our
Cookie Policy
.
Analytics
: We work with
Google Analytics
which collects information such as how often users visit our website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the website. You may
opt-out
of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Professional advisers
: We share your information with our professional advisers like lawyers where necessary, such as in connection with the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
We partner with
Rakuten Advertising
, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. The collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located at
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
. You can opt out of it here
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/
We may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the Website through the use of trusted third party partners. These partners may combine your email information with other information they have access to such as mailing address so that we may serve relevant marketing offers to you via direct mail. If you do not want us to collect information about you, please contact us to opt out.
We may share some or all of your information in connection with, or during negotiation of, any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, information may also be transferred as a business asset.
For legal and safety reasons, we may provide information to a third party if we believe in good faith that we are required to so for legal reasons or that this is necessary to prevent harm or injury to our users, members of the public, our staff, or ourselves, or if we need to do so to defend our legal rights or to enforce our
Terms of Service
.
Note
: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
MESSAGING PRIVACY POLICY
This Messaging Program Privacy Policy explains how ANINE BING collects and uses information about you in relation to its text message marketing program (the “Messaging Service”). We use Attentive to provide the Messaging Service to you. For the purposes of the Messaging Service, Attentive acts as our service provider and data processor of your information.
Collection of Information
We collect various information on our behalf from and about you, including information you directly provide when you use the Messaging Service. For example, we collect the phone number and email address you provided when signing up for the Messaging Service. When you send messages via the Messaging Service, we will also collect your messaging history and any information included in those messages.
We may also collect information about you using cookies or similar technologies. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on the hard drive or memory of your device. Cookies enable personalization of your experience on the Messaging Service (e.g., sending you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders).
If you participate in a contest, sweepstakes, research study, or email survey associated with the Messaging Service, we will collect basic contact information and any other information you choose to provide in connection with these activities. We will also collect your contact information if you contact us with questions about the Messaging Service or for customer service.
Use of Information
We use your information to deliver, analyze, maintain and support the Messaging Service. We may also use your information to enhance the Messaging Service features and customize and personalize your experiences on the Messaging Service.
Sharing of Information
We may share, transfer, or disclose your information, if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
Service Providers.
We may share your information with third parties to help us provide the Messaging Service to you.
Legal Requirement and Protection of Attentive and Others.
We may disclose your information as we believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable law and legal processes; (ii) respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iii) enforce a contract with us; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (v) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
From time to time, we may share aggregate or de-identified information about use of the Messaging Service and such aggregated or de-identified information may be shared with any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors.
Protection of Information
We take a variety of physical, technical, administrative, and organizational security measures based on the sensitivity of the information we collect to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. Unfortunately, no online activity can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Retention of Information
We retain your information for as long as you participate in the Messaging Service or as needed to comply with applicable legal obligations. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to resolve disputes, protect us and our customers, and enforce our agreements.
Choices and Controls
Consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. You can opt-out of receiving further commercial text messages via the Messaging Service by responding to any of our text messages with any of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT. For additional opt-out information, please review our
Terms
.
Customer Care
If you are experiencing any problems with the Messaging Service, please visit
https://support.attentivemobile.com/help/
and submit the form with details about your problem or your request for support, or email support@attentivemobile.com.
Main Privacy Policy
By signing up to receive text messages from us, you also agree to our main
Privacy Policy
.
TRANSFERS
Like most international business, we operate globally. As a result, your information can be disclosed and transferred to a country outside of the EEA in order for us to provide our Services. Some of these countries may not have the same levels of data protection as are present in the EEA.
In certain cases, we use a legal mechanism known as “standard contractual clauses” to protect personal information that is transferred outside the EEA. Standard contractual clauses refer to contracts between companies transferring personal information that contain standard commitments approved by the European Commission protecting the privacy and security of the information transferred.
Alternatively, we will transfer personal information to a country which is deemed to have adequate protections in place pursuant to adequacy decisions issued by the European Commission. To access the current list of countries for which there is an adequacy decision in place,
click here
.
To learn more or to request a copy of any standard contractual clauses which may relate to your personal information you can
contact us
.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your information.
We use a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and who are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
MANAGING AND DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you want to correct or update the personal information we have collected or request deletion of your account, please
contact us
. Please play your part in keeping your information secure by choosing a strong password and by keeping your login details secret.
We keep your information for as long as necessary in light of the purposes it was originally collected or lawfully further processed. We generally store your information for the duration of your account with us. We do this to provide you with our Service. We may use third party service providers to store and maintain such data. We require all such third party services providers to have suitable measures in place with respect to the security of your information.
We retain your verification-related information for a reasonable period of time, even if you do not complete all verification steps, to assist with future verifications and to prevent abuse of our verification processes. If you decide not to verify the account and would like us to delete the verification information you provided,
contact us
.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the EEA, you benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below in a summary format, but mandated applicable law shall govern.
Access and Porting:
You can access much of your information by logging into your account. Where legally required, we can provide your information upon your request. Note that, in accordance with applicable law, information will not be provided where doing so would adversely affect the rights (including the intellectual property rights) of others.
Change, Restrict, Limit, Delete:
You can also change, restrict, limit or delete much of
your information by
contacting us
. We may retain certain information as required and permitted by applicable law.
Object:
If we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Revoke consent:
Where you have previously provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent to email marketing by following the link provided in a marketing email. You can also revoke any consent you have provided by
contacting us
. If you withdraw your consent to the use of your information for purposes set out in this Policy, you may not have access to all (or any) of our Services and we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the Services. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Complain.
If you reside in the EEA,
should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have) you have the statutory right to do so with your local data protection authority.
If you have any questions about your rights please email us at
concierge@aninebing.com
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes!
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer or device through your web browser (if you allow it) and other similar technologies like beacons, tags, and scripts. We use cookies and other technologies to remember your settings and language preferences, track users’ movements around the website, and remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
You can withdraw your consent to our use of cookies using your browser settings or your device’s limit ad tracking settings. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited. For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies and how to manage them, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and choosing to update via the 'Edit Profile' page.
CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Our Services are intended for general audiences, and are not intended for anyone under 13, anyone under 16 in the EEA or anyone under the minimum age to use the Services in the jurisdiction where they reside.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we materially change our Policy we will take steps to inform you of the change in advance.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Policy or if you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at:
email:
concierge@aninebing.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 1
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/:
Skip to content
This form applies to user requests related to Rakuten Advertising services.
1. As provided in our Services Privacy Policy (
https://go.rakutenadvertising.com/hubfs/Services-Privacy-Policy-English.pdf
), Rakuten Advertising uses or processes digital identifiers such as cookie IDs (which may be considered personal information or personal data under various privacy laws) in the operation of our Services. The information in this form will enable you to identify (or access) the Rakuten Advertising cookies/digital identifiers on this browser and then submit them to us to act on your below request. No personal information separate from these identifiers is maintained or processed by Rakuten Advertising (for you to access, opt-out, delete or rectify). If you request opt-out, the opt-out may not be applicable to instances where Rakuten Advertising is using or processing the digital identifiers as a processor under GDPR or as a service provider under certain state laws in the United States.
(Note: This Opt-out applies only to this browser, and it is cookie-based. That means if you disable, block, or delete cookies, or browse using another browser, this particular opt-out will not apply).
2. Identifying/Accessing digital identifiers: Please click on this link (
https://ut.ra.linksynergy.com/cookie-info.html
) which will open a window disclosing the Rakuten Advertising digital identifiers/cookie(s) on this browser. You may copy and place below the digital identifiers (value(s)) you copied using the link.
Digital Identifiers:
Indicate your request:
(required)
Restriction on further use of my digital identifier (e.g. opt-out)
Restriction on the sale of my digital identifier and information associated with this identifier
Deletion of my digital identifier and information associated with this identifier
Other Opt-outs:  The steps to take to opt-out of other platforms such as mobile applications are provided in the ‘Opt-Outs’ section of our Services Privacy Policy:
https://go.rakutenadvertising.com/hubfs/Services-Privacy-Policy-English.pdf.
By completing the information above, you certify that: you have the authority under relevant laws, rules and regulations to make the privacy rights request above associated with the information you have provided; you are requesting the information for your own lawful purposes; you are not making this request for any fraudulent criminal, malicious or other unlawful purposes.
Submit
Δ
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Read our Cookie Policy.
Cookie Settings
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. The preferences you chose will be stored in a separate cookie that is stored uniquely on your device. In case you visit our site from another device, use a different browser or after resetting your current browser, those settings are lost, and you need to change these settings again.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work properly in that case.
The data collected within our Strictly Necessary cookies is not used for tracking purposes; therefore, it is not used for advertising nor shared with companies that sell or trade data.
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and display customized videos and images. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance and Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are the most and least popular and learn how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label