Privacy Policy
Retention Policy, Managing Information
POL - BUD LTD will retain User provided data for as long as our product
                    is in use by the client and in some cases even after it ceases to exist. The duration for
                    Automatically collection information is 24 months. In case, you would like us to delete any specific
                    or all of the User Provided Data, please contact us at polbudapp@gmail.com and our support staff
                    will get in touch with you soon after.
Security
Ensuring safety and confidentiality of the information provided by the
                    client is our topmost concern. We employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect
                    information that needs to be processed and maintained. For instance, we limit the information’s
                    access to authorized staff for whom the availability of this information is vital in order to
                    operate, develop and refine the product. Kindly note that despite our endeavors to safeguard the
                    information, security breaches remain a possible threat.
Subscriptions
The app offers subscriptions.
                Payment for the subscription will be charged to your Apple ID account upon confirmation of purchase.
                Subscriptions are available in the following periods: 1 week, 1 month, and a 3-day trial week. The subscription will automatically renew unless auto-renewal is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
                Your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours before the end of the current period, indicating the cost of the renewal.
                You can manage your subscriptions and turn off auto-renewal after purchase by going to your App Store account settings.
                Subscriptions can be canceled at any time in your Apple ID settings. All prices include applicable local sales tax.
                If subscriptions with a 3-day trial week are offered, the subscription will automatically renew at the standard rate after the trial period unless it is canceled before the end of the trial.
                Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited upon subscription purchase.
Changes
The Privacy policy as per changing requirements may be updated at any
                    point of time. If that happens, we’ll be quick to notify you of any resulting changes by via email
                    or text message. Clients and customers are advised to consult this Policy Policy to stay acquainted
                    with the latest changes.
Your Consent
By opting into our services, you are consenting to our processing of your
                    information as has been stated in the Privacy Policy. Processing implies making use of cookies on a
                    computer/hand held device or using touch information in any form, including, but not limited to,
                    collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all such activities will
                    take place in our global offices.
Data Collection and Usage
We do not collect or store your data. Your data may be collected for advertising purposes by the following services, in which case you will need to contact them. Their privacy policy:
                https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
                https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
                https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Contact Us:
In case you have any questions regarding our privacy while using our
                    services, or anything about our practices, please get in touch with us via email at
                    polbudapp@gmail.com.