How it works
Privacy
FAQ
Blog
Get SpeakApp
Legal
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Version 2.0 — June 25, 2024
SpeakApp AI (“We” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your (“you” or “user”) personal data privacy and complying with data protection principles and provisions under applicable laws. The information that is shared with us helps us to provide a great experience with SpeakApp AI.
We only store the data that SpeakApp AI needs to function as a secure speech-to-text transcription and AI text editing service.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to use SpeakApp AI (in whole or in part) in any way or manner you are consenting to the collection, processing, usage and disclosure of your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand and/or agree to this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using SpeakApp AI.
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis and terms upon which we collect, process, use and/or disclose your information that is obtained from you when you use and/or access our proprietary mobile application and website known as SpeakApp AI and the content, features and services therein (collectively, “SpeakApp”). Such information may include personal information relating to or linked to a specific individual such as name, email address, biometric data, phone permission, media library permission or any such information we have requested and you have provided through SpeakApp AI (“Personal Data”).
Terms of Service
This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Service, which describes the terms under which you use our Services and which are available at
https://speakapp.com/terms
This Privacy Policy should therefore be read in conjunction with those terms.
Personal Data
2.1 Basic Account Data
We do
not
require you to provide your email or any other personal data. You can start using SpeakApp without creating account. In this case random user ID is assigned to you and it is not linked to any personal identifiable information
2.2 Optional Account Data
You can chose to create account using your email to be able to store your recordings securely and sync your data across multiple devices. Unless otherwise specified your email can only be used to send you the details to recover access to your account. The login email address will be stored until it is changed or the account is deleted.
2.3 Audio Recordings
In case you chose to create an account we store audio recordings recorded using SpeakApp AI or imported into SpeakApp AI by you on our servers so that you can access your data from any of your devices anytime without having to rely on third-party backups. All data is stored encrypted and the encryption keys in each case are stored in other data centers in different jurisdictions. This way local engineers or physical intruders cannot get access to user data.
You can chose to immediately delete all the audio recordings data by navigating to your SpeakApp AI settings and selecting "Delete All" option from settings. Deleted recordings are deleted permanently, no copies or backups are being retained.
There are no ways to restore deleted recordings.
Keeping Your Personal Data Safe
3.1 Storing Data
Your data is stored in the data center provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS) using Amazon S3 storage. AWS is ISO/IEC 27001 certified, the world's best-known standard for information security management systems (ISMS). All data is stored using server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) to ensure that local engineers or physical intruders cannot access your data.
3.2. Retention
Unless stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the personal data that you provide us will only be stored for as long as it is necessary for us to fulfill our obligations in respect of the provision of the Services. You can chose to immediately delete all audio recordings data using "Delete All" option in the app's settings. You can delete your account by using "Delete account" option in settings under your account label.
Processing Your Data
4.1 Our Services
SpeakApp AI is a cloud service. In case you chose to create an account using an email, we will process your data to enable speech-to-text transcription services, deliver your audio recordings history, to any devices of your choosing without a need for you to use third-party backups or cloud storage.
4.2 Transcribing audio to text and AI text editing
Since SpeakApp AI may rely on a third party, OpenAI, L.L.C, for voice-to-text conversion, the
audio data
of voice and video messages that users choose to convert to text may be shared with OpenAI in order to obtain their transcribed versions. Similarly SpeakApp AI may rely on a third party, OpenAI, L.L.C, for text processings such as summarization or rewriting and the
text
messages that users choose to transform may be shared with OpenAI in order to obtain their processed versions. Only audio and text data may be shared for this purpose (no other data, such as the user's IP address or any information about their account is shared). According to the agreement between SpeakApp AI and OpenAI L.L.C., SpeakApp will pay for the transcriptions on behalf of its users and OpenAI will only access the audio or text data to provide a transcribed or edited version – it will only use the data to provide the service and will not use the data for any other purposes.
Your Rights and Deleting Data
5.1 Your Rights
Under applicable data protection legislation, in certain circumstances, you have rights concerning your personal data. You may at any time access, correct or erase your Personal Data by making your data access, correction or erasure request by email in section 7. To immediately delete your recordings data please refer to the next paragraph.
5.2 Deleting Data
You can delete all your recordings  (e.g., delete stored recordings) in
Settings > Data Management -> Delete all recordings
(using our mobile app).
You can delete your SpeakApp AI account under the account label in app's settings. Your email and any other related information will be deleted at this point.
If you have any additional questions regarding your data and exercising your data rights, kindly use the contact details in
section
7 below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will review and may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this page
www.speakapp.com/privacy
. Please check our website frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy, a summary of which we will set out below. By continuing to use SpeakApp AI following such modifications, you agree to be bound by such modifications.
June 25, 2024
Expanded 3. Keeping Your Personal Data Safe with data on the new features and data storage in version 1.18 and above
Expanded 4. Processing your data with information about AI service provider.
Futher Information
If you have any questions please feel free to explore our
FAQ
or contact us at info@speakapp.com
AI Voice Notes.
Speak, Transcribe, Transform.
Get SpeakApp for free
Company
FAQ
Privacy policy
Terms of  service
Cookie policy
Product
Product Updates
Otter Alternative
Free Tools
Record & Transcribe
Audio to Text
Transcribe Lectures
Transcribe WhatsApp Audio
All Free Transcription Tools
Contact
info@speakapp.com
© 2024 SpeakApp. All rights reserved.