Privacy Policy
This privacy policy generally applies to all aforementioned software applications operated under Renaissance Apps.
We'll discuss the information we collect, how we use it, and our commitment to securing it.
Effective: May 23rd, 2020.
1.0: Renaissance data collection
Renaissance may collect data relating to your name, email address, interests, location, and age to help personalize your matches. We reserve the right to use this data as we see fit.
1.1: LevelUp data collection
LevelUp may use your photos for AI image generation. We reserve the right to use your uploaded photos as we deem fit.
1.2: Stylist data collection
Stylist may use your photos for AI image generation. We reserve the right to use your uploaded photos as we deem fit.
2.0: Data sharing with other users
You share information with other users whom you are matched with. The information shared is voluntarily provided by you. You can partially adjust what is shared in your settings.
2.1: Data sharing with service providers and partners
We use third parties to help us operate and monitor our product for assurance.
2.2: Data sharing with law enforcement
Welcome to [Your App Name]! This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share your personal information when you use our mobile application ([Your App Name]) on iOS devices.
2.3: International Data Transfers
Sharing of information may involve international data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. An example of this would be video packets sent to other users so that you may video chat with them.
3.0: Residents of California and EU
If you are a California or EU resident, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. To request this notice, please submit your request to team@renaissanceapps.com.
4.0: How we protect your information
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or removal of your personal information. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures. We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us at team@renaissanceapps.com.
5.0: Children's Privacy
Our services are restricted to users based off listed age restrictions for each particular app. For apps that are restricted for 18+ usage, we do not permit use. Report underage misuse of apps at team@renaissanceapps.com.
6.0: Data retention
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. We delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account, except when:
1: we must keep it to comply with applicable law.
2: there is an outstanding issue or claim making it necessary to contain your information.
7.0: Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, reach out to team@renaissanceapps.com.
This policy was last updated on August 31st, 2023.