eaconomy™ Privacy Policy
Thank you for using eaconomy!
eaconomy ("eaconomy", "us", "we", or "our") operates
https://www.eaconomy.io
(the "Site") and the services provided as part of a subscription membership with eaconomy™ (the "Services"). When we refer to "you" or to a "customer," "member," or "subscriber," we mean any past, current or prospective customer of eaconomy™, including any visitor to our site.
This privacy statement has been created in order to demonstrate our firm and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information provided by those visiting and interacting with this website. We hold the privacy of your personal information in the highest regard. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. This privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information, in conjunction with your access to and use of our platform.
Please read this Policy to learn more about the ways in which we collect and use your information. If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will notify you in accordance with the process described in the "Revisions or Changes" section of this Policy, below. By using our Services, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Policy.
Sole Data Controller
eaconomy™ is the sole "data controller." We only have access to and/or collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other means of direct contact with you.
We will not sell, rent, lend or lease this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You will find our contact information at the end of this privacy agreement.
Information We Collect
Personal Information: This is information that you voluntarily provide when you perform one of the following actions; register with eaconomy™, fill in a form, subscribe to a newsletter, place an order, speak via phone or correspond via live chat or email with us. This information is typically but not limited to; name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, billing address and shipping information.
"Device" Information: This is aggregate information that includes but is not limited to demographic information, IP addresses, user behavior data from web interaction metrics tools and other information that does not reveal your specific identity. This information allows us to respond to your inquiries, provide you with services you have requested, keep you informed of services we think may be of interest to you, personalize your experience with the site, and other reasons.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Log Files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information and differentiate computers from one another. In some cases, cookies are used to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting the company website and which parts of the site are most popular.
This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve the website. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal information that your browser provided to us in your cookies.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
"Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you.
We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends and to understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google's practices at
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners
, and view its currently available opt-out options at.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the registration and order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any services or orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we may use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services
Account Information
As a member, you are required to create an account. You testify that the information you provide is truthful and accurate, and that you are not impersonating another person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password you may use to access your account, and you agree not to transfer your password or username, or lend or otherwise transfer your use of or access to your account, to any third party. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or username or any other breach of security related to your account. You agree that eaconomy™ is not liable, and you will hold eaconomy™ harmless, for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
Your Access to and Control Over Your Information
The personal information that we have on file for you is the same information that you have provided in your account or have submitted to us when participating in surveys, contests or requesting additional information or services. You can opt out of any of these lists using the links provided in the media or you can send an email to us with your request.
We will try and respond to your request promptly and in all cases within 30 days. To protect customer privacy and security, we reserve the right to take reasonable steps to verify a customer's identity prior to granting access to or processing changes or corrections to such information.
EU Citizens, Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the "Contact Us" section in this policy.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Children
Children are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 14) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use our services only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
Use of Testimonies and Reviews
We may select and post customer testimonials and/or reviews regarding our services, which may contain personally identifiable information such as your name and/or the city, state, or country in which you live. We will obtain your consent prior to posting any testimonial with your name. If you post such content, it will be available to other users of the services. Your posting may also become public and we cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy or the law. If you would like us to remove or delete your name or testimonial from our Services, you may contact us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy. Note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our site for a period of time.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. We disclaim any responsibility for the security of any information (including without limitation credit card and personally identifiable information personal information) that you may provide to any third party.
It is possible that some of the links on our site that go to a third party site with a service or product could result in eaconomy™ earning a commission.
Security
We use reasonable and diligent efforts to maintain accurate information on our customers, and have adopted and implemented reasonable industry standard security procedures to protect any such information collected. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Referring People
If you choose to use our referral feature to share with a friend our Services, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will use the information you provide to automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit our site. Your friend can opt out of receiving future promotional/marketing messages from us by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link found in the footer of our email messages. Your friend may also contact us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy, and request that we remove their information from our database. Treatment of your friend's information will be subject to the terms of this Policy.
EN-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks
We comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. We have certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
www.privacyshield.gov
. For full definitions of the Privacy Shield Principles, please visit
www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
Under the Privacy Shield, you have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal data. You also have the right to limit our use of your data – including the right to opt-in or out of receiving communications. To exercise any of these rights, please send an email to
legal@eaconomy.io
.
Disclosure
We may disclose personal information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires the information or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when the company has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Service or to protect the safety of other clients and the Public.
Acquisitions or Changes in Ownership
In the event that the company website (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, your information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred.
Revisions and Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date listed at the beginning of this policy and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at
support@eaconomy.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
1980 Festival Plaza Drive Summerlin South, #300
Las Vegas, NV, 89135
United States of America
Continue to Cart
Continue shopping by going back to the Eaconomy Products Store
Email
Password
Verify the security code (CVV code) found on the back of your card
Welcome to the Eaconomy
Be sure to LOG IN before you shop to see the best pricing.
                        If you are unable to LOG IN, you will need to update yours password before you shop.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
http://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
http://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.:
Skip to content
Trade Registration
Already Registered?
Log In
*First Name
*Last Name
*E-mail
*Password
Password must have:
At least
12 characters
At least
one lower case letter
At least
one upper case letter
At least
one number
At least
one special character
*Confirm Password
*Organization Type
--None--
U.S. Business
Foreign Business
Trade/Industry Association
Business Service Provider/Consultant/Lawyer
Economic Development Organization
Government
Researcher
*Organization Name
*Country
--None--
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
*Postal Code
ITA Employee?
Log In