You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Zayed International Airport (AUH) is owned and operated by Abu Dhabi Airports Company PJSC (AD AIRPORTS). Use of the words “we”, “us” and “our” shall refer to AD AIRPORTS. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy This policy (together with our Terms of Use sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us
Personal Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following personal information about you
Personal information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.zayedinternationalairport.ae (the Website). This includes, inter alia, information provided at the time of registering to use the Website, subscribing to our Newsletter or other information services, responding to our surveys and providing feedback to us via the Website. We may also ask you for personal information when you enter a competition or respond to a promotional offer, and when you report a problem with the Website.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to the Website including, but not limited to, traffic information, location information, weblogs and other communication information and the resources that you access.
Uses Made of the Information
We use personal information held about you to: (a) provide you with information that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes and (b) to notify you about changes to our products and services.
We may also use your personal information, or permit selected third parties to use your personal information, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these.
IP Addresses, Cookies and Links
We may collect standard internet log information from your computer (including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type) and details of your visit behaviour patterns. We do this by using a cookie file which records those areas of the Website that have been visited by your computer, for how long and what activity was undertaken on the Website. We do this so that we can improve the Website and deliver a better and more personalised surfing experience.
You do not have to accept cookies and can refuse them by activating the setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website.
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Storing Your Personal Information
We will keep your personal information in line with our retention policy which ensures we keep your details for no longer than is necessary. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your personal information is retained in a secure environment and that access to it is restricted on a “need to know” basis.
The Website is administered in the United Arab Emirates. By submitting your personal information in the on line forms on the Website, you agree to the transfer, storing and/or processing of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure so we cannot guarantee the security of any of your information transmitted to the Website. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of the AD AIRPORTS Group. In the majority of cases we will not disclose your personal information to others unless we have previously gained your consent. There are circumstances where we may disclose your personal information without your consent, for example, where we are required to do so by law or where the information is required to prevent or detect a crime. We may also disclose your personal information in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes at any time by contacting us at info@adairports.ae. You have the right to ask us about any personal information we hold for you, or to request that we amend any incorrect personal information we hold about you, by putting your request in writing to us at info@adairports.ae.
General
The English language version of this privacy policy shall be the defining version. Translations into any other languages shall be for convenience only and shall not be used to contradict or interpret the English language version. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to us at info@adairports.ae.