Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Terms & Condition
Last Update Date : 13 Sep 2021
Thank you for using our product
By using our apps, you have understood and accepted the terms and conditions (Terms of Use).
Basic Terms
1. You are responsible for any activity that occurs under your user account.
2. You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access this app and for any activities.
3. You must not abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other users.
4. You may not use this app for any illegal or unauthorised purpose. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
5. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, information, screen names, photos, profiles, links that you submit, post and display on our app.
6. You must not copy, create a derivative work of, nor modify another app to falsely imply that it is associated with this app.
7. You must not upload, post, email, transmit, forward, provide links to, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” ”chain letters,” ”pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation to any users.
8. You must not interfere with or disrupt app or servers or networks connected to
Noonus Ltd
. such as the transmission of worms, viruses, or any code of a destructive nature applicable local, state, national or international law.
9. You must not, in using app, intentionally or unintentionally violate any application local, state, national or international law.
Violation of any of these agreements will result in the termination of your app account. While we prohibit such conduct and content within the app, you understand and agree that
Noonus Ltd.
cannot be responsible for the content posted on its app.
SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
This subscription auto-renews at the end of each year(Yearly) or the end of each week(Weekly), Unless cancelled 24 Hours in advance. The subscription fee is charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. You may manage your subscription and turn off by going to your settings. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active period.
General Conditions
1. We reserve the right to modify or terminate our service for any reason, without notice at any time.
2.
Noonus Ltd.
reserves the right to change or modify these Terms of User at any time, in its sole discretion, by posting changes at app. Your continued use of this app will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications, what constitutes a “material change” will be determined at our sole discretion, in good faith and using common sense and reasonable judgment.
3. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reasonable judgement.
4. We may, but have no obligations to remove content and accounts containing content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening and libelous. Defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Use.
5. As a condition of your use of this app, you agree that
Noonus Ltd.
has the right, for any purpose, to retain, use and publish in an aggregate manner information collected from your use of the app.
6. We reserve the right to reclaim the usernames on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold legal claims or trademark on those.
Disclaimer
The techniques and suggestions presented in application and website are not intended to substitute for proper medical advice. Consult your physician before beginning any new exercise program. The application and website assumes no responsibility for injuries suffered while practicing these techniques.
You agree not to use this app to:
1. Upload, post, email, transmit, forward, provide links to, or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
2. Upload, post, email, transmit, forward, provide links to, store or otherwise make available any material that infringes copyrighted material or promotes the violation of intellectual property rights of others, including but not limited to trademark and patent violations;
3. Upload, post, email, transmit, forward, provide links to, store or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail”, “spam”, ”chain letters,” ”pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
4. Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to,
Noonus Ltd.
officials, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
5. Disobey any requirement, procedures or policies or regulations connected to this app;
Refund Policy
1. For in-app purchases made through the App Store, we do not have the right to issue any refunds. The only way to receive a refund for such purchases is to contact Apple.
3. Please be noted that automatic renewal of the service might occur for in-app purchases made through APP Store. In such case, refunds will not be issued. Users are responsible for cancelling future renewals at the relevant APP Store.
Copyright
All the resources including the images, videos, audios and texts are protected by the trademark and copyright. Any use of the above sources without permission is illegal. All right, title, and interest in and to this app (excluding content provided by users) are and will remain as exclusive property of this app and its licensors. The services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both China and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the App name or any of the App trademarks, logos, domain names, images, videos, audios and texts and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding this app is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it