We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
Cookie
cookieyes-consent
Duration
1 year
Description
CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on their subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information of the site visitors.
Cookie
_GRECAPTCHA
Duration
5 months 27 days
Description
This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
Cookie
PHPSESSID
Duration
session
Description
This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.
Cookie
_ga
Duration
2 years
Description
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
Cookie
_gid
Duration
1 day
Description
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
Cookie
_gat_gtag_UA_248692774_1
Duration
1 minute
Description
Set by Google to distinguish users.
Cookie
CONSENT
Duration
2 years
Description
YouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data.
Cookie
YSC
Duration
session
Description
YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages.
Cookie
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Duration
5 months 27 days
Description
A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.
Privacy Policy
PoloStores Retail
respects your privacy and comply with data protection laws. We want our customers to read the following notice, which explains your privacy rights and sets out how we, as a Data Controller, collect, use, process and disclose Personal Data relating to you and your interactions with us.
Introduction
This notice should be read in conjunction with our
Terms & Conditions
and our
Cookie Policy
.
Terms defined in the Terms & Conditions have the same meaning unless otherwise noted. Additional terms may apply to certain services or offers that we offer from time to time.
When you access, browse or otherwise use our Website, Polostores Rewards Club Application and other services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to this privacy notice in its entirety.
Personal Data we collect
Personal data means any information about a person by which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed. We may collect and process any Personal Data that you provide to us in the course of your interaction with us. You may have provided some of your Personal Data directly to us, for example, when you visited our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application, by voluntarily providing Personal Data when subscribing to email alerts or by using our online feedback or other forms. We may also receive Personal Information about you from various third parties and publicly available sources such as social media. This data may be collected or shared with our trusted third parties who operate some of these services on our behalf.
Personal Data of Children
We understand that visitors of all ages may navigate our Websites, Polostores Rewards Club Application and use other services, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16 unless we make it clear that this is what we do.
Personal Data we may collect depends on the services you use:
This includes, but is not limited to:
Identity Data: includes your name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender, but could also include audio, photos, videos and other forms of media.
Contact Data: includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data: includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data: includes the internet protocol (IP) address of your device, details of the cookies on your device, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application.
Profile Data: includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, reviews, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data: includes information about how you use our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data: includes your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third-parties and your communication preferences.
Images Data: your images or your car number plate on CCTV where you visit our premises or the premises of a store owner
and other Personal Data provided by you that is relevant to the provision of our services including our analysis of the data referred to above.
If you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with certain services or respond to any questions or requests you submit to us via our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application.
We may collect Personal Data from you when you:
Purchase products or use other services
Register an account with us
Interact with our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application and associated services
Subscribe to newsletters, advertising, alerts or other services from us
Submit reviews or complete surveys we have sent you
Engage with us via social media
Register or use our in-store WIFI (in any of our stores)
Enter our competitions, prize draws, surveys, questionnaires or promotions
Use our customer services team or contact us for any reason, like, product and services queries, complaints, website issues, phone, email and postal correspondence
Complete a form, such as for an employment purpose or for accident or incidents in stores or for other health and safety or security purposes, or to attend an event we’ve organised
Visit our locations or car parks which usually have CCTV systems operated for the safety and security of both customers and colleagues
Browse our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application
Personal Data that we may collect from other sources
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, online media channels, our retail partners and public registers. This personal data helps us to manage our relationship with you as a customer and it helps us to manage your loyalty account and the loyalty programme benefits and related administrative requirements; review and improve the accuracy of the personal data we hold; and to ensure the effectiveness of marketing communications.
If you link your Google, Facebook, Instagram or TikTok accounts or any accounts from other third-party services (like shopping research panels or public forums) to us, then we may also receive information from those accounts in accordance with applicable law and the terms of use of the third party’s services.
We work with third parties in relation to provide of services to and may receive information about you from them.
How and why, we use Personal Data
All Personal Data will be processed fairly and accurately for the purposes for which it was collected.
We will only process your Personal Data where we have a lawful purpose to do so:
To enter into or perform our contract with you in relation to your use of our Website or Polostores Rewards Club Application, provision of goods and services, to provide you with an account and for the benefits of our Loyalty program;
To provide services and products to you, to provide our websites to you, to personalise services, to improve and monitor business efficiency, to communicate with you and to respond to any queries or requests you may submit to us;
If you have given us your consent to do so, such as sending you rewards, exclusives and promotional materials that you agree to receive;
Where it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
When it is necessary for us to establish, investigate, pursue or defend legal action to which you are a party.
How long we use Personal Data
We will store your Personal Data only for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods depend on several factors:
the length of time we have an ongoing relationship and/or provide our services;
whether there is a legal reason to which we are subject;
whether we need it to protect you or us.
whether the retention is advisable considering our legal position
Please see the Contact Us section below if you wish to obtain further information concerning our retention periods.
Your Legal Rights
You have rights in relation to your Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Irish Data Protection Act 2018 which may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions.
You have the right to request access to and correction or erasure of your Personal Data, restriction of processing of your Personal Data, the right to object to processing of your Personal Data where processing is based on consent or our legitimate interests, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. We will respond to any valid requests within one month, unless it is particularly complicated.
Please be aware that we may need to verify your identity before providing any Personal Data to you. We may need to do this to protect your data. We may also ask you to provide us some additional voluntary information to help us process your request more efficiently.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us in
Contact Us
section below.
How we protect personal data
We know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access and use. We apply physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data.
As effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the complete security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. We will continue to revise policies, procedures and implement additional security features when new technologies become available. Where we have given you a password which enables you to access certain parts of our systems or sites, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We only authorise access to employees and trusted partners who need it to carry out their responsibilities. We will ask for proof of identity before we share your personal date with you.
You are responsible for keeping your personal and account data secure and not sharing it with others.
Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. Once we receive your Personal Data, we use appropriate security measures to seek to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. If we make any changes, we will post them here and update the “Last Updated” date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. However, if we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify users of the services and sites.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data please contact us:
by email:
customerservices@polostores.net
Notifications