Privacy policy
ClawMall built the ClawMall app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by ClawMall at no cost and
                        is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
                        disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                        relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and
                        improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                        in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
                        which is accessible at ClawMall unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
                        personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and
                        used as described in this privacy policy. The types of personal information collected may vary
                        depending on the activity. This "personal information" is defined as information about you that
                        can be used to contact or identify you.
Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by
                        the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
The Service will also record game play information such as your play records or game session
                        duration.
We use this information to better tailor the Service to your interests, to provide you more
                        efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed,
                        rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties
                        and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services (Analytic, Measurement and Performance)
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Facebook (Targeting & Advertising)
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Log Data (Analytic, Measurement and Performance)
Google Account
When you install the ClawMall application, we may collect and record the information you provide
                        us voluntarily through Google Account in accordance with the policies and terms of Google.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may
                        vary depending on the activity. This "personal information" is defined as information about you
                        that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include:
your name
Google account user identification number
Email address.
Additionally, we may acquire information from you through:
your access and participation in message boards on the Service
your email of a question to our customer support or
your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Facebook Account
When you install the ClawMall application, we may collect and record the information you provide
                        us voluntarily through Google Account in accordance with the policies and terms of Facebook.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may
                        vary depending on the activity. This "personal information" is defined as information about you
                        that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include:
your name
Facebook account user identification number
email address.
Additionally, we may acquire information from you through:
your access and participation in message boards on the Service
your email of a question to our customer support or
your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Data Retention
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we
                        collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This
                        Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
                        name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the
                        time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Unless you instruct us otherwise and subject to applicable laws, we retain the information we
                        collect for as long as needed to provide our services and to comply with our legal obligations,
                        resolve disputes and enforce our agreements if applicable.
Please send an email to support@ClawMall.com if you need to remove your data and account
                        information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
                        identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
                        your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code
                        and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the
                        option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your
                        device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this
                        Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
                        Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
                        are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
                        commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                        the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
                        guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
                        directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we
                        strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and
                        assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
                        sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
                        personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
                        under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
                        information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                        periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
                        Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                        us.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語