Privacy Policy
Effective Date
: September 20, 2021
mdla is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, protect and share information about you that we obtain
                when you access and use our App (defined below), including when you register for an account, post a
                question, request customer support, participate in contests or promotions, or submit questions or
                feedback. This Privacy Policy also applies to information that we obtain when you communicate or
                interact with us outside of the App, including by e-mail, telephone and otherwise.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you
                start to use our App or communicate with us outside the App. This Privacy Policy also is intended to
                explain the conditions under which MDLA uses and discloses that information, and your rights in
                relation to that information. Changes to this Privacy Policy are discussed at the end of this document.
Certain features or functionalities of our App may be available via the App. This Privacy Policy governs
                the collection and use of data about you and your use of the App. (Although, we may provide additional
                notice and choice options within the App itself.)
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the following defined terms mean:
“
App
” refers to the MDLA Runway downloadable mobile application owned and operated by MDLA.
                References to the “App” include any and all features, functionality, tools and content available on or
                through such application.
“
MDLA
,” “
we
,” or “
us
” refer to MDLA, Inc and
                our officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents. [To the extent applicable, they also refer
                to our affiliates, service providers and licensors, and their respective officers, directors, employees,
                contractors and agents.]
“
Users
” means any and all persons that access or use the App. References to “access”
                and/or “use” of the App (and any variations thereof) include the acts of accessing or browsing the App.
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR APP OR COMMUNICATING WITH US OUTSIDE OF THE APP, YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND
                CONSENTING TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH MAY BE UPDATED AND AMENDED FROM TIME
                TO TIME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR APP OR
                OTHERWISE COMMUNICATE WITH US.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We will not ask for or request sensitive information such as government identifiers, medical information,
                or financial information. Please do not provide this information to us through e-mails, feedback forms
                or in any other way unless specifically requested.
Information Generated from Use of the App
We also collect certain technical information when you access, browse and use our App, including
                information that we automatically receive and record from your browser or mobile platform on our server
                logs. This technical information helps us operate and provide our App to you, and includes standard
                information about visits and system capabilities, such as:
information about the device(s) you use to access our App, including MAC address, IP address,
                    browser type and version, your location, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions,
                    operating system and platform, device type, device and application identifiers, operating
                    information, mobile carrier, and cookies;
information about your visits to the App, including the full URL clickstream to, through, and from
                    the App, including dates and times;
information we need and use to facilitate your use of our App (including to provide access to third
                    party websites and services), such as URL requests, destination IP addresses, or device
                    configuration details;
pages you view, searches you run, length of time browsing search results, specific search results
                    you select to view, length of visits to other pages, page interaction information (such as
                    scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), your engagement with certain variable/dynamic elements of a
                    page and methods used to browse away from the page; and
page response times and download errors.
HOW INFORMATION MAY BE USED
Personally Identifiable Information
Some of the information we collect through your use of our App or communications with us may personally
                identify you (“
Personally Identifiable Information
”).
Other data derived from your use of the App is treated as "
Non-Personally Identifiable
                    Information
," unless it is combined with Personally Identifiable Information, or unless
                otherwise required by applicable law.
We may use the Personally Identifiable Information we collect, to:
create and manage your account;
provide the App to you;
operate our App, including access management, App administration, internal operations,
                    troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
send you information that enables you to use our App;
contact you about activity on your account;
provide you access to, and updates regarding the App and other related offers via text message;
respond to your requests, feedback or inquiries;
notify you about updates, information, or alerts regarding our App;
comply with laws, regulations, and other legal requirements;
comply with relevant industry standards and our policies;
protect and enforce our rights and the rights of other Users against unlawful activity, including
                    identify theft and fraud, and other violations of our Terms of Use;
protect and enforce our rights arising under any agreements entered into between you and us;
protect the integrity and maintain the security of our App, including secured areas of the App;
operate, evaluate and improve our business, including conducting surveys and market research,
                    developing new products, services, and promotions (such as, for example, special events, programs,
                    offers, contests), analyzing and enhancing existing products, services, and promotions, managing our
                    communications; performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions;
provide you with information and advertisements about products, services, and promotions, from that
                    may interest you; and
administer your participation in such products, services, and promotions.
In addition, we may use your information as described in any notice provided at the time you provide the
                information; and for any other purpose for which you may provide consent.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may also use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to:
                deliver content tailored to your interests and the manner in which you use App, and present content in a
                manner that is optimized for your device.
We may also combine technical information, or Non-Personally Identifiable Information, about your use of
                our App with information that we obtain from other Users to use in an aggregate or anonymous manner for
                similar purposes.
HOW INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED
Personally Identifiable Information
We will not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for the third
                party's own direct marketing purposes without your express consent.
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with:
our service providers to the extent reasonably necessary to enable us operate our business and
                    provide our App to you, as described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., to an e-mail service provider in
                    order to enable us to e-mail you);
a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
                    dissolution, liquidation, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going
                    concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which Personally
                    Identifiable Information held by us about our Users is among the assets transferred;
other third parties with your express consent for any purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
                    information; and
you, upon your written request.
We do not permit these third parties to use any Personally Identifiable Information we share for any
                purpose other than (i) as described in this Privacy Policy, and (ii) to comply with their own legal
                requirements.
We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information with law enforcement agencies, government
                officials, or other third parties as necessary for the purpose of:
complying with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or
                    regulatory request;
preventing fraud and providing credit risk reduction;
investigating potential unauthorized access or misuse of our App or other breach of our Terms of
                    Use, Supplemental Terms (as defined below), App Rules (as defined below) other agreements;
protecting the assets or property, and enforcing the rights of MDLA, including for billing and
                    collection purposes; and
protecting the rights, property, or safety of our Users or others.
In the event that we receive a request from a governmental entity to provide it with your Personally
                Identifiable Information, we will make reasonable attempts to notify you of such request, to the extent
                reasonably possible and legally permissible.
Notice to California Residents / Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code permits California residents to request that we not share your Personally
                Identifiable Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California
                resident, you may contact [
contact@mdla.xyz
] to request
                information regarding how we share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their
                direct marketing purposes and/or to request that such information not be shared with third parties for
                such purposes.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
In addition, we may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information, including aggregated or anonymized
                data:
with analytics, search engine, or other service providers that help us improve our App;
to report to our affiliates, licensors and service providers about the use of various aspects of the
                    App; and
with other Users or prospective Users of the App.
COOKIES AND BEACONS
We may use cookies, beacons and similar technologies, now or in the future, to support the functionality
                of our App. This provides a better experience when you visit our App and allows us to improve our App.
                Our service providers may use cookies and beacons to collect and share Non-Personally Identifiable
                Information about your activities both on our App and on other websites. In addition, third parties that
                are unaffiliated with us may also collect information about you, including tracking your browsing
                history, when you use our App. We do not have control over these third party collection practices. If
                you wish to minimize these third-party collections, and you can adjust the settings of your browsers or
                install plug-ins and add-ins.
Browser Cookies.
A browser cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your
                    computer. That cookie then communicates with servers, ours or those of other companies that we
                    authorize to collect data for us, and allows recognition of your personal computer. We do not
                    collect Personally Identifiable Information from browser cookies and we do not associate browser
                    cookies with your Personally Identifiable Information. You may use the tools available on your
                    computer or other device to set your browser to refuse or disable all or some browser cookies, or to
                    alert you when cookies are being set. However, if you refuse or disable all browser cookies, you may
                    be unable to access certain parts or use certain features or functionality of our App. Unless you
                    have adjusted your browser settings so that it refuses all cookies, we may use cookies when you
                    direct your browser to our App.
To learn more about cookies, you can visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Flash Cookies
. Certain features of our App may use local stored objects called flash
                cookies to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our App.
                The cookies do not identify you as an individual or track your online behavior. We do not collect
                Personally Identifiable Information from flash cookies and we will not associate them with your
                Personally Identifiable Information. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are
                used for browser cookies. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player
                settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse Flash cookies, please note that some parts of
                our App may be inaccessible or may not function properly.
Beacons.
Our App and e-mails may contain small electronic files known as beacons (also
                referred to as web beacons, clear GIFs, pixel tags and single-pixel GIFs) that permit us to, for
                example, count Users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other website-related
                statistics. Beacons in e-mail marketing campaigns allow us to track your responses and your interests in
                our content, offerings and web pages. You may use the tools in your device to disable these technologies
                as well.
YOUR CHOICES
We offer you certain choices in connection with the information we collect from you.
Email Communications
You may have the opportunity to receive certain communications from us related to our App. If you provide
                us with your e-mail address in order to receive communications, you can opt out of marketing e-mails at
                any time by following the instructions at the bottom of our e-mails and adjusting your e-mail
                preferences. Please note that certain e-mails may be necessary for the operation of our App. You will
                continue to receive these e-mails, if appropriate, even if you unsubscribe from our optional
                communications.
Cookies/ Beacons
If you wish to minimize information collected by cookie or beacon, you can adjust the settings of your
                browsers to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it. You
                can also set your browser to automatically reject any cookies. You may also be able to install plug-ins
                and add-ins that serve similar functions. However, please be aware that some features and services on
                our App may not work properly if we are not able to recognize and associate you with your account. In
                addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your
                interests.
Do Not Track
Some browsers support a “Do Not Track” (or, DNT) feature, a privacy preference that Users can set in
                certain web browsers, which is intended to be a signal to websites and services that you do not wish to
                be tracked across different websites or online services you visit. Our App does not currently recognize
                or respond to DNT signals, so DNT settings do not change the way the App operates.
Please note that we cannot control how third party websites or online services you visit through our App
                respond to Do Not Track signals. Check the privacy policies of those third parties for information on
                their privacy practices.
Text Alerts
You may have the opportunity to receive certain information, updates and/or offers from us via text
                communications. If you provide us with your mobile number in order to receive such communications, you
                can opt out of receiving text messages at any time by texting STOP to in response to a text from us.
Updating or Deleting Information
The accuracy of the information we have about you is very important. To review, correct or delete your
                Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us at [
contact@mdla.xyz
].
SECURING YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your information is important to MDLA, and we have established administrative,
                technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect your Personally Identifiable Information against
                unauthorized alteration, access, loss, theft, use or disclosure. Unfortunately, no system can guarantee
                complete security of your information. As a result, MDLA cannot ensure or warrant that your
                information, including your Personally Identifiable Information, is secure from unauthorized third
                parties. Thus, your use of the App and communication with us about them is at your own risk.
You are responsible for protecting your username and password(s) and for the security of information that
                you transmit to us over the internet.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with the App is no longer secure (for example, if you
                feel that the security of your username or password has been compromised), you must immediately notify
                us of the problem by contacting us.
CHILDREN
Our App is directed to and is intended to be used only by persons who are 17 years of age or older. We do
                not knowingly collect information from children under 18. If you are under 17 years of age, you are not
                permitted to register for an account or otherwise submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us,
                including your name, address or e-mail address. If we discover that we have collected any Personally
                Identifiable Information from a child under the age of 17, we will suspend the associated account and
                remove that information from our database as soon as possible. By registering for an account or
                submitting any Personally Identifiable Information to us, you represent and warrant that you are 17
                years of age or older.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our App may contain links to third party websites and services, including those of our partner networks.
                Please note that these links are provided your convenience and information, and the websites and
                services may operate independently from us and have their own privacy policies or notices, which we
                strongly suggest you review. This Privacy Policy applies to MDLA and our App only. We do not accept
                any responsibility or liability for the policies or practices of any third parties. If you chose to
                access any websites or services linked from our App, please check the applicable policies before you use
                or submit any personal data to such website or service.
INTERPRETATION
Your use of our App may be governed by our Terms of Use located within the App, the supplemental terms
                that govern certain of the features, functionality, tools, content and promotions available on or
                through the App (the "
Supplemental Terms
"), and any and all policies and rules
                referenced herein or therein, posted on the App, or otherwise communicated to our Users (the
                "
App Rules
"). In the event that the provisions of any such agreement differ from or
                conflict with the provisions of this Privacy Policy, the terms specific to that feature, functionality,
                etc. will apply.
INTERNATIONAL JURISDICTIONS
The App is hosted in the United States of America and is subject to U.S. state and federal law. If you
                are accessing our App from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your
                personal information to us in the United States, and by using our App, you consent to that transfer and
                use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You also agree to abide by the
                applicable laws of applicable states and U.S. federal law concerning your use of the App and your
                agreements with us. Any persons accessing our App from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations
                governing the use of the Internet, including personal data collection, use and disclosure, different
                from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the App in a manner lawful in their
                jurisdiction. If your use of the App would be unlawful in your jurisdiction, you may not use the App.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
MDLA may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to
                this Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page and the effective date will be stated at the top of
                this Privacy Policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that
                we have about you and your account. Users should regularly check this page for any changes to this
                Privacy Policy. MDLA will always post new versions of the Privacy Policy on the App. However, MDLA
                may, as determined in its discretion, decide to notify Users of material changes made to this Privacy
                Policy via email or otherwise. Accordingly, it is important that you always maintain and update your
                contact information.
Your continued use of the App or communication with us after the updated Privacy Policy has been posted
                (or any other indication of your consent) will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.
Please note that we may condition your continued access to our App on your consent to changes to this
                Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments relating to this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update
                information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email at
contact@mdla.xyz
.