Home
About
Blog
→
Contact
Frosty
→
Designers
who make
video games.
Nintendo Switch →
Netflix Games →
Apple Arcade  →
App Store →
Steam →
Privacy Policy for Apple Arcade
Copyright Notice
This Privacy Policy describes how Frosty Pop Games Inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses, and discloses personal information and data about our users (“you”). For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any information about an identifiable individual, such as your registration data, contact information, user data, or device data. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games available on Apple Arcade and played on your Apple devices. We will refer to all of our games available on Apple Arcade as our “Services”. In using our Services, you consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy. Personal information which you may provide to us outside of the Services, including by email or mail, is governed by a separate privacy policy. To access that policy, please click
here
. If you are unsure which privacy policy applies to you, please contact our Privacy Officer for more information.
Data Collection, Use, Disclosure and Retention
We do not collect, use, disclose or retain your personal information or data through the provision of the Services. You can use and enjoy our Services without supplying us with your personal information or data. Data resulting from your use of the Services, such as gameplay data, is sent directly to Apple through Game Centre for the sole purpose of Game Centre achievements, and syncing with your iCloud account for the purpose of saving your gameplay data. We do not collect, use or retain this data, and this data is subject to the terms, conditions, and policies between you and Apple.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Frosty Pop Games Inc. complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet. Frosty Pop Games Inc. will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under the age of 13.
Permission and Declining or Withdrawing Permission for Data
You can decline to send your data to Apple for the purposes of recording Game Center achievements and syncing with your iCloud account, or withdraw your permission at any time, by not logging into those services. If you decline to permit us to send your gameplay data to Apple, your Game Center achievements will not be recorded, and you will not be able to sync your games with your iCloud account. You will still be able to access our Services.
Children
In accordance with our policy above, we do not collect, use, disclose or retain the personal information of children under the age of 13. In the unlikely event we discover we have inadvertently collected a child’s personal information, we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our data processing practices, or to exercise data subject rights, please contact us by email or in writing at:
Frosty Pop Games Inc.
Attention: Privacy Officer
hello@frostypop.com
837 Burdett Avenue
Victoria, B.C.
V8W 1B3
Canada
Please be advised that in contacting us you will be providing us with personal information. We will only use this personal information for the purpose of responding to your inquiry in accordance with our privacy policy located
here
.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights with respect to requesting access to your personal information and data. Please contact us in the manner provided above should you wish to request access to, correct or delete your personal information, if any.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 9, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Services after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to the collection, use, disclosure of retention of personal information under this Privacy Policy, we will post prominent notification on our website:
www.frostypop.com
.