PRIVACY POLICY
Foreword
This is the privacy policy  of  Dream Plus Games Limited Co., Ltd. (Dream Plus, who owns and operates the Dream Plus websites  as well as the products, is the company that collects the listed information on  our sites. Our registered address is 6/F Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong, China. Our customer service email address is  support@mechanist.co. ) and any companies within our group (referred to  collectively as ""Dream Plus"" or  ""we""). It applies to all of our websites/services  (referred to collectively as ""our websites"") on which it  appears.
""Dream Plus Product(s)""  is used as shorthand for our online games and their follow-up versions (including  versions of IOS/Android/PC/Website). The ongoing supply of any particular Dream Plus  Product is not guaranteed.
""Personally  Identifiable Information"" is information that identifies you and can  be used to contact or locate you in real life, such as (but is not limited to)  your real full name, e-mail address, mobile telephone number, postal address or  credit card information.
We are committed to protecting  your privacy and take special measures to ensure the confidentiality of  Personally Identifiable Information collected from or about you. This privacy  policy explains how we collect, store and use such Personally Identifiable  Information.
Please read this policy  carefully. You must accept this policy in full in order to use our website or  any Dream Plus Product. If you do not agree with this policy, or any part,  please do not use our websites or any Dream Plus Product. Your using any of our  websites or Dream Plus Products is treated as an acceptance of any of the  version of this policy in effect at the time of your use.
We may change this policy at any  time, and will post any changes made on the site. Please check it whenever you  return to the site. We will treat your continued use of our websites or any Dream Plus  Product as acceptance of these changes from their effective date as shown  above.
Do not use our websites or Dream Plus  Products until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in its entirety.
If you have any question about  this privacy policy, or think Dream Plus is not abiding by its posted  privacy policy, you should contact us by e-mail at support@mechanist.co. Please  do not use our websites until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in  its entirety.
1. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
We collects personally  identifiable information when you:
i. Register to use our website,  products and/or services;
ii. Complete questionnaires;
iii. Register for contests or  giveaways;
iv. Order products and services from  us;
v. Subscribe to our newsletters  or take part in our promotions, marketing surveys and email campaigns;
vi. Request for customer support  and/or other technical services;
vii. Otherwise use our services  where personal information is required.
Also, if you access our Products  through an integrated and approved Third Party then you are allowing us access  to certain information from that Third Party. The information you allow us to  access may vary per our Product and across different Third Party platforms and  is affected by the privacy settings you have on your computer or internet  device and the choices you make with that Third Party.
2. Personally Identifiable Information we collect and store
We collect and store information  which our users voluntarily provide via forms or otherwise on our Dream Plus  Products, and in electronic or other communications with us.
You may opt-out of providing any  such information by simply choosing not to complete the form requesting the  information, and hence choosing not to use that particular service.
3. Other information we collect and store
In addition to login  information, we will automatically collect certain non-personal information  about your use of our websites, products and services. This includes:
i. IP addresses including time  and date
ii. Cookies, local flash data
iii. Statistical information  such as the browser type, operating system, redirecting URL, date, time, page  used, total time of use, frequency of use, etc.
We use Cookies, collect and store  IP-addresses, alphanumeric IDs and other unique identifiers in order to  identify specific devices that access the Dream Plus Products. We identify and  store the versions of Java and .NET (if any) on your computer along with your  browser and operating system, and details of your device's hardware and  software specifications.
For more information about  Cookies, the information they collect and how to disable them, please visit our  Cookies page.
We generate and store logs  indicating usage of the Dream Plus Products such as activity in our games and  public and private chat communications. This includes monitoring play patterns  and anti-tamper checks which verify the correct internal operation of our  software and are designed to spot abusive or inappropriate activities.
We may track your use of certain  features and areas of the Dream Plus Products to help us improve them.
We store 'game settings'  information to enable us to provide a better games service in which your  activities and achievements are remembered in the game, and we conduct polls to  find better ways of serving the needs of our users.
4. Information about you received from third parties
If you access Dream Plus's  Products through an integrated and approved third party then you are allowing Dream Plus  access to certain information from that third party. The information you allow Dream Plus  to access may vary per Dream Plus Product and across different third party  platforms and is affected by the privacy settings you have on your computer or  internet device and the choices you make with that third party.
By playing a Dream Plus Product  through a third party site or application you are authorizing Dream Plus to  collect, store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all  information that you agreed the third party could provide to Dream Plus through  that third party site or application including Personally Identifiable  Information.
5. Usage of the information provided/collected
The information we collect may  be used:
i. To provide our customer  support service, and to verify any claims or requests you make if you use our  customer support service.
ii. To enforce our terms and  conditions, and prevent or detect hacking activities, security breaches or  safety risks in connection with our websites and Dream Plus Products.
iii. To send service  announcements and messages.
iv. To aggregate information to  generate anonymous statistics regarding use of the Dream Plus Products. We may  share this anonymous information with our partners and advertisers. This is not  linked to any Personally Identifiable Information.
v. For our own internal  marketing and demographic studies and to help us improve our websites or the Dream Plus  Products or to show you adverts on our site which are relevant to your  demographic profile.
vi. In the event of an actual or  proposed (including as part of negotiations for any) merger, or business  combination or sale of substantially all of our assets or a business operation  to which such information relates, or as provided under bankruptcy or  applicable insolvency laws or by the enforcement of equitable rights.
vii. To disclose information to  the extent required by law, court order, as requested by other government,  regulatory or law enforcement authority, to protect or assist in protecting our  users, systems or the public, or to otherwise enforce legal rights as  determined in our sole and absolute discretion.
viii. If you have agreed on our  websites, to send you email newsletters about our games, including new game  features and special offers.
ix. As set out elsewhere in our  privacy policy.
We care about protecting your  privacy, and with the exception of the uses specified above or where you explicitly  consent, we will not sell, transfer, rent out, share or disclose your  Personally Identifiable Information to other companies.
6. Passing your personal information to third parties
Dream Plus may supply your  Personally Identifiable Information to external third parties who provide a  service to us (such as fulfilment of orders placed for Dream Plus Product  merchandise or to assist us in the supply of customer support) and purely for  the purpose of that service.
We partner with a number of  external payment service provider companies to enable you to make payment via a  wide range of payment options. We share your billing information with such  companies insofar as is necessary for the processing of your payment or to  prevent or detect fraud.
Your personal information may be  transferred to, stored and processed in countries outside your country of  residence both in and outside Turkey, and used for the purposes set out in  this Privacy Policy.
We're using MobTech's technology to enable phone Notifications for our products, please visit this link to learn more about their Privacy Policy.
http://www.mob.com/about/policy
You should be aware that the  data protection laws of other countries may not be the same as the data  protection laws of your country of residence. By submitting your personal  information to Dream Plus, you have agreed to the transfer, storage and  processing of your personal information as described in this section.
Please note that this privacy  policy does not apply to any of your Personally Identifiable Information which  is collected by the external payment provider companies themselves or to the  websites or services of other companies to which we link or which link to us,  or which provide goods or services to our users from their websites (such as  affiliate sites or other sites selling Dream Plus Product merchandise). Please  note that those companies (and not Dream Plus) are responsible for the  information which they collect. Please check their privacy polices where  appropriate.
We use external companies to  provide and serve advertisements or other technologies on the Dream Plus  Products (eg. to collect website statistics or to enable sharing of buttons or  widgets). These companies may use information (not including Personally  Identifiable Information) about your visits to this and other websites in order  to personalize advertisements on this site or other sites and/or to personalize  certain features on our site and/or to provide anonymized aggregated statistics  concerning use of our site or use of certain features on our site which are  shared with other sites (eg. buttons or widgets linking to our site). We do not  have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that these third  parties may use and the information practices of these advertisers and  technology companies are not covered by this policy.
Furthermore, information  collected from our users by third parties providing goods or services  (including advertisements) at or via the Dream Plus Products may be shared by  those third parties with us and stored by us for the purposes stated in this  policy.
Be very careful before making or  posting any communications whilst using Dream Plus Products. Certain information  is visible to other players of the game including: public and private chat  communications, the status of your characters and which alliance you belong to.  We may share Game Data with third parties, such as survey and data analysis  companies, to help improve the products and services we offer to all players  and improve the player experience. ""Game Data"" includes,  but is not limited to, communications posted on Dream Plus Products and player  communications. Game Data may contain Personally Identifiable Information.
If you have agreed on our  websites, we may provide your email address to our business partners so that  they can send you emails with details of goods or services which may be of  interest to you including information about special offers or promotions.
7. Safeguarding your Personally Identifiable Information
We will only collect Personally  Identifiable Information to the extent we believe it reasonably necessary to  serve our legitimate business purposes, and will protect it using the same  level of safeguards we use to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of our  own equivalent proprietary information. In addition, we will take reasonable  steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer any Personally Identifiable  Information in accordance with this policy will agree to provide sufficient  protection.
Note that while we strive to  protect all our Personally Identifiable Information, we have all heard of data  breaches in well-respected financial and governmental institutions and we  cannot ever fully guarantee that such breaches will not happen. We will inform  you of any material data breaches that we discover that may compromise your  Personally Identifiable Information.
8. Privacy Protections for Children
In order to protect the privacy  interests of younger Internet users, we do not allow children under the age  of 13 to use our services without the consent of their parents or  legal guardians. We also provide a number of provisions regarding the personally  identifiable information of children. These are that a parent/guardian has the  right to review the information the site has collected from their child, have  their child’s PII deleted from the site and also request us to stop collecting  further PII from their child in the future.
To request removal of your  child’s information, please send us an email (to the address below) and be sure  to include in your message the same user name, password, and email address that  your child submitted. If your child has used your credit card on our websites  without your permission, contact us immediately at support@mechanist.co.
9. How We Manage Your Information
You should ensure that all your personal information provided is accurate without any mistake. Dream Plus will use all reasonable endeavors to maintain the accuracy and integrity of your personal information and update it in a timely manner.
When required by applicable laws, you may (1) access the specific personal information we hold about you; (2) require us to update or correct your personal information; (3) refuse or restrict our use of your personal information; or (4) require us to delete your personal information. You may contact support@mechanist.co at any time if you need and if you submit a written request for the sake of your safety.  When you access, modify or delete any information, we may require you to authenticate to ensure the security of your account. Please understand that, due to technical limitations or statutory or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requests, but we will give a reply within a reasonable period of time. If we reasonably believe that any of your requests is deceptive, unenforceable or detrimental to the privacy of others, we may refuse your request.
You may withdraw your consent at any time when Dream Plus is processing your personal information based on your consent according to law, provided that such withdrawal will not affect the legality and effectiveness of our processing of your personal information based on your consent before withdrawal, nor will it affect our processing of your personal information based on other appropriate basis of legitimacy.
Last Updated: Dec 9th, 2022
Dream Plus
66808414-000-10-22-6
Copyright © 2013-2023 Dream Plus. All Rights Reserved