Privacy Policy
This policy is here to provide details of the data we collect from you, how we use it, and who we share it with, in order for our apps to function.
Who Are We?
We are The Juice Master Limited (referred to here as "Juice Master" or "us" or "we").
We are a company registered with Companies House in the United Kingdom, company number #04632887.
Our registered address is Thorneloe House, 25 Barbourne Road, Worcester, WR1 1RU.
We can be found online at
juicemaster.com
.
Questions about this privacy policy may be directed to us at
apps@juicemaster.com
.
Our Apps
In order for our apps to function, they may store and process data certain data from you. This includes authentication data, personal data related to the services the apps provide, and performance and analytics data.
The data may include information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Details of the types of data collected are provided on the app pages on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store.
By choosing to use these apps, you implicitly agree to the way we collect and share your data.
Use of Your Personal Data
We may use your data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our apps
including monitoring the usage of our apps.
To manage Your account
including registration and authentication of you as a user of the app.
To contact you
to send you the types of notifications and messages you have agreed to.
Things We Do Not Do
We do not collect or store any financial data.
We do not sell your data to unrelated third parties.
Third Party Data Handling
Our apps use third party services to support the functionality they provide. These third-party services have their own privacy policies and may collect information used to identify you.
Apple App Store
Google Play Services
Google Firebase
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the app. This may include information such as your device's IP address, OS, app version, the pages of the app visited, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
This data is used to help us improve the user experience of the apps, and is not used to identify you personally.
Requesting And Removing Your Data
In accordance data laws you have the right to request that we reveal the data we have about you and delete the personal data that we have collected about you.
You can do this by deleting your account from within the app. Or you may contact us to request that we update, amend or delete your data.
We will only retain any information that we are required by law to keep.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We may share your data if required by law to do so, for example in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Stop Smoking In 2 Hours
The app does not collect any identifiable from you without your consent. Authentication can be done anonymously or by using Apple or Google’s authentication services. We will not store any identifiable data unless you choose to share your email address with us.
Children's Privacy
Our apps are only intended for use by adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. We will take steps to remove any data from anyone under the age of 13 as soon as we are made aware of this.
External Links
The app may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy and agreement from time to time. Changes are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email:
apps@juicemaster.com