Cookie Policy
We use cookies to personalize content and to provide you with an improved user experience. By continuing to browse this site you consent to the use of cookies. Please visit our privacy policy for further details.
Privacy Policy
Decline
Accept
✕
Skip to main content
012938020
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Close Search
Privacy Policy
Motivation Weight Management Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online and in our clinics. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website and clinics.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website and clinics?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
In our clinics we collect personal information relating to date of birth, height, weight, specific measurements, blood pressure and Medical history.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
In our clinics, we capture most of the information at your initial assessment but we do collect information for the purposes of monitoring your progress through your weight loss programme.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
We use the information collected in-clinic to better inform our decision making in recommend the most appropriate weight loss programme, individually tailored eating plans and general weight loss advice.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
All in-clinic client data is stored in locked cabinets during times of non-use.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since every browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Third-party links
We will never offer third-party products or services on our website.
How long do we keep your data?
We keep your data for a period of two years
We have implemented the following:
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) to compile data regarding user interactions as they relate to our website.
Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioural tracking.
We collect your contact details i.e. Email address, Phone and mobile numbers in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
To send you email or text reminders about your appointments
To call you in the event of missing your appointment
Rights of Clients
Should you wish to exercise your data protection rights:
Motivation Weight Management (Motivation) will provide a copy of all client data within one month of the receipt of the request. There will be no cost associated with this request.
Please note, Motivation scrubs all client data (paper and electronic) after 24 months from date of last clinic appointment. The only exception to this rule is where the client has agreed to be emailed Motivation’s weekly e-zine, Motivate Me.
What personal data and information can a Motivation client access on request?
1. If the request is made before the 24-month cut-off rule (see above) the client will receive a copy of their clinic file and all data contained within.
2. A copy of their email record for Motivate Me; number of e-zines sent and when. Again, please note the exemption rule above.
3. These will be sent to you within 30 days of the request being made.
Does Motivation have to delete personal data if a client asks?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
gives individuals the right to ask for their data to be deleted
and Motivation has an
obligation to do so
.
As stated above, Motivation scrubs all client data (paper and electronic) after 24 months from date of last clinic appointment.
Regarding the right to be forgotten online, Motivation will scrub all client data from the scheduling and Emailing platforms that certain client data particulars may reside on.
Requests to be forgotten will be processed within 7 days of being received.
What happens if someone objects to Motivation processing their personal data?
All clients are requested to indicate whether we can use their contact data for direct marketing purposes, namely the communication of news that contains information relevant to weight loss.
We absolutely agree that all clients have the
right to object to the processing of personal data
for specific reasons.
Can clients ask to have their data transferred to another organisation?
Yes,
as long as the request falls within the 24-month time limit. (See above)
.
Client data can also be transferred between clinic systems and physical data. In the event that this is required we will make sure that the security and privacy of the data is maintained.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
info@motivation.ie
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Or email
info@motivation.ie
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
info@motivation.ie
Motivation Weight Management,
Unit 36,
Beacon Medical Hall,
Sandyford,
Dublin 18,
Ireland
Home
Online Programme
How Motivation Works
How It Works
Science Behind It
Why Motivation?
Plans & Pricing
Food Plans
Online Programme
About Us
Find a Clinic
Free Resources
Blog
BMI Calculator
Mental Weight Calculator
Podcasts
Advice
Healthy Recipes
Shop
Request a Call
Book An Assessment
Close Menu
Book An Assessment
We're Online!
How may I help you today?