Hotsource ESD  (“We” or the “Company”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the website and our App (the specific App or the “App”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. We hope that reading our Privacy Policy helps you understand how we manage information about you and the measures we take to protect it.
Except where noted, statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the specific App apply to both our web and mobile applications, and any tools or applications contained within the App. By downloading, accessing or using these applications, or providing information to us in connection with them, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, so please read on carefully.
How We Collect and Use Your Information
Personal Information
When you sign up to use the specific App, we may ask you for Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that we can use to identify or contact you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information you enter later to provide a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. We may also contact you regarding updates about our service, including relevant changes to this policy. We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties without your consent.
Health Information
As you use the resources and tools on the specific App, the Company will collect health information (such as symptoms you identify), non-personally identifiable demographic information (such as age and gender), and past medical history. We collect this information in order to provide you with more relevant health information. We will also use this information in an aggregated, anonymized format to analyze user behavior and activity on the specific App and to improve the specific App (e.g. refining our diagnostic match algorithms). In some cases, health information may be linked to your Personal Information only for your convenience to prevent repeat entry and allow you to document your usage of the App.
Non-Personal Information
In order to improve the usefulness of the specific App, our servers automatically collect information about your interactions on the App, including, without limitation, search terms, internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, and the date and time of your request.
User communication
When you send email or other communications to specific, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our services.
How We Handle Privacy and Security Internally
specific seeks to use reasonable physical, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information and health information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or data storage system is guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
Changing or Removing Your Information
If you want to update the Personal Information that you have provided to us, you may do so through the relevant forms on the App. If you would like to delete your Personal Information from our systems, you should contact us following the directions in the “Contact Us” section. We try to answer every email within 48 business hours, but may not always be able to do so.
Sharing Your Information
We only share Personal Information with other companies or individuals outside of specific Technologies, Inc. in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive Personal Information.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms and Conditions of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the Company, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. If the Company becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, the Company shall have the right to transfer your information in connection with that transaction. We will provide notice on the App in the event of such a transfer.
Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties operating any software application or website to which the specific App contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the specific App does not imply endorsement of the linked software application or website by us or by our affiliates.
Use of Application by Minors
The specific App is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personal Information through the specific App.
Changes to this Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Jurisdiction
specific is controlled by us from Canada and Singapore; accordingly, this Policy, and our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information and health information, is governed by Canadian & Singapore law, and not by the laws of any country, territory or jurisdiction other than Canada & Singapore. We do not represent or warrant that the specific App or any functionality or feature thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access or use the specific App do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. By using the specific App and submitting any Personal Information or health information, users from outside Canada acknowledge that specific is subject to Canadian law and consent to the transfer of Personal Information and health information to Canada, which may provide a different level of data security than in their country of residence, and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or have requests pertaining to your data, please contact us by e-mail at info@hotsource.net.
Please note that e-mail communications are not always secure. Please do not include health information, credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail messages to us.
Agreement
I acknowledge specific does not provide medical advice and hereby agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy dated May 15th, 2018.