Privacy policy
Introduction‌
This Privacy Policy outlines the practices of Smart Payment Solutions Private Limited (“Mony”, “we” or “us”) in relation to the storage, use, processing, and disclosure of personal data collected from individuals who access our mobile application (“Mony” or “App”) or personal data that we may have access to in relation to your use of Mony’s offerings and features (the App and all offerings and services available through the App are collectively referred to as the “Services”).
Our Commitment
At Mony, we are committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy. We understand that the security of your personal information is important, and this Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Background and Key Information
This section explains how the Policy applies to individuals who access or use the Services, and what you can expect in terms of updates to the Policy. We encourage you to review the Policy regularly, as the personal data we hold about you must be accurate and current. Additionally, this section highlights that the Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, features, services, and applications (“Third-Party Services”), and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of such third-party service providers.
Data We Collect About You
This section outlines the different types of data we collect about you, including personal data and non-personal data. We collect the following types of personal data:
To get started with Mony UPI PPI Wallet, we ask for User profile data which includes user's name, phone number, login name, email address etc.
Few demographic related details like Demographic data like gender & country of origin etc.
Other details like Geolocation data location from your mobile device if enabled by you to do so & Device details like the hardware model, IP address, operating systems, versions, software, preferred languages, serial numbers, device motion data, and mobile network data.
We primarily collect data associated with your usage of your UPI PPI Wallet, such as your Wallet transaction history, data in relation to you applying for and/or availing any services in relation to the Wallet, loads, transfers and spends made using the Mony UPI PPI Wallet, KYC data (including your Passport, Indian Visa & optionally PAN, Aadhaar data etc.,), balances, payment details, for effecting transfer of funds through various payment channels provided by us. Collectively this data will be referred to as “Wallet Data”. We will have the right to use the Wallet Data in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
In addition to the above, we may also ask you to provide certain additional information about yourself on a case-to-case basis including your live photo which may be utilised by us for the purpose of completing your KYC.
Financial Information, including your credit information and credit score.
Marketing and Communications Data, such as your address, email address, information posted in service requests, offers, wants, feedback, comments, pictures and discussions in our blog and chat boxes, responses to user surveys and polls, your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences.
Technical Data, which includes your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, details of operating system, access time, page views, device ID including IMEI number, device type, SIM profile, camera, time zone settings and locations (including latitude and longitude), operating systems, and device information, frequency of use of the App, website and mobile application activity, clicks, date and time stamps, location data, and other technology on the devices that you use to access the App.
Transaction Data, such as details of the Services you have availed and contents of SMS-based financial transactions including One Time Passwords (“OTPs”).
Usage Data, which includes information about how you use the Services, your activity on the App, user taps and clicks, user interests, time spent on the App, details about user journey on the mobile application, and page views.
How We Collect Personal Data
This section explains how we collect personal data from and about you, including through direct interactions and automated Smart Payment Solutions or interactions.
Direct interactions occur when you provide us with your personal data, such as when you create an account or profile, use our Services, or report a problem.
Automated Smart Payment Solutions or interactions occur each time you visit the App or use the Services. We collect personal data through cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, server logs, and other similar Smart Payment Solutions. We may also receive such data about you if you visit other websites or apps that employ our cookies.
Use of Your Personal Data
This section explains how we use your personal data, including to provide you with the Services, to communicate regulations.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser (if you permit it to) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us distinguish you from other users of the App, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer you a seamless user experience. We may contact third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Additionally, you may encounter cookies or other similar devices on certain parts of the App that are plMonyd by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Platform, we may collect such information within a file specific to you.
Disclosures Of Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data with third parties set out below for the purposes set out in Section 4:
Smart Payment’s affiliates; and External third parties such as trusted third parties such as our associate partners, and service providers that provide services for us or on our behalf. This includes hosting and operating our App, providing marketing assistance, conducting our business, transmitting content, and providing our Services to you; analytic service providers and advertising networks that conduct web analytics for us to help us improve the App, etc. These analytics providers may use cookies and other Smart Payment Solutions to perform their services; third parties upon your request or where you explicitly consent to such disclosure; and regulators and other bodies, as required by law or regulation.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data Retention
You agree and acknowledge that your personal data will continue to be stored and retained by us for a reasonable period after termination of your account on the App or access to the Services.
Authenticity Of Information
We have taken all reasonable steps to ensure that the information on the App is authentic.
You agree that the information and personal data you provide us with are true, correct, and accurate. We shall not be liable for any incorrect or false information or personal data that you might provide.
You may review the information and personal data that you have provided during your use of the App and choose to correct or modify such information if it is incorrect. You may do so by writing to us or our Grievance Officer at the address provided in Section 12 of this Policy.
Data Security
We implement certain security measures including encryption and firewalls to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. However, you agree and acknowledge that the above-mentioned measures do not guarantee absolute protection to the personal information and by accessing the Services, you agree to assume all risks associated with disclosure of personal information arising due to breach of firewalls and secure server software.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password or OTP that enables you to access certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or OTP confidential. We ask you not to share the password or OTP with anyone.
We will comply with the requirements under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder in the event of a data or security risk.
You agree and acknowledge that we shall not be liable for:
any information leaked due to computer virus, trojan and hacker attack;
any information divulged on account of you sharing your password, OTP or details of your registered account with others; or
any other such divulgence caused by any reason not directly/indirectly attributable to us.
Change Of Policy
We keep our Policy under regular review and may amend this Policy from time to time, subject to the services rendered.
The terms of this Policy may change and if it does, these changes will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. The new Policy may be displayed on-screen, and you shall be prompted to read and accept the updated policy if you choose to continue using our Services.
Grievance Officer
You may contact us at support@havemony.com with any enquiry relating to this Policy or an enquiry relating to your personal information (including reviewing or updating). You can also do so by writing to our Grievance Officer, appointed in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder, at the address provided below:
Name: Smart Payment Solutions Private Limited
Registered office: Nimai Tower - 412 - 415, 6th Floor udyog vihar, Phase - lV, sector - 18, Gurugaon, Haryana- 122015
Phone: +919717036599 | Grievance Officer E-mail : ankit.ahluwalia@payworldmoney.com | web: www.payworldmoney.com
Email Address: support@havemony.com
Smart Payment Solutions Private Limited Nimai Tower - 412 - 415, 6th Floor udyog vihar, Phase - lV, sector - 18, Gurugaon, Haryana- 122015
Company
Blogs
Career
FAQs
Help
Customer Support
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cancellation & Refunds Policy
© Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved by Mony