服务支持
资料下载
技术支持
首页
服务支持
技术支持
Privacy protection
2024-01-31
102
Welcome to the NFC DALI APP( hereinafter referred to as "us" or “app”), the privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information. Please read it carefully before using the app.
1.Information Collected
1.1 device information
We may collect your device information, including device model,  operating system version, UDI, etc.
1.2 NFC Data
The app needs to visit your NFC chips to control DALI drivers, we may collect and store the information related to NFC data interaction.
2.Use of Information
2.1. Provide and maintenance services: we may use the collected information to provide, maintain, and improve the app, and ensure the app's normal operation for a better user experience.
2.2 Communication: we may use your contact information to send you notifications, updates, and service information related to the app.
2.3. Analysis and Research: We may analyze the collected information to improve the performance, functionality, and content of the app.
3.Information Sharing
We won’t sell, rent, or exchange your information with third-party, but we may share your information due to the following reasons:
3.1 Third-party service provider: we may entrust third-party companies or individuals to perform services related to the app, such as data analysis, hosting services, or technical support. These third-party companies may visit your personal information, but only for fulfilling tasks.
3.2 Legal Compliance: We may disclose your information when required to do so by law or to protect our rights, property, or safety.
4.Data Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5.Children’s Privacy
The APP doesn’t provide service to children under 18 years old. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will take the necessary measures to delete the information.
6.Privacy Policy Updates
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, thus, we advice you to review this page periodically for any changes, these changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
7.Contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, or you need to visit, modify, delete, restrict the use of your personal information, please contact us:
Website: www.ricolighting.com,
Email: chenwj@ricolighting.com,.
Phone: 0086-755-82598815.
下一篇：
隐私保护
To Top