Privacy Policy
This software respects and protects the personal privacy rights of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But this software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this software will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this software service usage agreement, it is deemed that you have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this software service usage agreement.
1. Scope of application
When you use the Bluetooth service of this software, the software automatically receives and records information on your phone, including but not limited to data such as your language of use, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, and web page records of your needs;
2. Use of Information
After obtaining your data, this software will store it on your phone and not upload it to the server, so that you can better use the service.
3. Information Disclosure
a) This software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties.
b) According to relevant provisions of the law or requirements of administrative or judicial institutions, disclose to third parties or administrative or judicial institutions;
c) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or rules, you need to disclose them to a third party;
4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials collected by this software about you will be saved on this software. These information and materials are generated by Bluetooth docking with BMS and do not involve your private information.
5. Information Security
When using this software service, there will be no online transactions. If online transactions occur, they are not related to this software. Please protect your personal and privacy information properly and do not easily provide it to others. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, please contact our customer service immediately so that our software can take corresponding measures.