account_circle
Login
chat_bubble_outline
Contact
call
(888) 733-3942
platform
overview
Key Features
Mobile Event App
Event Marketing Websites
Event Registration
Integrations
Compare Us
Explore how Guidebook compares to other event management platforms.
Cvent
Eventmobi
Sched
Whova
WebEx
Guidebook Overview
How to Build An Event App
Security
Features
Engage, inform, connect, generate revenue, communicate, analyze, and much more
Support
use cases
overview
Events
Education
All Campus Events
Admissions and Enrollment
Alumni Affairs
Career Services
Housing & Residence Life
Parent & Family Programs
New Student Programs
Student Engagement
Tours
Associations
Enterprise
Guidebook 365
Features
Engage, inform, connect, generate revenue, communicate, analyze, and much more
pricing
knowledge center
learn
Blog
North_East
Case Studies
Customer Reviews
YouTube
North_East
Build
Templates
Developers & API Docs
North_East
Featured Content
EBOOK
The Ultimate Event Planning Guide
Learn More >
BLOG
How to Choose the Best Event App
Learn More >
Association Tips
Best Practices for Planning Annual Member Meetings
Learn More >
Link
search
search
Find a Guide
book a Demo
menu
Guidebook Privacy Policy
Last Modified: July 9, 2024
We at Guidebook and our affiliates are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information and data collected by Guidebook when you interact with our website and product. This includes when you:
- interact with us on our website; and
- use our Guidebook Platform.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your Personal Data for all of the above listed services (referred to as “Services”). This Privacy Policy also describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction of your Personal Data. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not use our website or product.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification. Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meaning as set forth in the Guidebook Customer Terms of Service.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or to exercise the privacy rights and choices we offer please contact us at privacy@guidebook.com.
1. What Information We Collect and Process
‍
a. Information You Provide to Guidebook
When you interact with us via our website or use the Guidebook Platform, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
‍
Account and User Information
-
We collect Personal Data when you register for a Guidebook account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize the Services. Examples of information we may collect include your name, company name, and email address.
‍
Payment Information
-
We collect payment and billing information, such as billing address, or a billing contact for your Guidebook account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
- You may also provide payment information, such as a credit card number, when purchasing products or services. We use third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
‍
End Users
-
If you enable location services on your device for a Guidebook App, we will collect information about your location when you use the Guidebook App.
- You may send messages to other End Users or connect with them, in which case we will collect records and data reflecting your interactions with the other users.
- You may be asked, but not required, to complete surveys about your use of the Services.
‍
When you Visit Our Website
-
We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our website, for example when you contact us by email, by filling out a registration form, by subscribing to a Guidebook blog, signing up for our eBook, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to the Services, or requesting customer support.
- We also collect Personal Data when you submit it through interactive features such as review forums, blogs, commenting functionality, and chat and messaging services. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced in this policy. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that any Personal Data you provide may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.
‍
Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events
We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect Personal Data from individuals who interact with or express an interest in the Guidebook products and services. If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we use this information to communicate with you.
‍
b. Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Guidebook Platform
Our Guidebook Platform allows our customers to create and share content. When customers use our Guidebook Platform, they may collect Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit, import, or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our Customer Terms of Service.
We do not control the content of our customers’ apps or the types of Personal Data that our customers may choose to collect or manage using the Guidebook Platform. We store our customers’ information on our service providers’ servers but process it as a processor under our customers’ instructions and in accordance with our Customer Terms of Service, which prohibit us from using the information except as necessary to provide and improve the Guidebook Platform and as required by law.
Our customers control and are responsible for correcting, deleting or updating the information they process using the Guidebook Platform and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to Guidebook for processing purposes.
c. Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Guidebook Platform
‍
Usage Data
We collect usage data when you or your users in your Guidebook account interact with the Guidebook Platform. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Guidebook Platform such as what product features you use the most, when an object is opened and closed, and how often certain features are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see Section 3 "How We Share Personal Data."
‍
Mobile
‍
When you access or use the Guidebook Platform via our mobile application, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
Log Files
Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our website or use our product and services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, the files viewed on our website (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), your International Mobile Equipment Identity Number (IMEI), MAC address, your mobile carrier, operating system, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), your Internet service provider (ISP), pages that you visit before, during, and after using Guidebook Platform, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Guidebook Platform.
2. How We Use Personal Data
‍
a. To Communicate with You About the Product and Services
We use the account information you provide to Guidebook when signing up for the Services to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters. We may also send you updates regarding our Customer Terms of Service or other legal agreements, and may also communicate with you about security incidents via email.
We use your information to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the Guidebook mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
b. To Provide the Guidebook Platform
We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the Guidebook Platform to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
c. To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services
We collect usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services. We use this data to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers.
d. To Secure and Protect our Product and Customers and End Users
We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the website by you, including how you use our website, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we do link this automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
e. To Market and Promote the Guidebook Platform
We use the information you provide to Guidebook to market and promote the products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use the information, like your email, to send information which we think may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by contacting us at privacy@guidebook.com. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We receive information from third party service providers and other sources such as third party providers of business information and publicly available sources. We may receive and use this information from these service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, like personalized communications, event promotion, and tailoring the website or product to improve user experience.
f. Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent
We share your data with third parties when you give us consent to do so.
g. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only)
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3. How We Share Personal Data
a. Service Providers
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our website, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, marketing, sales support, and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Guidebook Platform or interactions on our website, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
b. Partners
We may share data with trusted Guidebook partners to help us perform statistical analysis, engage in co-marketing, or provide sales support. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
c. Corporate Events
If we are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Guidebook on the website and the Guidebook Platform. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
d. Public Forums
Our website and Guidebook Platform may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses the website, products and services. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the website if you so request, as described in Section 7 "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" below.
e. Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Guidebook Platform, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the Customer Terms of Service for more information.
4. How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA and UK.
5. How We Store and Secure Personal Data
a.
Data Storage and Security
‍
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.
b. Retention of Personal Data
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the section "Privacy Rights and Choices" below.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your Guidebook account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data our customers process in connection with the Guidebook Platform is retained according to the Guidebook Customer Terms of Service and Customer Data Processing Agreement.
6. Cookies Policy
When you visit our website, sign up for a Guidebook account, or request more information about Guidebook, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels.
Guidebook and our partners use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
‍
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information.
Cookies provide a convenience feature to save you time, or tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Guidebook) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies".  Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
‍
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our website to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website and Services.  For example, Guidebook keeps track of the website and pages you visit within Guidebook, in order to determine what portion of the website or service is the most popular or most used. This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions within the website and Services to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Third parties serve cookies through our website for advertising, analytics and other purposes.  This is described in more detail below.
‍
What types of cookies do we use and how do we use them?
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our website and the purposes they perform include:
- Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website.
‍
- Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
‍
- Analytics and customization cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website for you.
- Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.
- Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our website through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
‍
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided below.
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.  If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com. You may opt out by clicking here: http://optout.aboutads.info/ or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/  (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Essential website cookies: Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website to you, you cannot refuse them. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described above.
7. Your Privacy Rights and Choices
a. Personal Data Requests
You have the following data protection rights:
-
Access, Correction or Deletion
. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
-
Objection
. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
-
Withdraw Consent
. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
-
Complaint
. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.
We do not sell personal information.
To exercise any of these rights contact us at privacy@guidebook.com or through mail at: Guidebook, Inc.
Attn: Security Department
584 Castro St #2128
San Francisco, CA 94114
Please note that to protect personal information, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a Guidebook customer that uses our Guidebook Platform and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. Guidebook acts as a processor for our customers and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
b. To Unsubscribe from our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through one of the following methods:
- by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
- by contacting us at privacy@guidebook.com.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or the Guidebook Platform.
8. California Privacy Rights
a. Applicability
This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents. The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") requires businesses to disclose whether they sell Personal Information. Guidebook is a business, and does not sell Personal Information. We may share Personal Information with authorized service providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Information.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
b. How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information
We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
- Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
- Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
- Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
‍
- Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
- Financial information, such as payment information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
- Inferences.
- Other Personal Information, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Guidebook Platform.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in Section 5 of this Privacy Policy.
c. Your California Rights
You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law.
The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we have collected, used and disclosed about you in the past 12 months.
The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Information collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
Guidebook does not sell or share Personal Information to third parties (pursuant to California Civil Code §§ 1798.100–1798.199, also known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018).
d. How To Exercise Your California RightsYou can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Information, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Information.
Please use the contact details below, or see Section 7 "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" above, if you would like to:
- Access this policy in an alternative format;
- Exercise your rights;
- Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
- Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
‍
9. Other Important Privacy Information
a. We Never Sell Personal Data
We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party.
b. Information About Children
The website, product and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us here, so that we may delete the information.
Our commitment to mobile apps
Our mission is to make it simple to create and manage mobile apps. Over a hundred thousand organizations have used Guidebook to power their mobile experiences. While we’ve had a lot of success powering
conference apps
,
corporate meeting apps
, and
university campus apps
, our platform has been used for thousands of different use cases. Forward-thinking professionals are using Guidebook’s simple app builder to make interactive mobile guides for their
student orientations
,
college campus tours
,
venues
,
corporate campuses
, parks, and airports. Start
going green
with iPhone and Android apps built by the
best event app company
in the industry.
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, tailor content, and serve personalized advertisements. We may sync some of the cookies we use with your personal information. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking “Cookie Settings”. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
See our Cookie Policy.
Manage Settings
Reject
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
ALLOW ALL
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label