Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines the practices and procedures followed by Utku. Your use of this SERVICE is entirely free and is intended for your convenience as provided.
Information Disclosure
This page's primary purpose is to ensure that you are informed about how we manage, utilize, and disclose Personal Information if you choose to make use of our Service. By deciding to utilize our Service, you are signifying your agreement to the collection and usage of your data according to this policy. Be assured that we will not share or utilize your information in any way other than what is explicitly stated in this Privacy Policy.
The terms mentioned in this Privacy Policy carry the same meanings as those in our Terms and Conditions, which can be accessed at Truth or Dare, unless a distinct definition is provided in this Privacy Policy.
Data Collection and Usage
To enhance your experience while using our Service, we may request certain personally identifiable information. Any information you provide will be securely retained and used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Logging Data
When you access our Service and encounter an error in the app, we collect data and information (via third-party products) on your device known as Log Data. This Log Data may include your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, app configuration when using our Service, the timestamp of your use of the Service, and other statistical information.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files often used as anonymous, unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored in your device's internal memory. While this Service does not explicitly use "cookies," it may incorporate third-party code and libraries that utilize cookies to gather data and enhance their services. You have the choice to accept or decline these cookies and receive notifications when a cookie is sent to your device. If you opt to decline our cookies, you may not be able to access certain sections of this Service.
Service Providers
We may engage third-party companies and individuals for the following purposes:
To facilitate our Service.
To deliver the Service on our behalf.
To provide services related to our Service.
To help us analyze how our Service is used.
Please note that users of this Service should be aware that these third parties have access to their Personal Information solely for executing tasks assigned to them on our behalf. They are, however, obligated not to disclose or use this information for any other purpose.
Security
We deeply appreciate the trust you place in us by sharing your Personal Information, and we are committed to implementing commercially accepted security measures to protect it. However, it is important to recognize that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing information electronically can guarantee absolute security.
Links to External Sites
This Service may include links to external websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please keep in mind that these external sites are not operated by us. Hence, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Privacy of Minors
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We urge all children to refrain from submitting any personally identifiable information via the Application and/or Services. Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to monitor their children's online activities and enforce this Policy by instructing their children not to provide personally identifiable information via the Application and/or Services without permission. Additionally, individuals must be at least 16 years of age to provide consent for the processing of their personally identifiable information in their country (in some countries, this permission may be granted by a parent or guardian).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may undergo updates from time to time. We recommend that you periodically review this page for any modifications. We will inform you of any changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this page.
Effective Date
This policy is effective as of 2023-08-12.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions concerning our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at dev@utkuappsdev.com