Last Updated June 1st, 2021
General Information
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your use of the following websites and applications:
https://www.fut.gg/
https://www.mut.gg/
https://www.fifaindex.com/
We refer to these websites and applications together as “Services.” By using the Services, you acknowledge, agree, and consent to the data and collection practices described in this Privacy Policy by Stormstrike Inc. (“Company”). Read this agreement carefully before using the Services.
1. Information Collected
a. Personal Information
To provide users of the Services (“Users”) with the best possible experience, Company may collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”), including, but not limited to, your email address, and geo location, as well as your basic Twitch, Microsoft, Steam, Google, or Battle.net profile, as detailed herein.
Notwithstanding Company’s automated collection of information, as discussed herein, Company does not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it. However, you may be required to provide certain Personal Information to us when you elect to use the Services. Such uses may include but are not limited to registering for an account (“Account”).
b. Information that is Automatically Collected
When you access the Services, we may automatically record and store certain information about your technology and system by using cookies and/or other types of technology. Examples of such information collected via cookies includes, but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile device (“Device”) and browser type identifiers, software and system type, and information about your use of the Services, including the duration of time you access or use the Services and information about Services performance analytics, including crashing, network, and tracing. Company also collects certain analytical information via Google analytics, Nielsen, and, Comscore. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for each of these services at:
Google
Comscore
Nielsen
c. Third Party Provided Information
Company may obtain certain information or Personal Information about you from third parties, including certain social networks such as Twitch, Microsoft, Steam, Google, or Battle.net profile for which you have approved Company’ access, as well as Stripe and our other third party payment processors. When you access Services, through third parties, you are authorizing Company to collect, store, and use such Personal Information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Such Personal Information may include your social network user name, and the fact that your connection to the social network originated from Company. IF YOU DO NOT WANT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect Company from your third-party account at any time. You may also contact us, via the Contact Information herein, to terminate your account, which would in turn disconnect accounts from third-party websites.
d. Geo-Location
Company may collect your geo-location via Cloudflare, to be used in connection with ad displays.
f. User Generated Content
In light of the social nature of the Services, certain User actions in which you participate may be collected and stored by Company and may be broadcast or shared publicly, and subsequently used or shared by Company or other Users. Such actions include but are not limited to posting materials, images, information, guides, builds, or other content that you post to or via the Services (collectively “User Generated Content”). By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you hereby consent to Company’s use of such User Generated Content for any reason in connection with the Services, including the sharing of such User Generated Content on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or any other social media (“Social Media”) throughout the universe now known or hereafter devised.
2. Information From Children
IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.Company does not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from persons under 13 years of age. If Company learns that Personal Information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through the Services, Company will take the necessary and appropriate steps to delete the Personal Information.
3. How Company Uses Your Personal Information
Company collects and uses the Personal Information and other information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy to provide, maintain, enhance, and develop the Services and will only use such Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you provide Personal Information for a certain reason, Company will use that Personal Information in connection with the reason it was provided. For example, Company will use your email address to create your Account and for notification purposes. Such notifications include, but are not limited to, notifying you of updates to the Services, notifications for customer service purposes, or to otherwise contact you for any reason in connection with your use of the Services or in the event that you contact Company.
Company may also use your Personal Information and other information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the following purposes:
Identify your Account;
Resolving disputes;
Preventing potentially fraudulent, prohibited, or illegal activities;
Enforcing the Terms of Service;
Comparing information for accuracy; and
Performing other duties as required by law.
4.How Company Shares Information With Third Parties
Company may share your information, including your Account username and any User Generated Content with other users.
Company does not sell, lease, or otherwise transfer your information to third parties for profit. However, there are certain circumstances in which we may transfer your information to third-parties, without further notice to you, as set forth herein.
Company may disclose your personal information to its owners, employees, and third-party contractors for the purpose of understanding User behavior and using such information to improve the Services.
Company may disclose your Personal Information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Company; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal or economic safety of users of Company, or the public.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company may disclose your Personal Information to other third-parties with your consent and direction to do so. When you broadcast information to third-party services, such information is no longer under the control of Company and is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of such third parties.
Company may also share your information for the following reasons:
a. With Twitch, Battle.net, Microsoft, Steam, Google, and other Social Networking Services
You can connect your Account to your Twitch, Microsoft, Steam, Google, or Battle.net profile or other social networking services (collectively “Social Network”). In that event, Company may share your Personal Information with such Social Networking Services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, when you “Like” or “Follow” the Services on Social Networks, we may collect some information from you including your name, email address, and any comments or content you post relevant to us. We likewise may collect your information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.
The Services may contain links to Social Networks, including, without limitation, the Facebook “Like” or “Share” button or other social plug-ins. When you interact with these features and links, your browser will establish a direct link with the applicable Social Network servers, and it will receive information about your browser and activity, and may link it to your Facebook user account. For more information about how Facebook uses data, please see Facebook’s own policies.
5. Cookies and Do Not Track Signals
Company uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about your technology. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your computer or device from a web server and stored thereon. Generally, Company uses cookies to collect additional service usage data, to improve the Services, and to personalize your experience. Using cookies helps ensure a safe experience; prevent spam, scammers, and phishing; and facilitate user-to-user interactions, such as chatting, posting and sharing content, and providing links to third-party services. However, Company does not share cookies with third parties, unless otherwise described herein.
Company may keep track of User behavior, within the Services to understand said behavior. This data is used to enhance the Services.
Company will not follow any browser, extension, or other application’s Do Not Track signal or any other similar anti-tracking signals. However, we offer other choices with respect to third parties. Many third parties participate in self-regulation to offer you a choice regarding receiving targeted ads. Please note that you’ll still see generic ads after opting out, but they won’t be based on your activities online. On the web, you can opt out of participating companies by visiting the following sites:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
http://optout.aboutads.info/
If you wish to similarly opt out of cross-app advertising on mobile devices, you can enable the Limit Ad Tracking flag on the device. Enabling Limit Ad Tracking sends a flag to third parties that you wish to opt out of targeted advertising on that device, and major mobile platforms require companies to honor this flag. Screenshots on how to find these options on various devices are available here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
6. Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Raptive will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Raptive’s data usage, click here:
https://raptive.com/creator-advertising-privacy-statement/
7. Third-Party Links
The Services may contain links to other third-party websites, which displays third-party advertisements. Company is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party websites, applications, or software. We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave the Services and to read the privacy statements of any other site or application that collects personally identifiable information.
8. Security of your Personal Information
Company will take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any mobile or wireless network is 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you agree and acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet and wireless and mobile networks which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and Company cannot be guaranteed.
Company recommends that you do your part in protecting your Personal Information. This includes guarding against unauthorized access to your Account, if applicable, by ensuring no one else uses your device or computer when you are logged in, by logging off from the Services when they are not in use, by keeping your password and other Personal Information confidential, and by taking precautionary steps to guard the physical safety and security of your device or computer.
9. How Long Will Your Information Be Stored
Company will store your Personal Information for as long as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
10. Access and Interaction with Your Personal Information
If you are a user in the EEA, you have the right to access your Personal Information, and to receive information about our use of the same. You can also ask us to correct, update, or delete any accurate Personal Information we have about you. You understand that Users to whom you have provided such Personal Information may retain such Personal Information, in its original form, if your request to update, correct, or delete your Personal Information was transmitted to Company after you transmitted the Personal Information to the User.
To access, delete, or correct your Personal Information, contact us at
admin@stormstrike.gg
.
11. Choice
If you wish to cancel your Account, you can do so by accessing our platform or contacting us for assistance with the process. Our email is included at the end of the privacy policy.
12. Email Communications
From time to time, Company may contact you via email for the purpose of providing general communication regarding the Services. To improve the Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Company or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving such communications via email from Company, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button and/or by emailing us at
admin@stormstrike.gg
.
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Company reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time in Company’s sole discretion. We will provide you with notice of such a change. Notice of any changes to the Privacy Policy will be accomplished upon Company sending you an email to the address listed in your Account notifying you of such changes and/or Company announcing such changes through the Services. Such changes will go into effect immediately upon your access of the Services after you are given notice, as described herein. Your continued use of the Services following notice of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Any information collected by the Services will be dealt with in accordance with the version of this Privacy Policy that was in place at the time of collection.
14. Merger or Sale
The information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal Information, is considered an asset of Company. In the event Company or some or all of the assets related to the Services are acquired by another entity through a sale, merger, or some other change of ownership transaction, Company reserves the right to transfer or assign the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, in that event.
15. Users Based in EEA, Switzerland, and UK
a. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the EEA, Company’s legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Company may process your Personal Information or other personal information because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
b. Retention of Personal Information
Company will retain your Personal Information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Company may also retain device identifiable information (DII), such as usage data for internal analysis purposes. DII is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality.
c. Your Data Protection Rights Under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have certain data protection rights. Company aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Company relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Contact Information for Data Controller
Company welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that Company has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, or if you have any other questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please contact
admin@stormstrike.gg
.
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is June 1, 2021.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://raptive.com/creator-advertising-privacy-statement/:
Warning!
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Raptive Advertising Privacy Statement
CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) has an affiliate agreement with the website from which you linked (the “Site”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. This Advertising Privacy Statement explains how Raptive uses your data and supersedes any other language on the Site (if any) with respect to the data privacy practices of Raptive.
We Collect Personal Data for Online Advertising
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, Raptive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on the site from which you linked and on other websites across the Internet using data available from your web browser, including cookies. We may also combine some of this information with information we obtain from third parties in order to create anonymous profiles. These profiles enable us and our partners to include you in audience segments, i.e., groups of users with similar interests. This audience data does not directly identify you. We share audience information with ad buyers and their technology partners via an automated bidding process operated by third parties that allows ad buyers to bid for the opportunity to display advertisements on the Site that you may find more relevant and accurate.
How We Collect Personal Data
Raptive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, which allow us to collect data like your IP Address (a unique address that identifies your device), geolocation, web browser type, device information, and operating system. By using the Site from which you linked, you consent to the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, and the sharing of data captured by such technologies with Raptive, Google, and our site’s other third party partners.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain directly-identifying information like your name or phone number, but other personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
If you have provided your email address to the Site, such as when registering for a newsletter or promotion, the Site may share your email address with us. Sometimes we may provide certain functions to the Site so that we can collect your email address (with your knowledge) directly for both the Site and us. We will “hash” or de-identify your email address in order to create pseudonymous advertising profiles reflecting your interests, as further described below. Similarly, if you have provided your phone number or other identifying information to the Site or one of our partners described below, and that information is provided to us, that information is then “hashed” or de-identified before being used to create an advertising profile.
We use pseudonymized information such as your hashed identifiers, and share the pseudonymized information with our advertising partners, to enhance the information shared by your web browser software for the purpose of building advertising profiles as described above. An advertising profile could include information such as the Site content you have viewed and other interests, your other online activities, demographic data about you, and your interactions with advertisements on the Site. Raptive’s advertising partners and their activities are further described below in “Third Party Partnerships.”
Managing or Opting Out of the Use of Your Data
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. To opt out of sharing information collected from your web browser for advertising purposes, you can use
DAA WebChoice Tool
, available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Google Chrome. The Google Chrome browser notes your topics of interest based on the sites you browse and how often you visit them. Sites can also store info with Chrome about your interests. If you use Google Chrome, we may collect some information on your browsing history and share it with our partner companies. For more information and how to opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/13355898?hl=en&sjid=4513061944593762279-NA#
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by Raptive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
European Union Representative
consentmanager ab
Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden,
www.consentmanager.net
Mail:
support@consentmanager.net
Right to Opt Out of “Sales” of Personal Information in Some US States
Certain state laws – for example, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia– give residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under these laws, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of the site from which you linked. If the site from which you linked does not have a footer, you can find the opt out link provided on the privacy policy page from which you linked. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. To be clear, we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
Third Party Partnerships
On behalf of the site from which you linked, Raptive partners with certain technology services providers. Below you can read detailed information about the privacy policies of these technology companies, and choose to opt-out of their advertising related capabilities.
Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences. When you use the Site, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form) with our partner/service provider, Amazon Publisher Service – Publisher Audiences. We may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses with Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences, which uses that information to create a link between your hashed email and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in-app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. To opt out of this use, please head here:
https://youradchoices.com/
For Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Policy please head here:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Criteo. We share hashed emails with our partner Criteo for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Criteo hashed email targeting here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Fabrick. We share pseudonymized information, including a hashed version of information that we collect from you directly (such as email or phone number), third party IDs (such as mobile advertising IDs or other IDs assigned by third parties), IP addresses, and/or information about your browser or operating system with Neustar Information Services . Neustar Information Services and its affiliated companies (NIS) may match this pseudonymized information with information in their data repositories and issue another pseudonymous ID, which is changed on a weekly basis, for our use in connection with real-time bidding for digital advertising. NIS and other third parties may also link demographic or interest based information to your browser via Cookies. To opt out of the use of this data by NIS for this purpose, click here:
Neustar Privacy Choices
or use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out link provided above.
Flashtalking. We may choose to share and/or utilize information with our partner Flashtalking for the purposes of internet based advertising. You may learn more about how Flashtalking operates and choose to opt-out of Flashtalking here:
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
.
ID5. We may choose to share information with our partner ID5 for the purposes of ad targeting. You may learn more about how ID5 operates and choose to opt-out of ID5 data collection here:
https://id5.io/platfo
LiveIntent. We may provide your hashed email address to our partner LiveIntent, which may match it with other data associated with email address collected by LiveIntent in order to help us create a more accurate advertising profile. You can learn more about how LiveIntent operates, and choose to opt out of LiveIntent’s use of your data for online advertising, here:
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
LiveRamp. When you use our Publisher network’s websites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), they may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that they collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). Acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that Publishers may store in their first-party cookie for use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Optable. We use Optable for data management and storage, including your personal information. Optable is processor working on our behalf and does not further share your data without our permission. Optable is a platform we use to build “clean rooms” to facilitate Rapitve’s integration with other third-party partners that provide us with additional data that we could include in building audience segments.
Slickstream. The site you visited may include search functionality that we provide called Slickstream. To learn more about Slickstream, you can visit
Slickstream.com
. We provide the Slickstream service to other publishers in addition to those with which we have an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes. Slickstream collects data regarding the pages you have visited within the site, to provide you with search results and content recommendations, among other things. In addition, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your email address and other personal information as part of your use of the Slickstream search functionality. We use the data collected via Slickstream to provide the Slickstream service. If the Site from which you linked has an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes, we will also use that information in connection with advertising as provided above. You can opt out of our use of your information for such purposes by following the links referenced above, or by contacting us at
optout@raptive.com
.
The Trade Desk. We may choose to share an encrypted, unique identifier, based on your email address and/or other personal information, with our partner The Trade Desk. This identifier, called UID 2.0, is used to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes. Detailed information on The Trade Desk is available at:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy
You can choose to opt out of UID 2.0 by visiting the Transparency and Control Portal at:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
Verizon. We share hashed emails with our partner Verizon for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Verizon hashed email targeting here:
https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/