Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 2023/09/01
1. Data Controller and Representative
Introduction
Welcome to Pixpic (
APP
).
This Privacy Policy is delivered by
GIYASTAR LIMITED
(
we
,
us
,
our
or
Wondershare
), the developer and owner of Pixpic. The end user (
You
,
Your
, or
the User
) who download, install, register with, access, or use (Use or Using) this APP should carefully read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of our APP and anywhere we display or reference this policy. Through our APP, we implement the processing of Personal Data that can be used to identify you (Personal Data) listed below. We are committed to protecting your Personal Data. We understand that the security of your Personal Data is important. We provide reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your Personal Data. We will only collect and use Personal Data from you as described in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell your data to any third parties without your expressed consent.
Please note that your use of our APP is also governed by our
End User License Agreement (EULA)
, you should comply with the EULA during your using of this APP.
If you do not want us to collect and process your Personal Data, please do not use this APP.
1.Definition of Personal Data
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an identifiable natural person can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Depending on how you interact with us, we process different kinds of data in different ways. Some data is automatically processed if you visit our website or use our APP. Other data is only processed if you actively submit it to us (like using our web forms to get in touch with us or uploading content to our website).
2.Personal Data We Collect
(1)The Personal Data we collect falls into two categories “voluntarily provided” and “automatically collected” as follows:
A.“Voluntarily provided” refers to any data that you consciously and actively provide to us when using our APP and affiliated services. We will ask for your consent before collecting your Personal Data; "Voluntary" allows you to choose whether or not to provide such data.
B.“Automatically collected” refers to the data automatically transmitted by your device when you visit our APP and related services. This automatically collected Personal Data is essential for us to provide the App Services, and we will collect this Personal Data to the minimum extent necessary to do so.
(2)ersonal Data we collect based on different functions:
A.When uploading your avatar, photos, or saving your work to your device, we must access your hardware device's camera, library/album, and memory card modifications to collect the photo data you wish to upload or save. If you do not grant us permission to obtain such Personal Data, you will not be able to use these services.
B.When using the creation function, the content you enter and the corresponding generated content will be stored on our servers for 30 days. You can delete such content at any time. Please note that after 30 days, we will no longer store your User Generated Content as it will be automatically deleted from our servers.
(3)Types of Personal Data We Collect
A.Log data
When accessing our servers through our APP, we may automatically record standard data provided by your device. This may include your device's IP address, device type, and version, activity, time and date in the APP, and other usage details. In addition, when an error is encountered during the use of the APP, data about the error and the surrounding situation is automatically collected. This data may include technical details about the device, actions taken when the error occurred, and other technical information related to the issue. You may or may not be notified of such errors, their occurrence, or their nature. 
            Although this information itself may not identify an individual, combining it with other data may identify an individual.
B.Personal Data
We may ask for Personal Data when using App features, which may require a login, which may include third-party Apple or Google profiles
            When contacting us, this may include one or more of the following:
a.email
b.Your log data (for debugging purposes)
C.User Accounts
To use the App, please register your account through a third-party account (e.g., Apple, Google), collectively referred to as the "Internet Platform". When you register for an account using the Connected Platform, you agree to grant us certain permissions to receive data and Personal Data collected by the Connected Platform, which may vary from Platform to Connected Platform. We collect the data necessary to verify your registration and ensure safe and secure use of the application. The privacy policy of the Internet Platform also governs any Personal Data shared with it. Please note that public events, screen names, IDs, images, or photos may be public and no longer confidential.
D.User-Generated Content
"User Generated Content" means material (text, images) voluntarily submitted or created by the User. All user-generated content is associated with the account used for the submission.
E.Payment Data
Purchase transactions are made through the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Take a closer look at their payment terms, terms of service, privacy policy, and other relevant terms. We do not collect your payment Personal Data directly.
F.Device Information
We may collect Personal Data about your mobile device and internet connection, including your device's unique identifier, operating system, browser type, and mobile network Personal Data.
3.How We Collect Your Personal Data
When you use Pixpic, Pixpic may use SDKs and similar technologies to collect or receive certain personal data about you and/or your use of Pixpic. Thereceived images will be directly uploaded to Pixpic's own servers for deep learning and training purposes, while the collection of user behavior throughSDKs involves saving some user actions locally through event tracking and then uploading them to the corresponding servers via SDK interfaces (excludingfacial data). This personal data may be used to provide content, advertisements, or features, or to measure and analyze the effectiveness of advertisementson Pixpic or other websites or platforms. To avoid any ambiguity, we will not use image data for advertising purposes.
            Available for users in the EuropeanEconomic Area, the United Kingdom, and the United States. You can click "Send a request to customer_service@wondershare.com to choose different SDKsand other tracking technologies to process personal data.
Please note that if you refuse SDKs or similar tracking technologies, certain parts of theapplication may not function properly, and disabling SDKs or similar tracking technologies may prevent you from accessing certain content.
4.Purposes and Legal Basis for Collecting and Processing Personal Data
(1)When processing your Personal Data, we usually rely on your consent. We collect, use and process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
A.To fulfill any other purpose you provide, and to obtain services provided by the Application.
B.Perform our obligations and entitle you to any rights (including billing and collection) arising from any contract entered into between you and us.
C.We may notify you when App updates become available and changes to any products or services we offer or offer through the App.
D.We may send you Personal Data about surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, newsletters, or other communications.
(2)The usage and device Personal Data we collect helps us improve our Services and provide a better experience, enabling us to:
A.Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
B.Identify youself when using the Application.
C.Optimize and upgrade the APP to enhance the smooth use of the APP.
(3)Please note that even if we take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data, no system or network is risk-free. We will do our best to protect your Personal Data in the event of unforeseen events, including but not limited to server damage caused by phishing, viruses, identity theft, other cyber attacks, war or other uncontrollable events, but we will not be liable for any risks, losses, or damages caused, related to or caused by such unforeseen events. After such unpredictable events occur, we will promptly and reasonably inform you of the basic situation, potential impact, and remedial measures we take in response to the event. If a regulator creates further reporting obligations under applicable law, we will comply with them.
(4)However, under some circumstances, we may process your Personal Data without getting your prior consent, such circumstances may include:
A.processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you(the data subject) are a party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract;
B.processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
C.processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person;
D.processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
E.processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of Personal Data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
(5)If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
(6)If we decide to change the aforementioned purposes, we will notify you before using your Personal Data for the newly established purposes and ask for your separate consent where required by applicable law.
5.Data Retention
The original photos you upload for generation will be stored on our servers for 24 hours. This is necessary so that you can edit your photos more fluidly. Moreover, this method helps reduce your internet traffic and speed up the processing of art style photos. The content you generate will be stored on our servers for 30 days. You can delete this Personal Data at any time. Please note that after 30 days, we will no longer store your User Generated Content as it will be automatically deleted from our servers.
6.Your Rights
(1)You have the right to access your personal data and data portability. This means that you have the right to request that the application obtain your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
(2)You have the right to request that the App correct your personal data. This means that you can request the correction of all inaccurate personal data concerning you. If required, you can also complete your personal data.
(3)Withdraw Your Consent. You may withdraw your consent to our collection and processing of your personal data at any time by contacting us via customer_service@wondershare.com, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out before the withdrawal. Upon receipt of your withdrawal request, we will process it promptly and will no longer process your personal data unless otherwise required by law.
(4)You can share your work using the App to showcase them on social media networks and other websites. We have no control over the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your creations. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your work will not be viewed by unauthorized persons, and we have no control or responsibility over how others use your work once you publish or otherwise transmit it. Therefore, you assume the risk that your work will be published and transmitted to others.
(5)You have the right to request to delete your Personal Data, you can:
A.Find and delete specific Personal Data. We have provided you with some tools that you can use to remove certain Personal Data. For example, you can use the Delete button to delete your Work. Take a closer look at what happens when you choose to delete or delete content.
B.Permanently delete your account. If you decide to permanently delete your user account, please contact us to do so and we will delete all of your data in the App, including but not limited to all authoring and purchasing history. Once your account is permanently deleted, you will not be able to revoke the "deleted account" or recover your data.
7.GDPR Rights for European Residents
1.If you are an EU resident, you benefit from any mandatory legal provisions in your country. You may have certain additional rights in relation to your Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ("GDPR"). Nothing in this Agreement, including the paragraphs above, affects your rights under such mandatory local law. You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us via customer_service@wondershare.com.
2.Pursuant to the GDPR, if you are Resident in the EU, you have the following rights regarding your Personal Data.
Rights
Content
The Right to Be Informed
The User has the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how Wondershare collects and uses Personal Data and its rights. This is the reason why Wondershare is providing the User with the information in this privacy policy.
The Right of Access
The User has the right to obtain access to its Personal Data (if Wondershare is processing it), and other certain information (similar to that provided in this privacy policy).
The Right to Rectification
The User is entitled to have its Personal Data corrected if it’s inaccurate or incomplete.
The Right to Erasure
This ‘the right to be forgotten’ enables the User to request the deletion or removal of its Personal Data where there’s no compelling reason for Wondershare to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The Right to Restrict Processing
Under certain circumstances, the User has the right to ‘block’ or suppress further use of its Personal Data.
The Right to Data Portability
The User has the right to receive its Personal Data provided to Wondershare in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and has the right to transmit those data to another controller.
The Right to Object to Processing
The User has the right to object, on grounds relating to its particular situation, at any time, to the processing of its Personal Data.
The Right to Lodge a Complaint
The User has the right to lodge a complaint about the way Wondershare handles or processes its Personal Data with its national supervisory authority (in France, the CNIL).
The Right to Withdraw Consent
If the user has given its consent for a specific processing of its Personal Data implemented by Wondershare, the User has the right to withdraw its consent at any time. In case the User does so, it does not mean that anything Wondershare has done with the User’s Personal Data with its consent up to that point is unlawful).
The Right to Define Instructions
The User has the right to define general or specific instructions regarding the storage, deletion and use of its Personal Data after death.
8.CCPA Rights for California Residents
(1)If you are a California resident, you benefit from any mandatory legal provisions in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). You may have certain additional rights in relation to your Personal Data under the CCPA. Nothing in this Agreement, including the paragraphs above, affects your rights under such mandatory local law. You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us via customer_service@wondershare.com.
(2)Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), if you are a California resident, you have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
Rights
Content
The Right to Know
You have the right to request information about the personal data we collect, use, and disclose during the past 12 months, including the categories and specific pieces of personal data collected, our purposes for collecting such data, and the categories of third parties we have shared your personal data with
The Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions as outlined by the CCPA.
The Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data, if applicable. Please note that we do not sell your personal data as defined under the CCPA.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, including but not limited to, denying you goods or services, charging you different prices or rates, providing a different level of quality of goods or services, or suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
9.Children's Policy
(1)General Age Restrictions. This Application is not intended for children under the age of 13 (in some cases, this age may vary depending on the legal requirements of your jurisdiction, collectively, the "Minimum User Age"), and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children below the Minimum User Age. If you have not reached the minimum user age, please do not attempt to register for this application or provide us with any Personal Data about yourself. If we learn that we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under the minimum user age without parental consent, we will delete that Personal Data. If you believe we may have any Personal Data from a child under the minimum user age, please contact us via customer_service@wondershare.com.
(2)Age Limit for EU Residents. As required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation, you must be at least 16 years old to use our services. To the extent prohibited by applicable law, we do not permit EU residents under the age of 16 to use our Services without parental/guardian permission.
10.Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time in order to provide our services in a timely manner and to comply with applicable laws. Notices shall be displayed or otherwise communicated to you. Therefore, please visit this Privacy Policy page periodically to check for any changes. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using the App. If you continue to use the Services within a reasonable time after notification of the update, you will be deemed to have accepted all modifications made, unless applicable law requires the Application to obtain your express consent.
11.How to contact us
Questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices are available to contact us at
customer_service@wondershare.com
.