Privacy Policy
Updated on:
November 3rd, 2023
Effective Date:
November 3rd, 2023
As the operational
provider of Pulse Trackr APP and services, SINGATOP PTE. LTD (hereinafter
referred to as "us") attaches great importance to the protection of
your personal information. We will protect your personal information and
privacy security in accordance with laws and regulations. We have established
this privacy policy and would like to remind you of the following information
in order to make appropriate choices:
(1) This privacy
policy specifies the ways in which we process your personal information during
various stages such as downloading, installing, opening, browsing, using, and
logging out of the Pulse TrackrAPP (hereinafter referred to as
"using"). We promise to take corresponding security measures to
protect your personal information in accordance with universally applicable
security standards in the industry.
(2) It should be
noted that this privacy policy only applies to the Pulse Trackr app and
services we provide. This privacy policy does not apply to the services
provided to you by other third parties (including other companies or
institutions that provide advertising services in our services, redirecting
links to third-party entities, etc.). Before choosing to use third-party
services, you should fully understand the product features and privacy
protection policies of third-party services, Then choose whether to use the
corresponding function or service.
(3) Before using
our products and services, please carefully read and fully understand this
policy, and focus on italicized and bold font. We have the right to modify and
update this policy from time to time. Please keep an eye out for the latest
version of this policy. If you do not agree or accept the terms of this policy,
please stop using the products and services we provide. If you continue to use
this software after the date of change in the terms of this agreement, we will
consider your use to be acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.
(4) In addition to
this privacy policy, in specific scenarios, we will also explain to you the
purpose, scope, and usage of corresponding information collection through
instant notifications (including pop-up windows, page prompts, etc.) and
function update instructions. These instant notifications and function update
instructions form a part of this privacy policy and have the same effect as
this privacy policy.
The following will
help you gain a detailed understanding of how we collect, use, store, transfer
(if applicable), and protect your personal information.
1. How do we
collect and use personal information
2. How do we
delegate, jointly process, transfer, and disclose personal information
3. How do we store
and protect personal information
4. Manage your personal
information
5. Minors clause
6. Revision and
Notification of Privacy Policy
7. Contact Us
8. Others
1. How do we
collect and use personal information
1.1 During your
use of our products and services, we will collect personal information that you
voluntarily provided or authorized to provide during registration and use of
this service, as well as personal information generated during your use of this
service, in accordance with the following purposes and methods:
1.1.1 Customer
service functions
When you contact
our customer service or use other user response functions (such as in sales
after-sales applications, personal information protection complaints or
suggestions, complaints or demands), we will collect and use your contact
information, your communication/call records and content with us, as well as
other necessary information related to your needs. We collect this information
to verify your identity Convenient to contact you in a timely manner in the
later stage and help solve problems, as well as to record the handling plans
and results of related issues.
1.1.2 Operation
and Safety Assurance
(1) To ensure the
safe operation, quality, and efficiency of software and services, as well as to
improve and optimize our service experience, we will collect your device model,
operating system, unique device identifier (such as Android ID/OAID on Android
and IDFA before iOS 14.5 on iOS), battery, signal strength, configuration
information, login IP address, and version and device unique identifier used on
mobile devices; The information you search or browse when using our services,
including the web search terms you use, the URL address of the social media
page you visit, the duration of stay, refresh records, publish records, follow,
subscribe, bookmark, share, and other information and content details you
browse or request when using our services; Information about the mobile apps
and other software you have used, as well as the information (metadata)
contained in the content you share through our services, such as the date,
time, or location of shared photos or videos taken or uploaded.
(2) To prevent
viruses, trojans, or other malicious programs or websites, we may collect
application information (such as version, language, source, etc.), process
information, overall operation, usage and frequency, application crashes, and
performance data installed on your device.
(3) We may use
your account information, device information, service log information, as well
as information that our affiliates and partners are authorized by you or can
provide in accordance with the law, to determine account and transaction
security, conduct identity verification, identify violations, detect and
prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, analysis, and disposal
measures in accordance with the law.
1.2 In addition to
the above content, we will also apply to you for the necessary access
permissions to activate a specific service before it can be activated
(1) When you use
the "Measure Heart Rate" function, we will request your authorization
to take photos with the camera.
(2) When you use
the alarm function, we will request your authorization to notify.
1.3 Exceptions to
obtaining authorized consent
Please understand
that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and relevant
national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to
collect and use your personal information:
(1) Related to our
obligations under laws and regulations;
(2) Directly
related to national security and national defense security;
(3) Directly
related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of
judgments;
(5) For the
purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of
personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property,
but it is difficult to obtain personal consent;
(6) The personal
information collected is publicly available to the public on your own;
(7) Collect your
personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate
news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(8) Necessary for
signing or fulfilling the contract according to your requirements;
(9) Necessary for
maintaining the safe and stable operation of software and related services,
such as discovering and handling faults in software and related services;
(10) Necessary for
legitimate news reporting;
(11) Academic
research institutions conduct statistical or academic research based on the
public interest, and when providing academic research or descriptive results to
the public, de label the personal information contained in the results;
l. Other
situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
2. How do we
delegate, jointly process, transfer, and disclose personal information
2.1 Partners
involved in data processing
2.1.1 Principles
(1) Principle of
legality: If data usage activities are involved in the process of cooperation
with partners, they must have a legitimate purpose and comply with the legal
basis of legality. If the partner's use of information no longer complies with
the principle of legality, they should no longer use your personal information
or use it after obtaining the corresponding legal basis.
(2) The principle
of legitimacy and minimum necessity: The use of data must have a legitimate
purpose and be limited to the necessity of achieving the purpose.
(3) The principle
of safety and prudence: We will carefully evaluate the purpose of partners' use
of data, conduct a comprehensive evaluation of their security capabilities, and
require them to comply with the cooperation legal agreement. We will strictly
monitor the security of software tool development kits (SDKs) and application
program interfaces (APIs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order
to protect data security.
2.1.2 Entrusted
processing
For scenarios
where personal information is entrusted for processing, we will sign relevant
processing agreements with the entrusted partner in accordance with legal
provisions and supervise their personal information usage activities.
2.1.3 Joint
processing
For the scenario
of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements
with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their
respective rights and obligations to ensure compliance with legal provisions
and protect data security during the use of relevant personal information.
2.1.4 Scope of
partners
(1) Our services
may access or link to social media or other services provided by third parties
(including websites or other forms of services). If the specific functions and
scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the
scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties. Including:
A. You can use the
"Share" button to share some of our service content with third-party
services, or you can share third-party service content with our services. These
functions will collect your information (including your log information) to run
the above functions normally;
B. We provide you
with links through advertising or other means of our services, so that you can
link to third-party services or websites;
C. Other
situations of accessing third-party services. For example, in order to achieve
the purposes stated in this policy, we may access SDKs or other similar
applications provided by third-party service providers and share some of your
information we have collected in accordance with this policy with such third-party
service providers in order to provide better customer service and user
experience. At present, the third-party service providers we access mainly
include the following types:
a. Used for
advertising related services, including advertising display, advertising data
monitoring/statistics, etc;
b. Used for
message push functions, including mobile phone manufacturer push push, specific
event reminders, personalized content recommendations, etc;
c. Used for
payment related services, including order payment, transaction behavior
verification, revenue settlement, payment information summary and statistics,
etc;
d. Used to obtain
device location permissions, collect device information and log information
with your consent;
e. Used for
third-party authorization services, including logging in to third-party
accounts, sharing relevant content with third-party products, etc;
f. Used to support
product functional modules, including online live streaming, video playback,
voice recognition, AR, intelligent customer service, barrage playback, content
storage, etc;
g. Used to
optimize product performance, including improving hardware distribution
capabilities, reducing server costs, and functional hot fixes;
h. Used for
account security, product reinforcement related services, including network
monitoring, domain name resolution (HTTPDNS), anti hijacking, anti spam, anti
cheating, encryption and decryption services, etc.
(2) Some
third-party SDKs or similar applications we connect to will collect your
personal information based on the product features triggered by you. If you use
such third-party services in our services, you agree that they will directly
collect and process your information. We will evaluate the legality,
legitimacy, and necessity of collecting personal information through such
third-party services, and require such third-party services to take protective
measures against your personal information and strictly comply with relevant
laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. The specific third-party SDK directory
is as follows:
Shence SDK
Company
Information: Beijing Shence Network Technology Co., Ltd
Obtain information
and purpose: Record user behavior, continuously guide and optimize products
through data analysis
Official website
link: https://www.sensorsdata.cn/
The above
third-party social media or other services are operated by relevant third
parties. Your use of such third-party social media services or other services
(including any information you provide to such third-party) is subject to the
third-party's own service terms and information protection statements (rather
than this policy), and you need to carefully read their terms. This policy only
applies to the personal information we collect and does not apply to any
third-party services or information usage rules. If you find that these
third-party social media or other services pose risks, we suggest that you
terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and
interests and contact us in a timely manner.
2.2 Transfer
With the continuous
development of our business, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset
transfers, and your personal information may be transferred as a result. When
the aforementioned changes occur, we will continue to protect or require the
recipient of personal information to continue protecting your personal
information in accordance with laws and regulations and security standards no
lower than those required by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require
the recipient to obtain your authorization and consent again.
2.3 Publicity
We will not
disclose your information unless we comply with national laws and regulations
or obtain your consent. We will adopt security measures that comply with
industry standards when disclosing your personal information.
2.4 Exemption from
Consent to Provide and Publish Personal Information in accordance with the Law
Please understand
that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and national
standards, we do not need to obtain your authorized consent to provide or
disclose your personal information to our partners or third parties:
(1) Necessary for
the conclusion and performance of contracts to which you are a party, or for
the implementation of human resource management in accordance with labor regulations
and collective contracts established in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for
fulfilling legal duties or obligations;
(3) Directly
related to national security and national defense security;
(4) Necessary for
responding to sudden public health emergencies or in emergency situations to
protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons;
(5) Directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of
judgments;
(6) Implementing
news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other behaviors for the public
interest, and processing personal information within a reasonable range;
(7) Personal
information that you disclose to the public on your own;
(8) Collecting
personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate
news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(9) Other
situations stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3. How do we store
and protect personal information
3.1 Storage
location
We store your
personal information collected and generated during domestic operations within
the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with laws and
regulations. At present, we will not transmit your personal information
overseas. If we transmit it overseas, we will comply with relevant national
regulations or seek your consent.
3.2 Storage period
3.2.1 During your
use of this service, we will continue to store your personal information for a
period not exceeding the period necessary to provide you with the service. If
we cease to operate this service, we will delete or anonymize your personal
information within a reasonable period of time in accordance with applicable
laws. After you terminate the use of this service or close the corresponding
authorization, we will delete or anonymize your information, except for the
following situations:
(1) Comply with
the requirements of laws and regulations regarding information retention (such
as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requiring the
retention of goods and service information and transaction information for no
less than three years from the date of transaction completion; the
Cybersecurity Law requiring the retention of relevant network logs for no less
than six months in accordance with regulations).
(2) For financial,
auditing, dispute resolution, and other purposes, it is necessary to extend the
deadline reasonably.
3.3 Data security
protection measures
3.3.1 We have used
security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal
information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use,
modification, damage, or loss. We guarantee to adopt strict data processing
permission control, ensuring that only authorized personnel can access personal
information to avoid unauthorized use of data. At the same time, we use widely
used encryption technology in the industry to encrypt and save your personal
information, and isolate it through data isolation technology. We always
implement these technical measures and organizational management methods, and
may revise and improve them from time to time to enhance the overall security
of the system.
Although the above
reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by
relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that
the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and email, instant
messaging, and communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly
recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please
use complex passwords to assist us in ensuring the security of your account.
3.3.3 When an
event endangers network security occurs, we will take corresponding remedial
measures in a timely manner in accordance with the network security emergency
plan. If our physical facilities or technical protection measures are damaged,
resulting in the leakage, illegal provision, or abuse of your personal
information, causing damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will
strictly assume corresponding responsibilities in accordance with the
provisions of the law.
3.3.4 After we
learn of a personal information security incident in which your personal
information was unfortunately leaked, illegally provided, or abused, we will
promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and
regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident,
the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to
independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you. We will
inform you of the relevant situation of the event through push notifications.
When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we
will take reasonable and effective measures to publish the announcement. At the
same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security
incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4. Manage your
personal information
We attach great
importance to your management of personal information and do our best to
protect your rights to access, correct, copy, delete, withdraw consent, and
cancel your account, so that you have the ability to protect your privacy and
information security.
The management
paths we provide in different versions or operating systems may vary, please
refer to the actual ones.
We do not charge
any fees for your reasonable requests in principle, but for requests that are
repeated multiple times and exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain
cost according to the situation. We may refuse requests that are unfounded,
require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or
fundamentally changing existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights
and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving
information stored on backup tapes).
In addition, in
the following situations, according to legal and regulatory requirements, we
may not be able to respond to your request:
(1) Directly
related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Directly
related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of
judgments;
(4) We have
sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of
rights (such as your request endangering public safety and the legitimate
rights and interests of others, or your request exceeding the scope of general
technical means and commercial costs);
(5) Responding to
a request from a personal information subject will cause serious damage to the
legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
(6) Involving
trade secrets;
(7) Situations
where laws and administrative regulations provide otherwise.
4.1 Personal
information protection for deceased users
After the death of
a user (limited to natural persons only), their close relatives may, for their
legitimate and legitimate interests, exercise the right to access, copy,
correct, delete, and other related personal information of the deceased user
through the contact information disclosed in this policy, unless otherwise
arranged before the death of the deceased user.
Please understand
and confirm that in order to fully protect the personal information rights and
interests of deceased users, close relatives of deceased users who apply to
exercise this right need to submit their identification documents, death proof
documents, applicant's identity proof documents, and proof of kinship between
the applicant and the deceased user according to our designated process or
customer service prompts, and provide the types and purposes of the rights
applied to exercise.
5. Minors clause
5.1 Our products
and services are mainly aimed at adults. If you are a minor under the age of
18, you should read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and
guidance of your parents or other guardians before using this service.
5.2 If you are the
guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information
of the minor you are monitoring, please contact us through the contact
information disclosed in this privacy policy.
5.3 If we find
that we have collected personal information of minors without the consent of
our guardians, we will try to delete the relevant information of minors as soon
as possible.
6. Revision and
Notification of Privacy Policy
6.1 In order to
provide you with better services, this service will be updated and changed from
time to time. We will revise this privacy policy from time to time, which
constitutes a part of this privacy policy and has the same effect as this
privacy policy. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights
under the current effective privacy policy.
6.2 After updating
this privacy policy, we will issue an updated version and remind you of the
updated content through appropriate means before the updated terms come into
effect, so that you can keep up with the latest version of this privacy policy
in a timely manner. If you continue to use this service after the update of
this privacy policy, it is deemed that you have accepted the updated privacy
policy.
7. Contact Us
7.1 For any
questions, opinions or requests related to this privacy policy, you can contact
us by sending an email to [pulsetrackrcontact@zohomail.com]. Generally, we will reply
within fifteen working days after receiving your relevant contact information
and verifying your identity.
7.2 For your
reasonable requests, we will not charge any fees in principle, but for repeated
or unreasonable requests, we will charge a certain fee as appropriate. We may
refuse requests for information that is not directly related to your identity,
unfounded duplicate information, or requires excessive technical means (such as
developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), poses
risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or is unrealistic.
8. Others
8.1 This privacy
policy is only applicable to your use of this service in Chinese Mainland (only
for the purpose of this clause, excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan). This
privacy policy may exist in multiple language versions. If there is any
inconsistency or conflict between the terms of each language version, the
simplified Chinese version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
8.2 This privacy
policy shall be signed and come into effect on the date of your authorization
and consent to use this product and service. The formulation, performance,
interpretation, and dispute resolution of this policy shall be governed by the
laws of the People's Republic of China and shall exclude the application of all
other conflict laws. If any disputes arise between the parties regarding the
content or implementation of this policy (including but not limited to
contractual or other property rights disputes), both parties shall resolve them
through friendly consultation; If consultation fails, both parties agree to
submit it to the jurisdiction of the people's court and handle it.