Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 8th July, 2024
This Privacy Notice applies to the processing of personal information by Impel Intelligence, Inc. (“
Dippy
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) including on our website available at https://www.dippy.ai/ and our other online or offline offerings which link to, or are otherwise subject to, this Privacy Notice (collectively, the “
Services
”).
1.UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
2.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3.HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
4.HOW WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
6.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
7.RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
8.SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR EU/UK GDPR
9.CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
10.THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
11.CONTACT US
1.UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If we do, we’ll let you know by posting the updated Privacy Notice on our website, and/or we may also send other communications.
2.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect personal information that you provide to us, personal information we collect automatically when you use the Services, and personal information from third-party sources, as described below.
Personal Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect personal information that you provide to us.
Account Information
. We may collect personal information in connection with the creation or administration of your account. This personal information may include, but is not limited to, you name, email address, username, and other information you store with your account.
Purchases
. We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases, including payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party payment processors. We do not directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but we may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing details).
Your Communications with Us
. We, and our service providers, may collect the information you communicate to us, such as through email or via the personal AI companions you chat with through the Services.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, we may collect personal information from you in connection with the survey.
Interactive Features
. We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., messaging and chat features, commenting functionalities, forums, blogs, and social media pages).  Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services will be considered “public.”
Sweepstakes or Contests.
We may collect personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or contests that we offer. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of sweepstakes and contest winners.
Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events.
We may collect personal information from individuals when we attend or host conferences, trade shows, and other events.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
Primary Account Information.
We collect primary account information, such as your Google account email, when you use our app.
Personal Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use the Services.
Device Information
. We may collect personal information about your device, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, cookie identifiers, other unique identifiers, browser or device information, Internet service provider, and location information (including, as applicable, approximate location derived from IP address and precise geo-location information).
Usage Information
. We may collect personal information about your use of the Services, such as the pages that you visit, items that you search for, the types of content you interact with, information about the links you click, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Services.
Cookie Notice (and Other Technologies)
. We, as well as third parties, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect personal information through your use of the Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files stored in device browsers.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects personal information about use of or engagement with the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited, a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Primary Account Information.
We collect primary account information, such as your Google account email, when you use our app.
See “Your Privacy Choices and Rights” below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
Personal Information Collected from Third Parties
We may collect personal information about you from third parties.  For example, if you access the Services using a Third-Party Service (defined below), we may collect personal information about you from that Third-Party Service that you have made available via your privacy settings. In addition, users of the Services may upload or otherwise provide personal information about others.
3.HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide the Services, for administrative purposes, and to provide you with marketing materials, as described below.
Provide the Services
We use personal information to fulfill our contract with you and provide the Services, such as:
Managing your information;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of the Services;
Answering requests for support;
Communicating with you;
Sharing personal information with third parties as needed to provide the Services;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products and Services purchased;
Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes
We use personal information for various administrative purposes, such as:
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Carrying out analytics;
Measuring interest and engagement in the Services;
Improving, upgrading, or enhancing the Services, including through training AI models;
Developing new products and services;
Creating de-identified and/or aggregated information. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, unless permitted by, or required to comply with, applicable laws;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with the Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Carrying out activities that are required to comply with our legal obligations.
Marketing
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with marketing and other content. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “Contact Us” below.
With Your Consent or Direction
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information, with your consent, or as otherwise directed by you.
4.HOW WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose personal information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide the Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
Disclosures to Provide the Services
We may disclose any of the personal information we collect to the categories of third parties described below.
Service Providers
. We may disclose personal information to third-party service providers that assist us with the provision of the Services. This may include, but is not limited to, service providers that provide us with hosting, customer service, analytics, marketing services, IT support, and related services. In addition, personal information and chat communications may be disclosed to service providers that help provide our chat features.
Some of the service providers we may use include:
Google Analytics
. For more information about how Google uses your personal information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your personal information, please click
here
.
Supabase.
Our app uploads users' primary account information to Supabase. For more information about how Supabase uses your personal information, please visit
Supabase’s Privacy Policy
Other Users You Share or Interact With
. The Services may allow Dippy users to share personal information or interact with other users of the Services.
Third-Party Services You Share or Interact With
. The Services may link to or allow you to interface, interact, share information with, direct us to share information with, access and/or use third-party websites, applications, services, products, and technology (each a “
Third-Party Service
”).
Any personal information shared with a Third-Party Service will be subject to the Third- Party Service’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the processing of personal information by Third-Party Services.
Business Partners
. We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also share your personal information with business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Once your personal information is shared with our business partner, it will also be subject to our business partner’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the processing of personal information by our business partners.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with our corporate affiliates.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, transition of service to another provider, or other similar corporate transaction, your personal information may be disclosed, sold, or transferred as part of such a transaction.
5.YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are described below.
Email Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe functionality found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and the Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to this Privacy Notice).
Mobile Devices
. We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track
.
”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies
. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, the Services may not work properly.
Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of certain tracking on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
,
iOS
, and
others
.
The online advertising industry also provides mechanisms that may allow you to opt out of receiving targeted ads from organizations that participate in self-regulatory programs. To learn more, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
, and
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Your Privacy Rights
. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information
;
Request Access to or Portability of Your Personal Information
;
Request Correction
of your personal information;
Request Deletion
of your personal information;
Request Restriction of or Object to our Processing
of your personal information;
Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities
including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws),  if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in “profiling” in furtherance of certain “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects” concerning you (as such terms are defined by applicable privacy laws); and
Withdraw Your Consent
to our processing of your personal information. Please note that your withdrawal will only take effect for future processing, and will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in “Contact Us” below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
6.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
All personal information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. These countries may or may not have adequate data protection laws as defined by the data protection authority in your country.
If we transfer personal information from the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection laws, one of the safeguards we may use to support such transfer is the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
.
For more information about the safeguards we use for international transfers of your personal information, please contact us as set forth below.
7.RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use the Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide the Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, certain risk factors, the purposes for which we process your personal information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
8.SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR EU/UK GDPR
This Supplemental Notice for EU/UK GDPR only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation.
Dippy’s processing of your personal information may be supported by one or more of the following lawful bases:
Privacy Notice Section
Lawful Basis: Performance of a Contract (i.e., to provide the Services to you)
Lawful Basis: Legitimate Interest
Lawful Basis: Consent
Lawful Basis: For Compliance with Legal Obligations
Section 3A: Provide the Services
✔
✔
✔
✔
Section 3B: Administrative Purposes
✔
✔
✔
✔
Section 3C: Marketing
✔
✔
Section 3D: With Your Consent or Direction
✔
✔
✔
9.CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children under 16 (or other age as required by local law outside the United States), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal information to the Services in violation of applicable law, you may contact us as described in “Contact Us” below.
10.THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
11.CONTACT US
Dippy is the controller of the personal information we process under this Privacy Notice.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at support@dippy.ai.
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://supabase.com/privacy:
Product
Developers
Enterprise
Pricing
Docs
Blog
79K
Sign in
Start your project
Open main menu
Privacy Policy
#
Last Modified: 9 Oct 2024
Previous Version:
4 Aug 2024
Thank you for your interest in Supabase, Inc., ("
Supabase
," "
we
", "
our
" or "
us
"). Supabase provides a suite of open source tools, stitched together to build a seamless developer experience. This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable ("
personal information
") is collected, used and disclosed by Supabase in connection with our website at
supabase.com
(the "
Site
") and our services offered in connection with the Site (collectively with the Site, the "
Service
").
What Does This Privacy Notice Apply To?
#
This Privacy Notice explains how we use your personal information when you use the Service, either as an individual customer or when you access the Service through one of our enterprise customers' accounts. We are the data controller of your personal information when we use it as described in this Privacy Notice, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is processed.
Our Service allows customers to submit, manage or otherwise use content relating to others, such as end users of applications built and managed through the Service or their employees and contractors (“
Customer Data
”). We use such Customer Data primarily as a processor, meaning we process such Customer Data on behalf of and under the instructions of the relevant customer, in accordance with our
data processing addendum
. This Privacy Notice does not apply to such processing; if you believe your personal information has been included in any Customer Data, we recommend you read the Privacy Notice of the respective customer.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we use personal information. It does not cover our use of information that is not "personal information", "personal information" or similar terms under applicable law. This means that it does not cover our use of aggregated or anonymized information.
Where applicable law permits, it also does not cover deidentified information, meaning information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual (please note that this would not apply to personal information collected from you if you are in the UK, EEA or Switzerland).
We may also provide you with additional privacy notices or disclosures where the scope of the inquiry, request, or personal information we require falls outside the scope of this Privacy Notice. In that case, the additional Privacy Notice or disclosures will set out how we may process the information you provide at that time. Please note that this Privacy Notice does not cover or apply to our processing of information about our employees or contractors or applicants for positions at Supabase.
Region-specific Disclosures
#
California - Your California Privacy Rights:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. Note we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Nevada:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Note we do not sell your personal information within the meaning of Chapter 603A. However, if you would still like to submit such a request, please contact us at
support@supabase.com
.
European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), United Kingdom or Switzerland, or otherwise engage with Supabase’s European operations, please see the
Privacy Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland
for additional European-specific privacy disclosures, including the lawful bases we rely on to process your personal information, how we use cookies when you access our Sites from the EEA, UK or Switzerland and your rights in respect of your personal information.
Note for International Visitors:
Personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected. For example, the Sites are primarily hosted in and provided from the United States. Please note the country to which personal data is transferred may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as the country from which it was transferred.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
Information we collect and our use
How we share personal information
Control over your information
How we use cookies and other tracking technology to collect information
Data retention and security
Links to third-party websites and services
Children's privacy
Changes to this privacy notice
Contact us
Privacy disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland
1. Information we collect and our use
#
We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of the Service. This collection includes information that you provide in connection with the Service, information from third parties, and information that is collected automatically such as through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Information That You Provide
#
We collect personal information that you submit directly to us. The categories of information we collect can include:
Registration information.
We collect personal and/or business information that you provide when you register for an account on the Site. This information may include your name, email address, GitHub username. We use this information to administer your account, provide you with the relevant services and information, communicate with you regarding your account, the Site and for customer support purposes.
Payment information.
If you make a purchase or payment on the Site, such as for a subscription, we collect transactional information provided in connection with your purchase or payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors, including Stripe, to process payments made to us. As such, we do not retain any personally identifiable financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice. To view Stripe’s privacy notice, please visit:
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Communications.
If you communicate with us through any paper or electronic form, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, and to communicate with you, to enhance the services we offer to our users and to manage and grow our organization. If you register for our newsletters or updates, we may communicate with you by email. To unsubscribe from promotional messages, please follow the instructions within our messages and review the
Control Over Your Information section
below. If you become a contributor, we may also collect your GitHub name and feature you on our website.
Inquiries and Feedback.
If you contact us, we will collect the information that you provide us, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication with us.
You are free to choose which personal information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with personal information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment transaction information, and information on your requested Services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations.
After registration, you may create, upload or transmit files, documents, videos, images, data or information as part of your use of the Service (collectively, “
User Content
”). User Content and any information contained in the User Content, including personal information you may have included, is stored and collected as part of the Service. You have full control of the information included in the User Content.
Information from Third Party Sources
#
We may receive personal information about you from our business partners and service providers and combine this information with other data we collect from you. The third-parties may include website and service operators and payment processors and marketing partners. The information may include contact information, demographic information, information about your communications and related activities, and information about your orders. We may use this information to administer and facilitate our services, your orders and our marketing activities.
Single Sign-On.
We use single sign-on ("
SSO
") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. We will have access to certain information from those third parties in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by those third parties, including, for example, your name, username, email address, language preference, and profile picture. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. We may also send you service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, purchase confirmation, customer support, changes or updates to features of the Site, technical and security notices).
Social Media.
When you interact with our Site through various social media, such as when you click on the social media icon on the Site, follow us on a social media site, or post a comment to one of our pages, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information from other sources, including through third-party information providers, our shareholders, customers, or through transactions such as mergers and acquisitions. We may combine this information with other information we collect from or about you. In these cases, our Privacy Notice governs the handling of the combined personal information. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Other Uses of Personal Information
#
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
For our business activities, including to operate the Service and to provide you with the features and functionality of the Service;
To communicate with you and respond to your requests, such as to respond to your questions, contact you about changes to the Service, and communicate about account related matters;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as to market to you or offer you with information and updates on our products or services we think that you may be interested in. While we may use your personal information in this manner, please note that we do not use User Content to send you ads, and we will never share User Content with any third parties for marketing or advertising purposes, unless you have explicitly submitted it to us for that purpose;
For analytics and research purposes;
To enforce our
Terms of Service
, to resolve disputes, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
To comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information; and
For any other lawful purpose, or other purpose that you consent to.
2. How we share personal information
#
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see
Control Over Your Information
.
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers or business partners who help us deliver or improve our Site or services, or who perform services on our behalf. These third parties
are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms and provisions restricting their use of your personal information
, and may include parties that process payments and coordinate billing, provide web hosting services, or provide analytics.
Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Service
or other agreements or to protect the security or integrity of the Supabase services, including to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Supabase, our Customers, visitors, or others.
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Supabase, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Supabase. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
We may disclose your information publicly or with another third party with your prior authorization.
With others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly or indirectly as an individual.
3. Control over your information
#
Email Communications
#
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Service, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information
#
If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information) through the account options provided on the Site. If there is personal information in your User Content, you can use the features and functionality of the Service to edit or delete the personal information or User Content. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us at the email provided below. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
4. How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technology to Collect Information
#
We, and our third-party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Site. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”).
We, and our third-party partners, use tracking technologies to automatically collect usage and device information, such as:
Information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, and a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser or your account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier), and other such information.
When you access our sites from a mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, and depending on your mobile device settings, we may be able to approximate a device’s location by analyzing other information, like an IP address.
Information about the way you access and use our services, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our services, the pages you visit, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the services from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Site.
We use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom content and information; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our services; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Site; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) to provide, plan for, and enhance our services.
Note we do not engage in online targeted advertising.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Opt-Out.
Depending on your browser or mobile device, you may be able to set your browser to delete or notify you of cookies and other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the sites, as some features and services on our sites may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
5. Data Retention and Security
#
We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We store data on servers in the U.S. or any other country in which Supabase or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents or contractors maintain facilities. If you are located in a country where laws governing data collection and use differ from U.S. law, please note that your personal information may be transferred to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. When you register for use with Supabase you have the option of where you store your information and we will not transfer it without providing information to you in advance.
Supabase cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
6. Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
#
For your convenience, our Site may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from the services, including the information or content contained within them. Your browsing and interaction on any other website or service are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. If you are using a third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.
7. Children’s Privacy
#
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that any personal information has been collected inadvertently from a child under 13, we will delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@supabase.com
.
8. Changes to Privacy Notice
#
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Supabase account and/or by placing a prominent notice on our Site. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. When we do change the Privacy Notice, we will also revise the “last modified” date.
9. Contact Us
#
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Notice, please send us an email at
privacy@supabase.com
.
Privacy disclosures for the European economic area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
#
The following disclosures (“
Privacy Disclosures
”) apply to you if you access or use the Site or the Services from the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland.
Supabase, Inc is the data controller of your personal information when we use it as described in these Privacy Disclosures, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is processed.
1. Personal Information You Provide To Us
#
We collect the following categories of personal information that you submit directly to us when you use the Service:
(a)
Contact information
, such as first name, last name and email address
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
When you create an account and access the Service as an individual, we use this information to set up and authenticate your account on the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Stripe, Orb, Hubspot, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Postmark,Twilio, Fly.io, and PandaDoc.
We use this information to communicate with you, including sending service-related communications.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.
We use this information to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering the Service, and for communicating with you effectively to respond to your queries or complaints.
We use this information to send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us consent to do so.
(b)
Your registration / account information
. When you create an account and access the Service as an individual, If you use an email and password to sign up to the service we will collect your email address, and password. If you use Github we use single sign-on ("
SSO
") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use this information to create your account on the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Github, Amazon Web Services.
(c)
Payment transaction and billing information
. When you make a purchase through your own individual account on the Service, we collect information such as your billing address and Tax ID and other information such as date and time of your transaction and products / services purchased.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use this information to process your orders through the Service and collect payment.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Stripe, Orb, Tableau, PandaDoc, Hubspot, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to verify your identity in connection with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The processing is necessary for our and third partiers' legitimate interests, namely the detection and prevention of fraud and financial crime.
(d)
Chat, comments and opinions
. When you contact us directly, e.g. by email or phone or through our feedback form we will record your comments and opinions.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
When you contact us about your own individual account, or contact us as a prospective customer, we use this information to address your questions, issues and concerns.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and responding to queries, complaints and concerns.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Hubspot, Tableau, Google Gsuite, Notion, Amazon Web Services, and Slack.
We use this information to improve the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our service).
(e)
Information you submit through our Supabase AI tool
. When you submit a query through our Supabase AI tool, we will collect the content of your query and information about the databases and other content you manage through the Service. We will only collect information about the structure of your databases and metadata, such as column and row headings or other information about how that content is organized. We will not access the content of the databases itself or the information you manage through the Service.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
When you use the Supabase AI to submit queries through your own individual account, we will use this information to generate automated responses to your query.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: OpenAI, LLC and its affiliates, Fly.io, and AWS.
We this information to assess the performance of the chatbot tool and improve the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our service).
(f)
Information received from third parties, such as social networks
. If you interact with us through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use single sign-on ("
SSO
") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use this information to reshare content created through the use of the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our service and inform our marketing strategy).
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Commonroom, Github, and Slack.
We use this information to authenticate you and allow you to access the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
2. Information we collect about your Use of the Site and Service.
#
We also automatically collect the following personal information about how you access and use the Service, and information about the device you use to access the Service:
(a)
Approximate Location information
. When you visit our Service, we may collect information about your location. This information may be derived from WiFi positioning or your IP address.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use information to present the Service to you on your device, including localizing features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service. If you access the Service as an authorized user of another customer, the processing is necessary for our and the customer's legitimate interests, namely presenting the Service to you on your device.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Sentry, Tableau, Posthog, Plausible, BigQuery (Google Cloud), Fly.io, Vercel, Cloudflare, Configcat, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to determine content that may be of interest to you.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
(b)
Information about how you access and use the Service
. For example, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access the Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the website pages you visit, the links you click, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service. If you access the Service as an authorized user of another customer, the processing is necessary for our and the customer's legitimate interests, namely presenting the Service to you on your device.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Posthog, Plausible, Fly.io, Sentry, Hubspot, BigQuery (Google Cloud), Vercel, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to monitor and improve the Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
(c)
Log files and information about your device
. We also collect information about the tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to the Service. This information can include details about the operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Service through the device and your IP address.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service. If you access the Service as an authorized user of another customer, the processing is necessary for our and the customer's legitimate interests, namely presenting the Service to you on your device.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Posthog, Plausible, Hubspot, Fly.io, Vercel, Sentry, Google Cloud, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to identify and detect multiple attempts to access the Service to detect fraudulent use of the Service, attempts to breach the security of the Service and to ensure that the Service does not get overloaded.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely maintaining the security and integrity of the Service.
We use this information to monitor and improve the Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically.
We may anonymize and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the Service. We may also share such anonymized and aggregated information with others.
3. How long will we store your personal information
#
We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal information about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal information:
(a)
Legitimate Interests
. Where we are processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
(b)
Consent
. Where we are processing personal information based on your consent, we generally will retain the information until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.
(c)
Contract
. Where we are processing personal information based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
(d)
Legal Obligation
. Where we are processing personal information based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation.
(e)
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
(f)
Contact information
– if you have an account with us, we retain this for as long as you have an account on our services, and for 60 days after you close your account.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information.
4. Recipients of Personal Information
#
In addition to the recipients listed above, we may also share your personal information with the following:
Recipients
Why we share your personal information with these recipients
How these recipients will use your personal information
Service providers
We will share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include mailing, email or chat services, payment and billing services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
These recipients will use your personal information as processors on our instructions.
Advisors
We may share your personal information with companies that provide professional and advisory services to us, such as legal and accounting services.
These recipients will use your personal information to provide professional services to us. The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the sharing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely receiving professional advice.
Affiliates
We will share personal information with other companies owned by or under common ownership as Supabase, including our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns.
These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under these Privacy Disclosures. The lawful basis we rely on for sharing your personal information is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing global support and management of the Service.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. For instance, if we sell the Service to a third party, we will share the personal information we have collected through the Service with that buyer.
These recipients will use your personal information to complete a transaction to buy all or the part of our business that includes the Service. The lawful basis for sharing personal information with these recipients is that it is necessary for our and the recipient's legitimate interests, namely completing a transaction to buy all or part of our business.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
we may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Terms; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Supabase, its users or others.
These recipients will use your personal information in the performance of their regulatory or law enforcement role. The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the processing is either necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely enforcing our rights or complying with requests from regulatory authorities.
5. Marketing and Advertising
#
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
We will only send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so. You can withdraw your consent at a later date by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences via your account on the Service.
6. Storing and Transferring your Personal Information
#
Security
. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never requesting credit or debit card information or national identification numbers from you through unsolicited emails or phone calls.
International Transfers of your Personal Information
. The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third party service providers have operations, including the United States and Singapore.
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable law:
Where we may transfer your personal information
Safeguards that apply to that transfer
United States
The transfer is subject to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner for the transfer of personal information.
Singapore
The transfer is subject to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner for the transfer of personal information.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of these Privacy Disclosures.
7. Your rights in respect of your personal information
#
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal information to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal information. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the European Union, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in the UK or Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner's Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of these Privacy Disclosures.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to verify your identity when exercising the above rights.
8. Cookies and similar technologies used on our European Services
#
Cookies
We use the following types of cookies:
Cookie
Type of cookie
When is the cookie dropped?
How long does the cookie stay on my device?
Purpose of the cookie
Links to respective privacy notices
Stripe
Strictly necessary
When you access the payment interface on our Service.
30 minutes
Detecting and preventing fraudulent payments and transactions.
Stripe Cookie Settings
Stripe
Strictly necessary
When you access the payment interface on our Service.
1 year
Detecting and preventing fraudulent payments and transactions.
Stripe Cookie Settings
Stripe
Strictly necessary
When you access the payment interface on our Service.
2 years
Detecting and preventing fraudulent payments and transactions.
Stripe Cookie Settings
Cloudflare
Strictly necessary
When you first access the Site.
30 minutes
Identify and block bots from accessing the Service.
Cloudflare Cookies
Cloudflare
Strictly necessary
When you first access the Site.
End of Session
Manage traffic to our Service to ensure that it does not get overloaded.
Cloudflare Cookies
Youtube
Strictly necessary
When you view a Youtube embedded video on our Site.
End of Session
To display embedded videos to you on our Site.
Google Cookie Policy
hCaptcha
Strictly necessary
When you respond to a CAPTCHA to prove you are not a robot.
End of Session
To record your responses to the CAPTCHA and grant you access to certain areas of the Service.
hCaptcha Privacy Policy
Posthog
Analytics
When you access the Service.
1 year
To monitor and analyze how you use the Service.
Posthog Privacy Policy
Cookies are pieces of code that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. The cookies listed as strictly necessary are required for the operation of the Service, such as cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the Service.
We use Analytics cookies to collect information to assess how our Service is used. We will only do so, however, only if you give us your consent to do so.
Manage preferences
Most browsers also allow you to change your cookie settings to block certain cookies. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse all cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Service. These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the "Help" option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookies settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
If you would like to find out more about cookies and other similar technologies, please visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
Please note that deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5.