Privacy Policy
(Last Updated: September 2024, effective date: September 1, 2024)
This Privacy Policy applies to NOGAME LABS mobile applications, websites and related services (together the “Services” or “apps”, “websites” for individual categories). This Privacy Policy explains how NOGAME LABS ("we", "us", "our") collect, use, secure, and/or disclose end-users’ (“you” or “your”) or otherwise processes your personal information when you use our Services.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy.
Personal information
Our apps doesn’t obtain or collect your personal information like email address, your name and other sensitive information.
Device Information
When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect anonymous data including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, operating system, resolution, application version, mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID), language, time zone and IP address.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
For more general information on cookies, please read https:// www
.privacypolicyonline.com/what-are-cookies/
​
Usage Information
We collect information automatically about your activity through our Services, such as the date and time you used a service, features you have used, your in-app purchases history, subscriptions, your interaction with advertisements, and data generated when you use our Services.
​
​
Images
In some of our apps, user-uploaded images are essential for editing and generating AI images. These images are stored temporarily on our servers and are deleted immediately after generating or editing the images.
We do not share, sell, or claim ownership of your photos. Additionally, our technology doesn’t identify or authenticate individuals in the images, and your photos are not used to train our AI systems. We implement industry-standard security measures, including encryption and access controls, to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or destruction.
​
Face Data
We do not retain face data. Any facial information used in our apps is processed only for the purpose of generating or editing images and is not stored on our servers. We ensure that face data is used only in the moment of image generation or processing, and it is never retained or shared after that.
​
Third-Party Data
We do not sell or license your information to any other party. However we may use third party service providers (for example, for integrating ads or analytics) to manage one of more aspects of our business operations.
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve our Services (e.g. service for integration ads or analytics). We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Sharing of Information
We may be required to disclose user provided and automatically collected information if subpoenaed, served with a court order or requested by law-enforcement officials conducting investigations, or if we are otherwise required by law to disclose such information; or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, or with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Opt-out
You can stop all collection of information by the apps easily by uninstalling the application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
To keep you informed of what information we collect, use, and disclose, we will post any changes or updates to this Privacy Policy on this Site and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our email
privacy@nogamelabs.com
​