Privacy policy
Privacy Policy on Personal Data Processing by ICS “Health Forever International”
We treat seriously and responsibly the confidentiality of personal data and their security is a priority for us.
ICS Health Forever International SRL (Medpark International Hospital) is a Registered Personal Data Operator. License number: 0000188-001 of 20 December 2014.
The purpose of this security policy is to ensure the appropriate level of protection of the personal data of the data subjects by properly, according to the national legislation on data protection and confidentiality of communication.
Privacy
Information protection during processing your personal data is a major concern of the Medpark International Hospital, so all the data collected during your visits to our website is processed under personal data protection law.
The Medpark International Hospital is committed not to disclose information about your visits to this site, except for legal situations.
Protecting information while processing your personal data is a major concern of the Medpark International Hospital, therefore all data collected during our visits to our website is processed in accordance with personal data protection law.
Collection and processing of personal data
When you visit Medpark International Hospital website, the web server automatically registers your internet service provider name and the website you visit. Other personal data will only be stored if offered voluntarily by you, for example, in the context of appointment.
The information we obtain depends on the services you access, in particular: name, surname, address, telephone number and email address.
Use and disclosure of personal data and its purpose
Your data will be treated in accordance with current legislation on the Protection of Personal Data and will be used by Medpark International Hospital for the following purposes:
information purposes about Medpark services;
online appointment,
communication (e-mail, messaging, chat),
development and analysis – data will be processed to better understand the patient’s needs.
for the purpose of processing your request.
The Medpark International Hospital undertakes not to disclose personal data transmitted by you through the site and not to disclose it to third parties.
Data security
This site adopts all security measures to protect the personal information of our users. When the personal data is added to our site, the information will be protected both offline and online. Data sent through programming or contact forms will be encrypted and protected. All user information mentioned above will not be the subject of any activity other than those mentioned above.
Information for users (visitors)
As a user (visitor) you have the following responsibilities:
to provide accurate, accurate and complete data about you, as required by the registration form when applicable,
maintain and update when the situation requires,
the registration data to be true, accurate, and complete.
At the same time, you undertake not to do the following:
publish materials containing viruses or other programs intended to destroy this system and any system or information,
publish obscene, defamatory, threatening or malicious material to another user, natural or legal person, material or information prohibited by the applicable legal provisions;
publish an image or an account statement
In case of non-compliance with these conditions, Medpark International Hospital will dissociate from their author, delete the information and act legally.
Data retention
We will keep your personal data for as long as necessary for to achieve the purposes stated in this document, unless longer retention is required or permitted by applicable law. The retention of anonymized data is not governed by such limitations or requirements.
Changes to the privacy policy
Modifying or, as the case may be, revising this policy is made when necessary. The privacy policy is published on the hospital website.