AI Photo Editor
E-commerce Tools
PDF Tools
English
日本語
हिन्दी
Indonesia
Português
Filipino
Русский
Español
Melayu
Italiano
Français
Deutsch
English
Login
Create account
English
日本語
हिन्दी
Indonesia
Português
Filipino
Русский
Español
Melayu
Italiano
Français
Deutsch
English
Login
AI Photo Editor
Background Remover
Photo Enhancer
Profile Picture Maker
Passport Photo Maker
AI Hairstyle
Cleanup Pictures
Restore Old Photo
Colorize Photo
Free Image Compressor
E-commerce Tools
AI Fashion Models
Clothing Recolor
AI Background Generator
Online Background Changer
Image Recopyright
AI Face Generator
AI Image Extender
Image Optimizer on Shopify
Image Brightener
PDF Tools
PDF Translator
Compress PDF Online
Merge PDF File Online
Convert PDF to Word Online
Convert PDF to Excel Online
Convert PDF to PPT Online
JPG to PDF Online
PDF to JPG
WORD to JPG
Explore All Tools
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter: "Privacy Policy") can be interpreted as the policy of ifoto concerning the
          processing of your personal data garnered through the website: ifoto.ai. ( hereinafter: "Service") and
          through dedicated mobile applications ("Mobile Applications"). Personal Information refers to information
          pertaining directly or indirectly to you as a natural person. (“Personal Information”) Your personal data
          will be processed with the aim of using service offered by ifoto by the Mobile Service and Applications. The
          processing of your personal data is legally based on the contract - Article 6(1)(b) of Regulation 2016/679
          of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with
          regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive
          95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), ("GDPR"). The legal basis for the processing of your personal
          data is also the legitimate interest of the controller - Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR to safeguard against
          possible claims and your consent - Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.
Contact
If you have any questions about your account, how the service works or for help, please use the e-mail:
          support@ifoto.ai. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personal data,
          etc., please contact us by e-mail: support@ifoto.ai. You may need to authenticate the identity of a user
          when comes to us for help before processing a request, for your and our security reasons.
Data collection
As an online passport photo app to offer high-quality service to you, we have to collect and store the
          following data about users:
1. picture;
2. information necessary to issue an invoice if the User requests it;
3. information received during the complaint process, if the User lodges a complaint;
4. information received while assisting the User in the operation of the Service.
Information from other sources:
Take a specific example
Payment service providers who provide us with the latest information about the payment method based on their
          relationship with the User and data such as name, surname, address data, type and expiry date of the card,
          part of the data of the card number, tokens for payment processing.
Purpose, legal ground and duration of data processing
We utilize and process the above information in order to perform the contract/service and to comply with
          legal obligations incumbent on ifoto, e.g. issuing or storing invoices, responding to complaints, ensuring
          warranty or on the basis of our legitimate interest, in order to store evidence for the purpose of proving
          the fulfillment of legal obligations, investigation of claims or defense against claims. We store this
          information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data are processed, in particular
          for the period during which we are obliged to store the data or fulfil other legal obligations or the period
          for which claims are barred.
Disclosure of data
In a general sense, we do not sell, share or transfer information we collect to others unless we are
          required to do so under generally applicable law or when your information is needed to provide services to
          you, for the purposes and as described below: Service providers: Entities entrusted with the processing of
          your personal data belong to the category of providers of infrastructure and IT solutions, e.g. in order to
          personalize and optimize our service. These entities may process your personal data in accordance with GDPR,
          in a third country. These entities may also use other entities to process your personal data, which will
          process them in a third country. Payment service providers: ifoto will provide your personal data to the
          extent necessary in order to process your payment via the electronic payment provider of your choice.
          Countries other than your country of residence: We may also share your data with entities located in
          countries other than your country of residence. Therefore, your personal data may be subject to different
          privacy laws than those applicable in your country of residence. In the event that we transfer your data
          outside the European Economic Area, we will ensure that your data is transferred in accordance with this
          Privacy Policy and applicable law. If data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, ifoto will use
          the Standard Contractual Clauses and the Privacy Shield as safeguards in relation to countries for which the
          European Commission has not determined an adequate level of data protection. We can pass on your personal
          data to public authorities on their authorized request.
User rights and user information
You're empowered to:
· access your personal data and receive a copy of your personal data subject to processing;
· correction of your incorrect data;
· requests for deletion of data in the event of circumstances as provided for in Article 17 of the GDPR;
· requests to restrict data processing in the cases mentioned in Article 18 of the GDPR;
· to object to the processing of data in the cases provided for in Article 21 of the GDPR;
· the transfer of the delivered data
· the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority (the President of the Office for the
          Protection of Personal Data).
Children
The protection of the privacy of minors is particularly crucial. For this reason, no part of the Service is
          intended for persons under 16 years of age.
Cookies and online advertising
We may collect and analyze non-personal information about your device type, model, advertising ID, and any
          technical information about you, your operating system, and other similar information. We may collect
          cookies including this information. Information is stored to improve the performance of the program.
          Pursuant to Article 173(1)(2) in conjunction with Article 173(2) of the Telecommunications Act, if you do
          not want cookies to be stored in the memory of your device, you should modify your settings accordingly. A
          configuration that allows the use of cookies means that you agree to the above. Changes in Privacy Policy
          ifoto guarantees that it will be able to update this Privacy Policy at any time. In such a case, the
          relevant information will be made available in the Application or on the Website.
Acceptance of these conditions
By using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, please do not use ifoto service. Your
          continued use of our services following any changes to this Policy will be deemed to constitute acceptance
          of such changes.