Mixtape Marketing Ltd. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our company, Mixtape Marketing Ltd., uses the personal data
we collect from you when you use our website or interact with us via social media or competition
entry mechanisms
What data do we collect?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. collects the following data:
• Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Mixtape Marketing Ltd. with most of the data we collect. We collect data and
process data when you:
• Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message
boards or via email.
• Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
• Fill out the Contact Us form on our website.
• Engage with our activations at live events, entering personal data to enter competitions.
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
• Via social media should you engage with our channels
How do we store your data?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. securely stores your data at our Head Office – 6 Birch House, Rosemount
Business Park, Ballycoolin, Dublin 11, D11PK25. We also save online data via our servers. Both are
secured with appropriate measures in place.
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. will keep your data for 6 months post the competition closing date. Once this
time period has expired, we will delete your data by deleting any databases or destroying any
competition entry forms.
Marketing
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. Will not share your details with any 3
rd party agencies, unless required to do
so in order to fulfil the prize. We will not send you any marketing materials.
What are your data protection rights?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection
rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request Mixtape Marketing Ltd. for copies of your
personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service
The right to rectification –
You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. correct any
information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Mixtape Marketing Ltd. to
complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure –
You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. erase your
personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing –
You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. restrict
the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing –
You have the right to object to Mixtape Marketing Ltd.’s
processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability –
You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. transfer the
data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of
these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: 01-8665640
Or
email us: hello@mixtape.ie
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and
visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you
automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit
allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our
website, including:
• Keeping you signed in
• Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
• Functionality – Mixtape Marketing Ltd. uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our
website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what
language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are
used.
• Advertising – Mixtape Marketing Ltd. uses these cookies to collect information about your
visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about
your browser, device, and your IP address. Mixtape Marketing Ltd. sometimes shares some
limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share
online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when
you
visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our
website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove
cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function
as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Mixtape Marketing Ltd. website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only
to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this
web page. This privacy policy was last updated in January 2024.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Mixtape Marketing Ltd.’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or
you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
hello@mixtape.ie
Call us:
01-8665640
Or write to us at:
Mixtape Marketing Ltd, 6 Birch House, Rosemount Business Park, Ballycoolin,
Dublin 11, D11PK25
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. has not addressed
your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office
Notifications
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mixtape.ie/privacy-policy/:
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our company, Mixtape Marketing Ltd., uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website or interact with us via social media or competition entry mechanisms.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Mixtape Marketing Ltd. with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
Fill out the Contact Us form on our website.
Engage with our activations at live events, entering personal data to enter competitions.
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Via social media should you engage with our channels
How will we use your data?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. collects your data so that we can:
Enter your name into a competition we are running on behalf of a client
Share competition winners details with the client, should they request it for confirmation purposes
Share competition winners details with a 3rd party in order to fulfil a prize such as a holiday for example
Contact you to confirm you have won a competition
Send you a prize should you win a competition
How do we store your data?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. securely stores your data at our Head Office – 6 Birch House, Rosemount Business Park, Ballycoolin, Dublin 11, D11PK25. We also save online data via our servers. Both are secured with appropriate measures in place.
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. will keep your data for 6 months post the competition closing date. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data by deleting any databases or destroying any competition entry forms.
Marketing
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. Will not share your details with any 3rd party agencies, unless required to do so in order to fulfil the prize. We will not send you any marketing materials.
What are your data protection rights?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request Mixtape Marketing Ltd. for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Mixtape Marketing Ltd. to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to Mixtape Marketing Ltd.’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: 01-8665640
Or email us:
hello@mixtape.ie
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit
a
llaboutcookies
.org.
How do we use cookies?
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Mixtape Marketing Ltd. uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Mixtape Marketing Ltd. uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Mixtape Marketing Ltd. sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Mixtape Marketing Ltd. website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Mixtape Marketing Ltd. keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated in January 2024.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Mixtape Marketing Ltd.’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: hello@mixtape.ie
Call us: 01-8665640
Or write to us at: Mixtape Marketing Ltd, 6 Birch House, Rosemount Business Park, Ballycoolin, Dublin 11, D11PK25
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Mixtape Marketing Ltd. has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Notifications