Quicklinks
Fitness Classes
Facilities
Membership
Timetables
Swimming
About
Camps
Contact Us
Cookies
We provide this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy and to explain how and why Swan Leisure collects information from you; who we share your information with, why and on what basis and what your rights are. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
We use the information we collect about you to help efficiently administer our business and the services we provide to you in accordance with the relevant Data Protection Acts. We take privacy seriously and endeavour to be as open as possible in terms of how your information is used.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
By entering your personal information on the Swan Leisure Website, registration forms and/or our booking facilities you agree that we may retain your information and it may be held by Swan Leisure or Third Party Companies who process it on behalf of Swan Leisure.
Personal Information Collected
Personal information is information about you as an individual and includes information that identifies you and that can be used to contact you. This includes such information as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, banking information, and the like. It may also include information about your health and fitness levels and goals, and information regarding the frequency of your visits to our club and about the specific equipment, classes and services that you take advantage of, so that we may constantly strive to offer you the best range of fitness options.
Swan Leisure collects personal information for the following purposes:
to understand your fitness and other related needs and objectives and to assist you in achieving them
to process your membership payments and to ensure that your account remains up-to-date
to invite you to participate in member surveys or other opinion-gathering devices that assist us in making our club more responsive to your needs
to inform you of various matters relating to your membership and about our products and services that we believe may be of interest to you
Swan Leisure collects your personal information in the following ways:
A. Digital Markers including cookies - we use digital markers on our website to track site usage and trends, to improve the quality of our service, to customise your experience on swanleisure.ie website, as well as to deliver Swan Leisure and third-party advertising to Users both on and off the Swan Leisure site. A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors’ browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the web site. The digital markers used do not allow Swan Leisure to identify individuals. You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with the Swan Leisure site.
B. Log files, IP Addresses and information about your computer and mobile device - Swan Leisure uses Google Analytics to improve its web site. When your computer requests a Swan Leisure page, Swan Leisure collects the following types of information for Web analytics; the originating IP address; the date and time of the request; the type of browser used; mobile device (including your UDID) and mobile operating system (if you are accessing Swan Leisure site using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. Your IP address is anonymised prior to being stored on the service provider's servers in order to help safeguard your privacy. The information collected is de-personalised by truncating your IP address. No personally identifying information is recorded or provided to Google. Google Analytics uses “session” and “persistent” cookies; persistent cookies are stored on your computer and expire two years after your last visit to the Web site.
C. Registration Forms – if you complete a registration form either via our website or in person at our club we collect your information to process your membership or guest requirements and to provide you with the best service applicable to your needs.
Swan Leisure will only retain your personal information as long as is necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. Personal information is securely stored until such time as it is no longer required, after which it is destroyed. Swan Leisure strives to maintain the accuracy and completeness of your personal information. You may ask us to delete or correct information contained in your file.
Uses of Personal Information
The information you provide to Swan Leisure may reveal, or allow others to identify, your gender, age, and other aspects of your life. By providing information to us for the purposes of accessing and using the Club’s facilities or adding any additional details to your Swan Leisure profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy that allows Swan Leisure to process information about you. Supplying information to Swan Leisure, including any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law, is entirely voluntary on your part. You have the right to withdraw your consent to Swan Leisure’s collection and processing of your information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy by contacting
Clodagh@swanleisure.ie
A. Communications - Swan Leisure will communicate with you through email, text and notices posted on the Swan Leisure website or social media pages. We may send you a series of emails that help inform new Users about the features of our services, and we will also send you service messages relating to the functioning of our Services such as new classes, timetables etc. Your consent to this is not a condition of membership with Swan Leisure and you may withdraw it at any time by unsubscribing or contacting
Clodagh@swanleisure.ie
B. Sharing Information with Third Parties - Swan Leisure takes the privacy of our Users very seriously, and we do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as described in this policy.
C. Polls and Surveys Polls and Surveys - As a User, you may be invited to participate in polls and surveys from Swan Leisure. We will not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third parties in connection with the conduct of any polls or surveys. Swan Leisure may also combine your personal information with that of other individuals to create aggregate data which we will use, for example, to improve our products and services and to develop new ones. Aggregate data is general information about groups of customers but not about you as an individual.
D. Compliance with Legal Process - We will not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required or authorised by the law.
E. General Bookings - If you wish to book places or access our Parent Portal using our website, we will need you to supply your
E-mail address,
Swipe card number or membership number
Date of Birth or Phone number or Postal Code
Payment card details (depending on whether certain activities are included within your membership type).
We gather this information to allow us, our agents and sub-contractors to process your booking.
Collection of Information through use of Mailing Lists
We operate and maintain mailing lists. To subscribe to our Mailing List, you must provide your full name and a valid e-mail address. (Users are automatically subscribed to certain Mailing Lists.) We reserve the right to remove any non-functional, invalid or fraudulent e-mail addresses at our discretion.
Links to Other Websites
Our website and services contain links to other websites. This privacy statement only covers our site; it does not apply to any other website, including those websites that we provide links to. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Please check the privacy statement of the website prior to using it.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and on site.
Our website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use customary and commercially reasonable security measures such as firewalls to protect the services and our users information and registration information. Additionally, all of our users require a password in order to access the services. The password is chosen by the user. We do not monitor, and have no obligation to monitor, any transmission, use or storage of information. However, we may prepare and disclose any information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preparation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with the legal process; (2) enforce this statement; (3) respond to claims of third parties; or (4) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public. We may do any or all of this without notice to you. In addition, we reserve the right to delete, move or edit any information and/or to require you to delete, move or edit any information that violates our policies. We protect your personal information by using safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Each of our employees is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of all personal information to which they have access.
We keep our employees informed about our policies and procedures for protecting personal information.
Who we share your information with and why:
Swan Leisure works with a number of trusted suppliers, agencies and businesses in order to provide you a high quality service. Some examples of the categories of third parties with whom we share your data are:
IT Companies
- Swan Leisure works with businesses who support our website and other business systems.
Payment processing
- Swan Leisure works with trusted third party payment processing providers in order to securely take and manage payments.
How long we keep your information
If we collect your personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of factors including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under other laws.
We may need your personal information to establish, bring or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we will always retain your personal information for 2 years after the date it is no longer needed by us. The only exceptions to this are where:
the law requires us to hold your personal information for a longer period, or delete it sooner;
you exercise your right to have the information erased (where it applies) and we do not need to hold it in connection with any of the reasons permitted or required under the law;
we bring or defend a legal claim or other proceedings during the period we retain your personal information, in which case we will retain your personal information until those proceedings have concluded and no further appeals are possible; or
in limited cases, existing or future law or a court or regulator requires us to keep your personal information for a longer or shorter period.
Right of Access
Under law, you have a right to access the personal information that we hold about you. If you wish to access such information, please send an email to
Clodagh@swanleisure.ie
Right of Rectification or Erasure
In addition to your right to access your personal information, you also have a right to have your personal data corrected, if inaccurate, or erased, if we do not have a legitimate reason for holding your data. You can correct your personal information on our database or website either by logging into the Website (if applicable) and making the necessary changes, or you can also contact our office directly to change your membership/account details or alternatively you can email us at
info@swanleisure.ie
requesting any changes. All such corrections will be made as soon as possible. If you wish to have your data erased, please send an email to
info@swanleisure.ie
.
Swan Leisure’s Data Protection Policy outlines our commitment to protect the rights and privacy of individuals in accordance with the Data Protection legislation. The Facilities Management Team are responsible for ensuring that the Policy requirements and related procedures are being met. All inquiries or complaints regarding privacy should be directed in writing to the Facilities Manager by mail or e-mail. All inquiries will be responded to within 40 days from the date on which the Facilities Manager has received the inquiry. Swan Leisure can refuse access to a file in certain circumstances.
Swan Leisure may review and revise this privacy policy from time to time. Changes to this policy will be posted on our website and available upon request from –
Clodagh@swanleisure.ie
.
Our site and services provide you the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving communications from us. To be removed from the Mailing List you may unsubscribe by selecting the unsubscribe option that is included on email and text communications you receive from Swan Leisure. If you need further assistance or need to be removed from any other mailing list e.g. a survey mailing list, send an e-mail to
Clodagh@swanleisure.ie
.
Amendments
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time, and you should regularly check this Privacy Statement for any such amendments. Your continued use of our services, products or Website indicates your agreement to be bound by the terms of any revised Privacy Statement.