LAST UPDATED: June 18, 2024
Thank you for using Muscle Monster ("MM", "we" or "us"). Muscle Monster is committed to protecting the privacy of all users ("you," or "Users") who access the app. The privacy policy is here to give you all the information you need about what kind of information we collect, how we use it, how we share it, how you control your data, and make sure you know your rights in connection to when you use our applications, software, websites, APIs, and services. By using or accessing our App or our Service, you agree to our privacy policy. You promise us that (I) YOU have read, understand, and agree to this Privacy Policy, and (II) You are over 16 years old. If you do not agree or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Service and delete the app from your devices.
1. Information we collect
1) Data you give us
You may be asked to provide us information about yourself when you use the Service. This information includes: data directly/indirectly relating to your practice (including your practice schedule (i.e., time you practice), how you feel after practice, areas for improving body type, and your preferences relating to the ways of improving your body).
2) Data we collect automatically
We collect data about your mobile device. Examples of such data include language settings, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, and Facebook ID. This information helps fix bugs when any issues are reported on your device.
3) Usage data
We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log your taps on certain areas of the interface, the features, and content you interact with, how often you use the App, how long you are in the App, what sections you use, and your subscription orders.
2. How we use information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
1) Improve, personalize, and develop the services
We use the information we collect to improve the Services and to develop new features. we need this information to understand how users interact with the ''Muscle Monster app'' services, the stability, and performance of the services etc.
2) Communicate with you
We use your information when needed to send you Service notifications and respond to you when you contact us.
We guarantee that the information we collect will never be sold.
3. Sharing of information
We may share non-personal information that is aggregated or de-identified so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual. Meanwhile, we may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety of any person.
4. Your rights
You can simply uninstall the app to remove any stored data at any time. If you need any further assistance regarding your rights, feel free to contact us at support@musclemonster.fit
5. Our Policies for Children
We appreciate the importance of taking additional measures to protect children's privacy. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13.
6. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will inform you of any changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy through the mobile applications. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post a notification through the mobile applications and/or by asking you to review the changes to the Privacy Policy the next time you access the Services. Your continued use of the Services after the changes are made will indicate your consent to our use of your information consistent with this Privacy Policy, including those changes.
7. Supplementary clause (Effective: Aug 26, 2020)
This privacy policy also applies to users in California under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). We guarantee that the information we collect will never be sold.
In addition, your rights under the CCPA:
1) To know what information we collect.
You can request the details on the information we have collected from you by contacting us at support@musclemonster.fit.
2) To delete the information we collect.
You can request the deletion of your data by contacting us at support@musclemonster.fit. After that, you can use our application as usual, without any discrimination.