Política de privacidad
1.
Introducción
Para nosotros, la privacidad forma parte de nuestra principal actividad. Diseñamos y fabricamos automóviles y productos de movilidad que procesan datos para hacerle la vida más agradable y para que pueda disfrutar de nuestra experiencia al más alto nivel. Le damos el control en todo momento sobre su información y sus datos, para que usted, y solo usted, decida qué compartir, cuándo compartirlo y con quién compartirlo. Nuestra esencia sigue siendo un gran valor. Esta política de privacidad tiene como objetivo explicar cuándo y por qué esta aplicación recopilará sus datos personales, y cómo los utilizamos al usar la aplicación.
Le informamos que podemos desarrollar nuestra actividad bajo las marcas de vehículos CUPRA y SEAT, lo que significa que podemos referirnos a cualquiera de nuestras marcas en este documento. Tenga en cuenta también que algunas funcionalidades pueden variar en función del modelo del vehículo o de su paquete de conectividad. Para obtener más información, consulte el manual del vehículo o su plan CONNECT.
2.
¿Quién es el responsable del tratamiento de sus datos personales?
Nombre
: SEAT, S.A. (“CUPRA”), con N.I.F. A-28049161.
Dirección:
Autovía A-2, Km. 585, Martorell (Barcelona, España)
Contacto
:
customercare@cupraofficial.com
/
customercare@seat.es
3.
¿Cuál es la finalidad y la base jurídica para el tratamiento de sus datos personales?
Trataremos sus datos personales, así como cualquier otro dato personal al que podamos tener acceso como consecuencia del uso de la aplicación, para las siguientes finalidades principales:
Finalidades
Base jurídica
Registro del vehículo y uso del SEAT/CUPRA ID
:
La aplicación ofrece funciones específicas para su vehículo SEAT/CUPRA.
Para registrar su vehículo, deberá disponer de una cuenta de SEAT/CUPRA ID y una licencia activa de SEAT/CUPRA CONNECT
.
La ejecución de la relación
contractual
(Condiciones generales de uso de la aplicación y Condiciones generales de uso del SEAT/CUPRA ID y de SEAT/CUPRA CONNECT), de conformidad con el artículo 6.1. b del RGPD, así como su
consentimiento
, en virtud del artículo 6.1 a) del RGPD, para otros fines.
Una vez que se haya registrado con su SEAT/CUPRA ID, esta aplicación estará vinculada a su cuenta de usuario. Con SEAT/CUPRA ID, puede registrarse en varios de los servicios en línea que ofrecen tanto SEAT/CUPRA como terceros, como el importador de su país. El SEAT/CUPRA ID sirve como una cuenta de usuario principal que le permite gestionar sus datos personales de forma centralizada. Puede encontrar más información sobre el tratamiento de datos en relación con el SEAT/CUPRA ID en la política de privacidad:
SEAT ID y CUPRA ID (vwgroup.io)
.
Además, durante la configuración de su SEAT/CUPRA ID en el proceso de registro puede dar su consentimiento para fines comerciales adicionales, incluyendo publicidad y actividades de marketing, análisis, o la divulgación de datos a su importador. Recibirá toda la información sobre las finalidades y el tratamiento de los datos en la sección correspondiente. Puede revocarlo en cualquier momento en la configuración de su cuenta de SEAT/CUPRA ID
SEAT ID y CUPRA ID (vwgroup.io)
, o enviando un correo electrónico a
customercare@cupraofficial.com
o
customercare@seat.es
.
Funciones generales y módulo de servicios
:
tratamos sus datos para ofrecerle las funcionalidades de la aplicación y para la gestión de su vehículo. En la App, por ejemplo, puede crear una cuenta de SEAT/CUPRA ID y modificar sus datos o iniciar sesión, seleccionar un socio de servicio preferido y almacenarlo, ver y gestionar los vehículos de su garaje, etc.
Recuerde que algunas funcionalidades pueden variar en función del modelo de vehículo
. Algunas funcionalidades se pueden geolocalizar y proporcionar la ubicación del dispositivo. Puede desactivar la geolocalización en la configuración del dispositivo, teniendo en cuenta que esto puede limitar el uso de la App.
La ejecución de la relación
contractual
(Condiciones generales de uso de las funcionalidades generales de la aplicación), de conformidad con el artículo 6.1. b del RGPD, y su
consentimiento
para la geolocalización, en virtud del artículo 6.1. a del RGPD.
Funcionalidades que requieren ubicación/datos geográficos
:
Hay algunas funcionalidades que procesan sus datos personales para activar funciones específicas y pueden requerir su consentimiento previo para su activación.
Podrá dar y revocar su consentimiento en el “menú de permisos del vehículo” de la aplicación
. Esta revocación no afectará a la legalidad del tratamiento basado en el consentimiento dado anteriormente.
La base jurídica es su
consentimiento
con arreglo al artículo 6.1 a) del RGPD.
-
Carga de datos para la conducción semiautónoma:
Si ha dado su consentimiento, trataremos sus datos personales de conducción con esta finalidad y los cargaremos en un Mapa de aprendizaje que continuará mejorando la función “
Connected Travel Assist”
en sus vehículos. Esta función utiliza datos de enjambre para la conducción semiautónoma, por lo que puede aprender rutas y ayudar a los conductores de todos los vehículos equipados con Connected Travel Assist en estas rutas.
- Tipo de datos personales: Posición e indicación de la hora del vehículo, hora de la medición, datos relativos al movimiento (velocidad y aceleración del vehículo); detección sensorial del entorno inmediato mediante los siguientes sensores: sensores de cámara (por ejemplo, detección de señales, huellas, objetos estáticos y dinámicos, pero sin datos de imagen ni vídeo), sensores de radar (por ejemplo, detección de objetos dinámicos).
- Periodo de almacenamiento: Una vez recabados, los datos enviados al servidor de datos se someten a un control de calidad y se anonimizan inmediatamente en el servidor de datos. Los datos enviados se anonimizan en un periodo de 24 horas en nuestros servidores de datos, por lo que no se pueden extraer conclusiones sobre cada uno de los conductores.
-
Online Voice Control con datos de localización:
Si ha dado su consentimiento, procesaremos su ubicación y la posición actual de su vehículo cuando utilice la función
“Online Voice control”
. Relacionaremos su voz con lugares potencialmente interesantes de su entorno para ofrecerle mejores resultados (como destinos de navegación o puntos de carga) con mayor rapidez. Si no es apropiado al procesar el registro de voz, no se seguirá procesando la posición actual del vehículo.
- Tipo de datos personales: datos de voz, posición y localización.
- Periodo de almacenamiento: almacenaremos sus datos mientras esté vigente nuestra relación contractual y, una vez finalizada, durante un periodo máximo de 30 días.
Servicios de carga:
también trataremos sus datos con el fin de ofrecerle diversos servicios para cargar nuestros vehículos eléctricos (si su tipo de vehículo lo requiere). El requisito previo para ello es la creación de un ID de usuario y, en algunos casos, la rescisión de un contrato de carga. A continuación encontrará información detallada sobre el tratamiento de sus datos en relación con dichos servicios:
La ejecución de la relación
contractual
con CUPRA o con terceros, de conformidad con el artículo 6.1. b del RGPD para ofrecer los servicios pertinentes. Su
consentimiento
también es necesario para algunos servicios que requieren acceso a su ubicación.
-
Servicio de búsqueda y localización de puntos de carga
:
con estos servicios puede buscar puntos de recarga y consultar información como el estado de ocupación. La información sobre la ubicación de los puntos de carga se proporciona a través de Google Maps (Google Ireland Limited) o Apple Maps (Apple Inc.), que requerirán su consentimiento previo para el uso de datos de localización bajo su propia responsabilidad. Puede encontrar más información sobre el tratamiento de sus datos personales por parte de Google en
Política de privacidad – Privacidad y condiciones – Google
y por parte de Apple en
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
.
-
EV Route planning
:
al utilizar el servicio EV Route planning, tratamos sus datos personales en función de los parámetros de entrada que usted establezca: inicio/destino/paradas a lo largo de la ruta solicitada (datos de la ruta). También procesamos el número de identificación del vehículo (VIN), el idioma y los ajustes de carga de la aplicación, la ubicación del vehículo y otros parámetros técnicos y componentes relacionados con la autonomía (por ejemplo, capacidad y autonomía de la batería, carga actual, carga objetivo) (datos del vehículo) para determinar cualquier infraestructura de carga específica necesaria para su vehículo en función de la ruta calculada, cuando sea necesario. Procesamos los datos de la ruta durante el tiempo que sea necesario para los fines mencionados y, por lo general, los eliminamos inmediatamente después de proporcionar la ruta (por razones técnicas, las rutas eliminadas pueden seguir existiendo en las copias de seguridad de la base de datos hasta 30 días después de su eliminación).
-
Servicios de carga públicos
:
los servicios de carga y el contrato de carga (incluidos los métodos de pago y la gestión de la tarjeta de carga) los proporciona Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH (ELLI) como responsable de tratamiento de datos personales independiente. Puede encontrar más información sobre el tratamiento de sus datos personales por parte de ELLI en
https://www.elli.eco/en/privacy
. Procesamos el VIN del vehículo para verificar que su vehículo eléctrico tiene derecho a utilizar un plan de carga. Además, para gestionar sus sesiones y opciones de carga, también procesaremos su historial de carga, la ubicación del punto de carga utilizado, el número de tarjeta RFID de cualquier tarjeta de carga utilizada para la sesión de carga y el contenido de los comentarios opcionales, proporcionados tras una sesión de carga del vehículo.
-
Carga en casa
:
procesamos los datos relacionados con su cargador doméstico, como el historial de carga, la ubicación del cargador y las opciones de autenticación, con el fin de gestionar el servicio. El tratamiento de los datos es necesario para utilizar el cargador. La asignación del dispositivo al cliente se transmite a Volkswagen Group Charging (ELLI).
Atención al cliente y comentarios de los clientes
:
Tratamos sus datos para responder a sus preguntas y dudas sobre las funcionalidades, así como para recibir sus comentarios enviando encuestas a los clientes.
Nuestro interés legítimo
en responder preguntas sobre la aplicación, en virtud del artículo 6.1. f del RGPD.
Notificaciones push y alertas del vehículo
:
se podrán enviar notificaciones push a su dispositivo con consejos e información relacionados con el uso de la aplicación. Puede desactivar las notificaciones desde la configuración del dispositivo, teniendo en cuenta que esto puede limitar el uso de la aplicación.
La ejecución de la
relación
contractual
(Condiciones generales de uso de la aplicación), de conformidad con el artículo 6.1. b del RGPD.
4.
¿Qué categorías de datos tratamos?
En el contexto de las funcionalidades ofrecidas por la aplicación
, y conforme a los fines para los que usted proporcionó su consentimiento previamente, trataremos las siguientes categorías de datos:
Datos de identificación y contacto.
Datos de identificación del vehículo.
Datos sobre el estado y los parámetros de su vehículo.
Datos relativos a la información de localización y geolocalización si ha dado su consentimiento para ello desde la configuración de su dispositivo.
Datos relativos a la configuración del perfil del usuario.
Además, en el caso de compras dentro de la aplicación, también trataremos los datos relativos a su nacionalidad, su número de pasaporte/carnet de identidad, su dirección de facturación y los datos de su tarjeta de pago, cuando sea necesario, para procesar su solicitud de pago y comprobar si sus datos coinciden con las listas oficiales de sanciones específicas para evitar la transferencia de productos, servicios y tecnología a personas presuntamente vinculadas a actividades ilícitas. Para más información al respecto, consulte la Política de privacidad de SEAT/CUPRA ID.
Por último,
utilizamos tecnologías que son archivos que almacenan y recuperan información sobre la navegación del usuario. En particular, la aplicación utiliza tecnologías analíticas que podemos utilizar nosotros o terceros para comprobar el correcto funcionamiento de la aplicación, así como para medir, comprender y elaborar análisis sobre su uso. Utilizaremos esta información para mejorar la aplicación y la experiencia del usuario. La aplicación emplea los siguientes tipos de tecnologías:
Tecnología
Finalidad
Descripción
SDK de API de Mobile Core generic
Rendimiento
El SDK proporciona API básicas e independientes de las extensiones para facilitar el seguimiento de eventos de las pantallas, acciones y datos PII del usuario. Los eventos generados por estas API se publican en el centro de eventos del SDK y están disponibles para su uso a través de extensiones. Por ejemplo, cuando se instala la extensión Analytics, todos los datos de acciones del usuario y los eventos de la pantalla de la aplicación se envían a los puntos finales de informes de Analytics correspondientes.
SDK de Adobe Configuration Extensions
Rendimiento
La extensión Configuration proporciona distintas API para ajustar los parámetros de configuración del SDK.
SDK de Adobe Identity
Rendimiento
El marco de identidad permite a la aplicación utilizar Experience Cloud ID (ECID). El uso de los ECID mejora la sincronización con Adobe y otros identificadores de clientes.
SDK de Adobe LifeCycle
Rendimiento
La extensión LifeCycle permite acceder a información sobre las sesiones de la aplicación, incluida la información del dispositivo, la instalación de la aplicación, las actualizaciones de la aplicación, las horas de inicio y pausa de la sesión, el número de lanzamientos de la aplicación y otros datos contextuales.
SDK de Adobe Signal
Rendimiento
La extensión Signal permite enviar datos a puntos finales de terceros mediante solicitudes GET y POST. Las señales se configuran utilizando las reglas de Data Collection UI.
SDK de Adobe Profile
Rendimiento
Puede utilizar la extensión Profile para almacenar atributos sobre su usuario en el cliente. Esta información puede utilizarse posteriormente para orientar y personalizar los mensajes en situaciones en línea o fuera de línea, sin necesidad de conectarse a un servidor para obtener un rendimiento óptimo. La extensión Profile gestiona el Client-Side Operation Profile (CSOP) y proporciona una forma de reaccionar a las API, actualiza los atributos del perfil de usuario y comparte los atributos del perfil de usuario con el resto del sistema como un evento generado.
SDK de Adobe Target
Rendimiento
Adobe Target ayuda a probar, personalizar y optimizar las experiencias de las aplicaciones móviles basándose en el comportamiento del usuario y el contexto móvil. Puede ofrecer interacciones para captar y fidelizar mediante pruebas iterativas y personalización basada en reglas y en IA.
SDK de Adobe Analytics
Rendimiento
La extensión Analytics representa el SDK de Analytics Adobe Experience Platform, necesario para enviar datos de interacción móvil desde la aplicación a Adobe Analytics.
SDK de Adobe Assurance
Rendimiento
El SDK de AEP Assurance Android es una extensión móvil para Adobe Experience Platform que permite la integración con Adobe Experience Platform Assurance para ayudar a inspeccionar, probar, simular y validar cómo recopila datos o proporciona experiencias en su aplicación móvil.
Puede obtener más información sobre las transferencias internacionales realizadas por los terceros identificados anteriormente en sus respectivas políticas.
Por último, le informamos de que puede permitir, bloquear o eliminar estas tecnologías instaladas en su terminal en cualquier momento a través de la sección del perfil de la aplicación.
5
.
¿A qué destinatarios se comunicarán los datos?
Solo comunicaremos sus datos personales a terceros cuando dicha comunicación esté prevista por la ley.
Permitiremos el acceso a sus datos por parte de terceros, como Volkswagen AG y proveedores de servicios informáticos, que actuarán como encargados o subencargados del tratamiento de los datos, con el fin de poder ofrecer determinados servicios y funciones online relacionados con su vehículo. Utilizamos servidores de datos proporcionados por el Grupo Volkswagen, que también proporciona el mantenimiento y el soporte técnico para los sistemas informáticos. Estos terceros y los proveedores de Volkswagen AG siempre tratarán los datos personales en nuestro nombre y de acuerdo con nuestras instrucciones.
Asimismo, CUPRA tiene suscritos acuerdos con terceros que actúan como encargados del tratamiento de datos que pueden tener acceso a sus datos para la prestación de servicios. Nunca tratarán sus datos personales para sus propios fines porque siempre actuarán en nuestro nombre.
Comunicación al Importador y/o al Servicio Autorizado
Si ha inscrito su vehículo, debe tener en cuenta que comunicaremos el número de identificación del vehículo (VIN) de los usuarios que se inscriban en SEAT/CUPRA ID al Importador de su país y que dicho número será procesado para la identificación del canal de ventas, el seguimiento del rendimiento del concesionario, la implementación de bonificaciones para el concesionario y otros fines analíticos. De lo contrario, para el Importador de su país resultaría imposible cumplir estos fines internos. Esta comunicación se basa en que la transmisión y el posterior tratamiento por parte del Importador en su país son necesarios para que cada parte implemente los aspectos administrativos y técnicos de su negocio de manera eficiente y eficaz, como empresas del mismo grupo. Por ello, hemos considerado, tras el pertinente análisis y ponderación de sus intereses con los de nuestra organización, así como de sus Importadores como responsables independientes del tratamiento de los datos, la existencia de un interés legítimo (art. 6 f) del RGPD), teniendo en cuenta que sus intereses como persona interesada no se ven perjudicados, debido al tipo de información que se va a revelar (solo el número de identificación, VIN, del vehículo inscrito), y el uso que los Importadores harán de estos datos. Si desea más información sobre el análisis realizado por CUPRA en relación con el análisis de nuestro interés legítimo, puede enviar su solicitud a
dataprotection@seat.es.
Por otro lado, en función de las funcionalidades ofrecidas por la App, así como otro tipo de servicios que el Importador y/o el Servicio Autorizado SEAT/CUPRA puedan ofrecerle, podremos revelar su identificación personal, información de contacto y datos del vehículo, así como los niveles de aceite, el kilometraje o el estado del vehículo, a dichos terceros para cumplir con las siguientes finalidades:
Para solicitar y gestionar citas.
Para gestionar las alertas de su vehículo. Este tipo de alertas pueden ser:
El servicio de asistencia en carretera, si tiene este servicio incluido con su Importador, con el fin de asistirle con el servicio de grúa para llegar al Servicio Autorizado SEAT/CUPRA más cercano.
Alertas automáticas a su Servicio Autorizado preferido. Los niveles de aceite y el kilometraje se comunicarán al Servicio Autorizado CUPRA para garantizar el mantenimiento adecuado del coche. El Servicio Autorizado CUPRA puede llamarle para avisarle de que es necesario llevar a cabo una revisión con el fin de cumplir las normas de seguridad y del fabricante del vehículo.
Cambio en la alerta: Las alertas menos importantes, como un problema con los neumáticos o las luces, o cualquier luz de advertencia pertinente que aparezca en el vehículo, se pueden comunicar a su Servicio Autorizado CUPRA, que podrá ponerse en contacto con usted y, si está interesado, concertar una cita para resolver el problema del vehículo.
Solicitudes de mantenimiento del vehículo que haya seleccionado en la App: Estas solicitudes incluyen la información relevante para el servicio y el historial del vehículo (como las necesidades de mantenimiento y la información relevante para el servicio o las señales luminosas mostradas) y la programación de una cita en su Servicio Autorizado Preferido seleccionado en la aplicación. Trataremos sus datos personales de conformidad con las funciones o servicios correspondientes que haya seleccionado.
Para ello, necesitaremos cargar y comunicar sus datos de contacto y los datos de su vehículo a su Servicio Autorizado Preferido. En este caso, el tratamiento de sus datos personales es necesario para cumplir con las obligaciones legales en materia de seguridad que debemos respetar como fabricante de automóviles, así como para cumplir con su solicitud si usted ha pedido una cita de servicio de mantenimiento.
6.
¿Durante cuánto tiempo conservamos sus datos personales?
Conservaremos sus datos personales en un formato identificable mientras se le considere usuario de la aplicación y, en cualquier caso, hasta que solicite la eliminación de su cuenta o ejerza su derecho de oposición a las finalidades para las que tratamos sus datos, teniendo en consideración nuestro interés legítimo. En cualquier caso, debe saber que podemos mantener sus datos bloqueados para cumplir los requisitos legales correspondientes a cada categoría de datos (10 años según las disposiciones legales locales).
7.
¿Sus datos personales se enviarán fuera de la UE?
Todo el tratamiento de sus datos se llevará a cabo dentro del Espacio Económico Europeo y recibirá el mismo nivel de protección que en el Espacio Económico Europeo. Sin embargo, según la función o el modelo del vehículo, sus datos pueden tratarse fuera del Espacio Económico Europeo, con la garantía de que dichos datos se tratarán con las correspondientes salvaguardas. En este sentido, le informamos que nuestra Entidad, como parte del Grupo VW, ha contratado a determinados subencargado de tratamiento de datos, entre los que se encuentran SalesForce, Inc. Amazon Web Services (AWS) y Microsoft Corporation, para la prestación de servicios de alojamiento de datos. Estas empresas cifran los datos y los tratan exclusivamente en servidores de datos situados en la Unión Europea. Dado que estas Entidades tienen su sede en los EE. UU., no puede descartarse el acceso a los datos desde dicho país, por lo que se ha firmado el correspondiente
contrato tipo de la UE de cláusulas de protección de datos
para garantizar que sus datos personales estén suficientemente protegidos. Puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros a través de
dataprotection@seat.es
si desea obtener una copia del mencionado contrato o si se ha puesto a su disposición.
8.
¿Cuáles son sus derechos como persona interesada?
Como titular de los datos, puede ejercer los siguientes derechos ante CUPRA:
Derecho
Contenido
Acceso
Puede obtener una confirmación de si trataremos sus datos personales, y consultar sus datos personales incluidos en nuestros archivos.
Rectificación
Puede modificar sus datos personales si no son correctos, y completarlos si son incompletos.
Supresión
Puede solicitar la eliminación o supresión de sus datos personales cuando, entre otras razones, dichos datos personales ya no sean necesarios para los fines con los que fueron recopilados.
Objeción al tratamiento
Puede solicitar que no se traten sus datos personales. Dejaremos de tratar los datos, salvo por motivos legítimos imperiosos, o para el ejercicio o la defensa de posibles reclamaciones.
Restricción de tratamiento
Puede solicitar la limitación del tratamiento de sus datos personales por alguno de los siguientes motivos:
- Si se cuestiona la exactitud de sus datos.
- Si el tratamiento de datos es ilícito, usted se opone a la supresión de sus datos y solicita la limitación de su uso.
- Si no necesitamos tratar sus datos, pero usted los necesita para ejercer o defender un derecho en un procedimiento judicial.
- Cuando se haya opuesto al tratamiento de sus datos personales para cumplir una misión de interés público o para satisfacer un interés legítimo, mientras se verifica si las razones legítimas del tratamiento prevalecen sobre las suyas.
Portabilidad
Podrá recibir, en formato electrónico, los datos personales que nos haya facilitado y los que se hayan obtenido de su relación contractual con nosotros, así como cederlos a otra entidad.
Consentimiento de retirada
En caso de que nos haya dado su consentimiento para tratar sus datos con cualquier fin, también tiene derecho a retirar dicho consentimiento en cualquier momento.
El ejercicio de estos derechos es gratuito, salvo en caso de solicitud manifiestamente infundada o excesiva. En caso de duda razonable sobre su identidad, se le podrá solicitar la información adicional necesaria para que podamos confirmar su identidad y así poder responder a su derecho.
9
.
Ejercicio de derechos y vías de contacto
Puede ejercer estos derechos (i) presentando una solicitud por escrito a nuestro Departamento de Atención al Cliente, SEAT, S.A., Autovía A-2, Km. 585, (08760) Martorell, Barcelona (España) o (ii) enviando un mensaje de correo electrónico a la dirección de correo
customercare@cupraofficial.com
(CUPRA) o
customercare@seat.es
(SEAT). El ejercicio de estos derechos es gratuito, salvo en caso de solicitud manifiestamente infundada o excesiva.
Si considera que CUPRA no ha tratado sus datos personales de conformidad con la normativa aplicable, puede presentar una reclamación ante un organismo regulador de protección de datos en Europa y, en concreto, puede presentar la reclamación ante la autoridad reguladora competente de CUPRA a través de su sitio web
www.aepd.es
.
10.
Responsable de protección de datos
Por último, si tiene alguna duda o reclamación específica sobre la protección de datos, puede dirigirse a nuestro responsable de protección de datos a través de la dirección siguiente
dataprotection@seat.es
.
11. Cambios en la Política de privacidad
Es posible que actualicemos nuestra Política de privacidad de vez en cuando. Le recomendamos que revise periódicamente la Política de privacidad para comprobar si se han producido cambios. Los cambios entrarán en vigor cuando se publiquen en el sitio web.
Versión: septiembre de 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account
Sub-policy 1
https://www.elli.eco/en/privacy:
As at: March 2024
Privacy Policy VW Group Charging GmbH
A. Responsible entity
We are pleased to welcome you to the website of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, email:
info@elli.eco
, entered in the commercial register of the district court of Charlottenburg under the number HRB 208967 B ("Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH"), and thank you for your interest in our company and our products. We shall provide you with information regarding the collection, processing and use of your data in the following.
B.  Processing of your personal data
I. Processing of log files
When using the website, certain information is automatically transferred by your Internet browser and stored by us in so-called log files. In particular, the following information is transferred automatically:
an anonymous cookie ID,
the web browser used by you,
the date and time of your visit,
the pages you have visited on our website,
the website you are visiting us from,
as well as the IP address (Internet Protocol address) of the end device from which you have accessed the online service.
The processing of this data is carried out in accordance with Article 6 Para 1 lit. f of the GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in being able to display the website properly for you. The data will be erased after 14 days.
Google Ireland ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland is the processor for hosting the online shop. Google encrypts the data in accordance with the agreements made with us and processes it exclusively on data servers in the European Union. A (read) access to the information by Google LLC with its registered office in the USA cannot be excluded. Appropriate EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transfer of personal data to processors in order to provide adequate protection with regard to your personal data. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
II. Contact and customer service
You can contact us using the stored e-mail address or telephone number, and send us a request. In this context, we process the information and data provided by you (including personal data) in a ticket so that we can contact you and process your request (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). Volkswagen AG, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg that works as our processor, and Majorel Berlin GmbH, Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin, support us in the processing. Your data will also be stored and processed in our CRM system. We have commissioned Salesforce.com, Inc. (The Landmark @ One Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) as processor for this purpose. An access to information by Salesforce.com, Inc. cannot be excluded; in this respect, a corresponding EU standard contract (an appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) has been concluded. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
. We will erase your data as soon as we have responded to your request to your satisfaction, unless there are other retention periods (e.B. tax-related retention periods) that contradict this.
Chatbot ISA
On our website, we use the Chatbot ISA (Intelligent Service Agent) provided by Heidelberger Services AG, Wilhelmsfelder Str. 13b, 69118 Heidelberg, Germany, through our data processor powercloud GmbH, Max-Planck-Str. 1, 77656 Offenburg, Germany. We use the chatbot to facilitate easier communication with our customers regarding the energy industry. You can use the chatbot to receive information in near real-time. When using the chat, the following personal data is stored:
Date and time of access,
Browser type and version,
Operating system used,
URL of the previously visited website, if the chatbot is also integrated there,
Amount of data transmitted,
Content of the exchanged messages (chat history),
Geographical location and time zone.
It is possible to provide feedback to our chatbot. This feedback function is used to further develop and make our chatbot more user-friendly. As part of the feedback, you can include free text to improve our product. If you provide personal data here, it will be processed by us and our service providers in connection with the feedback provided. We do not process it for other purposes.
Data processing by the chatbot only takes place after you have given your consent via the cookie banner. The legal basis is therefore your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
We use cloud service providers and software operators as data processors for processing your personal data. These are contractually bound to our instructions.
Depending on the course of the conversation, additional personal data entered by you in the chat may be stored. The type of personal data stored depends on your individual query. Your data, as well as your feedback, if it allows conclusions about your identity, will be deleted six months after the final processing of your query or feedback analysis.
Providing your data is voluntary, based on your consent. You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect. Without providing your data, you cannot use the chat function.
III. Processing in the scope of the order process
We process the data provided by you in the scope of the order process for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). Your personal data required for this includes private contact information and identification data (such as name, address and email address) as well as IT usage data (such as order ID, time of the order) and bank details (see the paragraph on "Data processing for payment purposes" for further information on this).
We process your personal data for as long as required for the above-mentioned purposes. In the case of an objection to processing on the basis of our legitimate interests (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR), we will erase the personal data unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the relevant legal provisions. We will also erase the personal data if required to do so for other legal reasons. In accordance with these general principles, we will basically erase personal data immediately following the non-applicability of the legal basis, if it is no longer required for the specified purpose, or if the specified purpose no longer exists, and insofar as there is no other legal basis (e.g. retention periods in accordance with commercial and tax law), otherwise after the other legal basis no longer applies.
Insofar as the service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded an order processing agreement with these service providers and agreed on appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. In addition, we select our service providers carefully; they process the personal data with the exclusive purpose of fulfilling their tasks and are contractually bound to follow our instructions. They have put appropriate technical and organizational measures in place for the protection of personal data, and they are regularly monitored by us. We have concluded corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries (as appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries). The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
IV. Ordering E-MOBILITY EQUIPMENT
Order as guest
You have the option to place your orders as a guest. With this type of order you do not have to register before placing an order, but we collect and process your data required for ordering as a guest (name, address, email address and phone number).
Installation
For a professional service we recommend you contacting our preferred installation partner. On basis of a (Remote) Home Check our partner will send you an individual offer for planning, installing, and setting up your wallbox.
CarCharger
Telephone: 01 25 444 79
E-Mail: Home.sales@carharger.ie
Contact Form:
https://www.carcharger.ie/contact/
Alternatively, you may select your own service provider / electrician.
Further, we recommend that you use the user manual and the configuration instructions and hand it over to the installer. The configuration instructions explain how to connect your smart wallbox to the internet. This is necessary to keep your ID. Charger Connect / Pro up to date and to be able to correct errors remotely.
Logistics service
In order to be able to deliver the hardware ordered by you, we transfer your contact information (name, address, email and if necessary, telephone number) to our logistics service provider Arvato Distribution GmbH in Gottlieb-Daimler Str. 1 33428 Harsewinkel, as well as further information regarding your order for specific purposes.
Data processing for the purpose of payment
For the purpose of the processing the payment methods offered in this webshop (e.g. credit card), we have commissioned Adyen BV, Simon Carmiggelstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, Netherlands, as the payment service provider. As part of the payment process, your payment data (e.g. credit card data) as well as other personal data (e.g. billing address) may be transferred insofar as this information is required for processing the payment. Adyen BV processes your data on its own responsibility for the specific purpose in the framework of the banking service and hence, it bears the responsibility for the data by itself. For the purpose of fraud detection, Adyen also processes your personal data (e.g. name, billing and/or delivery address, email and telephone number) in its capacity as our processor.
Commissioning and configuration of e-mobility equipment
When purchasing your e-mobility equipment, you can choose between models with WLAN connection or LTE mobile communication standard. To ensure the communication capability and up-to-dateness of your e-mobility equipment (including WLAN connection or LTE mobile communication standard), it will transfer the following device-specific data in encrypted form to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at regular intervals and process it there: device identification, brand, generation, device type and software version.
If you want to use other optional online services (control and analysis of charging cycles) in connection with your e-mobility equipment, it is necessary to link the same with your existing user account. In the framework of the use of the online services, the following personal and other device-specific data is transferred to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH for the provision and rendering of performance, and processed there: customer identification, statistics, charging process information, status, connection status and time stamp of the last communication setup.
Alternatively, you can also select a device without connectivity functions. If you decide to opt for this variant of the e-mobility equipment, then data is not transferred to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH.
V. Declaration of consent to advertising
If you want to receive information about our products, you can order the corresponding advertisements. For this purpose, the following data is processed for the provision of the advertisements in the scope of the consent to be given by you (Article 6 Para 1 lit. a GDPR): family name, first name, email address and telephone number.
You can withdraw your consent at any point of time free of charge with effect for the future vis-à-vis Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. You will find further information about the assertion of your rights in this privacy policy in the section "Your rights".
Your personal data will be erased as soon as you have withdrawn your consent, provided that no other retention periods (e.g. tax retention periods) prevent this.
VI. Customer satisfaction surveys
In order to fulfil the quality requirements of our customers, we send customer mailings for the purpose of customer satisfaction surveys in order to improve our advertising and customer service as well as our products and services. For this purpose, we use the email address provided by you in the scope of your ID order. To be able to draw conclusions with regard to interdependencies between the type of use of the product and problems arising from the use of the product and your concerns, and to correspondingly adjust our advertising contents, taking into consideration your concerns and the results of your satisfaction survey, we link your concerns and results of your satisfaction surveys to your customer account on the basis of the email address provided by you. Your email address is processed on the basis of Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest in aligning our products better to the requirements of our customers. Apart from this, we pseudonymize the feedback collect by us in order to implement further actions for the purposes of analysis, categorization and classification (e.g. allocation to appropriate topics) as well as to calculate other anonymous metrics and key figures. In the scope of pseudonymization, we erase all direct identification features (e.g. name, email, user IDs) and retain indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms). For the purpose of carrying out analyses, we use the processor Google Ireland Limited ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which is the processor of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google LLC"). A corresponding EU standard contract (appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) has been concluded with Google LLC. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
We erase your data from the analysis and segmentation after five years or in accordance with legal requirements, e.g. if the purpose for which it was collected is no longer applicable and the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations.
VII.
Retention obligations
We process your personal data as long as this is required for the above-mentioned purposes. In the case of an objection to processing on the basis of our legitimate interests, we erase the personal data unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the relevant legal provisions. We also erase personal data if we are obliged to do so for other legal grounds. In accordance with these general principles, we erase personal data in principle,  immediately following the non-applicability of the legal basis, if it is no longer required for the specified purpose, or the specified purpose ceases and insofar as there is no other legal basis (e.g. retention periods in accordance with commercial and tax law), otherwise as soon as the legal basis no longer applies.
VIII. Data processing by service providers
Insofar as service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded an order processing agreement with these service providers and agreed on appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. Apart from this, we select our service providers carefully. They process personal data exclusively for the fulfillment of their tasks and are contractually bound to follow our instructions, have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect personal data and are regularly monitored by us. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries (as an adequate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries). The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
IX. General information related to the analysis of data while using the products and services
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH continuously endeavors to develop new products and services, to improve the products and services offered by it, and to improve the advertising efforts to market these products and services. A substantiated analysis of the use of products and services (analytics) is necessary to achieve these goals. On account of this reason, Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data from your user account and the linked services, such as e.g. pseudonymous identification data (e.g. a randomly generated pseudonymous user ID), user account data (e.g. preferred partners), transaction data (e.g. charging processes), contract data (e.g. confirmed General terms and conditions), IT use data (e.g. last logins to the services, use of functions) and location data (e.g. truncated GPS Data). The purposes of the processing, the processing itself and the corresponding legal bases are described in detail in the following.
Analysis for the development and improvement of products: For the purpose of developing new (e.g. estimation of adoption rates of new products) and improving existing (e.g. evaluation of the adoption rate of existing products) products and services, Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data from the use of our products and services. In the course of the processing, your personal data is pseudonymized. Pseudonymization comprises the erasure of all direct personal identification features (e.g. name, email address, telephone number). Indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms) are retained. It is only after the execution of this pseudonymization that the data analyzed in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. The direct personal reference is not restored at any point of time. The results emerging from the analysis (especially metrics and key figures) are entirely anonymous. The processing of pseudonymous data is necessary because there are interactions between the user account and the respective services. In these cases, the use of the pseudonym is imperatively necessary to associate the data from the user account on which the analysis is based and the linked services. The described processing of your data takes place on the basis of the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to offer you newly developed and improved products and services (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR). Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH erases your pseudonymous data after a period of 5 years or in accordance with the legal requirements, for example as soon as the purpose for which it was collected no longer exists, and insofar as the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations.
Segmentation for the improvement of advertisements: For the purpose of improving advertisements (e.g. evaluation of relevance for a campaign), Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data that is collected from the use of our products and services. In the course of the processing, your personal data will be pseudonymized. Pseudonymization comprises the erasure of all direct personal identification features (e.g. name, email, telephone number). Indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms) are retained. It is only after this pseudonymization is carried out that the data is segmented in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. The described processing of your data is carried out on the basis of the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to offer you improved advertisements which are personally customized to the user (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR). Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH erases your pseudonymous data after a period of 3 years or in accordance with the legal requirements, for example, as soon as the purpose for which it was collected no longer exists, and insofar that the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations. Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH does not use the results to restore a direct personal reference unless you have given a corresponding consent for advertising (Article 6 Para 1 lit. a GDPR).
Commissioning of processors: The personal data processed in the scope of the analysis activity for the purpose of developing new products and improving the existing products and services, and improving advertising is processed by us in Germany. For this purpose, we have commissioned Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google") and Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited with its registered office at 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Microsoft") as processors. An access to the personal data by both Google, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation, both based in the USA, cannot be excluded, which is why corresponding EU standard contractual clauses (agreements approved by the European Commission which ensure that the personal data has the same protection with regard to data processing in non-EU countries as it would in the EU) have been concluded. Google and Microsoft process your personal data exclusively on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions in the framework of an order processing agreement. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
X. B2B Partnershop
1) Registration Process
In order to get access to our B2B offers, it is necessary to register for a B2B account. This requires the prior registration of a natural
person who also acts as the administrator of the B2B account. For the registration of an administrator, we process personal data,
namely the administrator's email address, in order to be able to provide the contractual service (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf, especially for authentication purposes. Necessary Data Processing
Agreements and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
Once you have registered, we store your data for the duration of the contract or until the admin data is changed. If the registration
is not completed, we will store your data for 6 months after your last registration step, during which you can complete the
registration. If the registration is not completed within this period, your details and information will be deleted. You can start a new
registration at any time.
The provision of personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. Without it, however, we cannot offer you access to our
B2B services and registration.
2) Processing on Log Files
Whenever you use the Elli B2B Registration, your web browser automatically transmits certain information which is recorded by us
in so-called log files. Therefore, we process your personal data such as the type of web browser, the operating system used, the
domain name of your Internet service provider, your IP address, referrer URL and date and time of access.
We do not use your data to draw conclusions about your person. However, we reserve the right to check the server log files
retrospectively if there are concrete indications of illegal use.
The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 (1(f) GDPR in improving the stability and
functionality of our website.
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf, especially for authentication purposes. Necessary Data Processing
Agreements and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
Your personal data is stored for up to 7 days; in cases of security issues, we might store your data until the issue is resolved. The
provision of your personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. Without it, however, the functionality of our website and
sign-up process might be instable.
3) Customer service
You have the option of contacting us via the stored email address or telephone number and submitting an enquiry to us. In this
context, we process the information and data you provide (including personal data) in a ticket in order to contact you and process
your enquiry (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).Page 2 of 3
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf to provide customer service. Necessary Data Processing Agreements
and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
We process your personal data for as long as is necessary for the aforementioned purposes. We also delete personal data if we
are obliged to do so for other legal reasons. Applying these general principles, we delete personal data immediately after the legal
basis ceases to exist, if it is no longer required for the purposes stated or if the purposes stated cease to exist and if there is no
other legal basis (e.g. retention periods under commercial and tax law), otherwise after the other legal basis ceases to exist.
4) Service Providers
We use service providers to process personal data on our behalf to provide you with our services. Our processors are:
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Google Ireland Limited („Google“)
Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland
policies.google.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Management-Konsole für Hosting und Provisioning
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Netlight Consulting GmbH
Sternstraße 5, 80538 München, Deutschland
dataprotection@netlight.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
TNG Technology Consulting GmbH
Beta-Straße 13A, 85774 Unterföhring, Deutschland datenschutz@tngtech.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Comsysto Reply GmbH
Riesstraße 22, 80992 München, Deutschland kontakt.comsysto@reply.de
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Okta Inc. („Auth0“)
100 1st Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA
Processing activity of the contractor:
Authentifizierungsanbieter
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Volkswagen AG
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg
Processing activity of the contractor:
Kundenservice
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Majorel
Berlin GmbH
Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin
Processing activity of the contractor:
Kundenservice
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Salesforce.com, Inc
Processing activity of the contractor:
CRM
C. Use of cookies and tracking tools
General information
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses various cookies on its websites. Cookies are small files containing configuration information which are stored on your end device. Cookies can basically be divided into three categories. There are cookies which are indispensable for the functionality of the website (technically necessary cookies) as well as cookies on the basis of which a pseudonymized user profile is created (so-called analytics & marketing cookies).
The processing of functional cookies is necessary to enable you to visit the website (see Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR).
Analytics & marketing cookies are only used if the website visitor has consented for this (Article 6 Para 1 lit.a GDPR). Consent is provided with the help of the Cookie-Banner, which must be clicked on actively.
You can withdraw the consent to the displayed data processing via the use of cookies and tracking tools stated, at any point of time, with effect for the future by clicking on the following link and changing your existing preferences in our Cookie Consent Manager:
Cookie Consent Manager
.
You will find the exact list of the cookies used (company, name of the cookie, purpose of use and duration of storage) in the following and at the end of the respective passage (web performance and analysis as well as marketing).
Web performance and analysis
VW Group Charging GmbH uses this data to improve the performance of our website and services and to carry out analysis of the shopping experience with our apps and websites that is relevant to business.
Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. Website tags can be managed via an interface by this service. Google Tool Manager only implements tags. This means: Cookies are not used and personal data is not collected. Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which again collect data, if necessary. However, Google Tag Manger does not access this data. If a deactivation was carried out at domain or cookie level, then it continues to apply for all tracking tags, insofar as they are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Elli
elli_cookie_consent
This cookie is used to integrate consent system.
14 months
Elli
_cmpgurl
The cookie is set to store information about the referring campaign URL that the user used to visit the website.
30 minutes
Elli
_ref
This cookie is only set if the referral source is available and the referring website has additional campaign parameters in the URL. In this case, the referring URL is written to this cookie.
30 minutes
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis tool that is used for measuring onsite activities and sales data by VW Group Charging GmbH. This data is used to measure target groups and improve services offered by us to our customers and users online as well as offline. The analysis of functions that our customers use often helps us to understand better as to what the customers find useful. By doing this, we can ensure more relevant results and business decisions. The details of the technology used by our customers such as e.g. which app version or which browser they use, helps VW Group Charging GmbH to identify and resolve technical problems.
The USA is a country that does not offer appropriate protection for personal data in the sense of the EU Directive 2016/679. This implies, amongst other things, that the government authorities in the USA possibly have the right to access your data without you having effective legal remedies.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Purposes of data processing
This list represents the purposes of data collection and data processing.
Analysis
Improvement of on-site services (e.g. recommendation engine)
International data transfer
Technologies used
Cookies
SDK
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Time-related information (e.g. time of occurrence)
Shop information (e.g. country)
Page information (e.g. page type)
Product information (e.g. digital barcode)
Browser information (e.g. browser version)
Device information (e.g. advertising ID)
Purchase information (e.g. value of the shopping cart)
Payment information (e.g. payment method)
Marketing information (e.g. Ad Click ID)
Personal data (e.g. IP address or email address)
App data (e.g. installation date of the app)
Cookie Data (e.g. session ID)
Behavior-related data (e.g. browsing behavior)
Results (e.g. A/B test information)
Location information (e.g. city)
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Place of processing
United States of America and Ireland / European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased after 5 years
Data recipients
Alphabet Inc.
Click here to read the data processor's privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Google
_ga
This cookie is a Google Analytics persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_gid
The cookie is a Google Analytics cookie which is used to store information of how visitors use a website. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
24 hours
Google
_gac_gb_GTM-TD9J8WF
Contains campaign related information. If you have linked your Google Analytics and Google Ads accounts, Google Ads website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
90 days
Google
_gat_UA-171423853-29
This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and is used to limit the speed of the request – limitation.
1 minute
Google
_ga_G1Y6SGJNN2
This cookie is a GA4 persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_ga_XC4B9NNKVY
This cookie is a GA4 persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_gcl_au
This cookie stores information of ad clicks i.e. conversion data to attribute it outside of the website.
3 month
Leadinfo
For the collection and processing of IP addresses of business customers, we use the technology of the service provider leadinfo, Hauptstr. 1, 10000 Berlin, with whom we have concluded a contract for the processing of orders. This function is only activated after your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1. lit. a DSGVO).
Marketing
VW Group Charging GmbH collects user journey data to show sponsored contents regarding our products to our customers. In order to select relevant contents for our customers, we use information about the previous purchases and interactions of our customers with the webpage. Wherever possible, we link this data across devices and process data about the displayed advertisement (e.g. whether our customer has clicked an advertisement and purchases something at the end). This helps us to measure the efficiency of our advertisements and simplify the advertising accounting for us.
Google Ads
Description of the service
This is a conversion marketing service for measuring the success of advertising campaigns.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Optimization
Advertisements
Conversion tracking
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Cookie ID
Click path
Date and time of the visit
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Device information
IP address
Information about the operating system
Referrer URL
Web query
Browser information
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
United States of America, Chile, Singapore, Taiwan
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Alphabet Inc.
Google LLC
Google Ireland Limited
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en-US
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 1 year
Non-cookie storage: no
DoubleClick Floodlight
Description of the service
This is a conversion tracking service by Google.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following:
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?hl=en
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Conversion tracking
Marketing
Optimization
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Local storage
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Click path
Cookie ID
IP address
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Number of visits
Pages visited
Transactions
Use data
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
United States of America, Singapore, Chile, Taiwan
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Alphabet Inc.
Google LLC
Google Ireland Limited
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 30 days
Non-cookie storage: no
Facebook pixels
Description of the service
This is a tracking technology offered by Facebook and used by other Facebook services such as Facebook Custom Audiences.
Processing company
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Marketing
Retargeting
Tracking
Advertisements
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Viewed advertisements
Viewed content
Device Information
Geographical location
HTTP header
Interactions with advertisements, services and products
IP address
Items clicked
Marketing information
Non-confidential user-defined data
Pages visited
Pixel ID
Referrer URL
Success of marketing campaigns
Use data
User behavior
Facebook cookie information
Facebook user ID
Use/Click behavior
Browser information
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased after 720 days at the latest.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
Singapore, United Kingdom, United States of America
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., Meta Platforms Inc.
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 1 year
Non-cookie storage: no
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Meta Platforms, Inc.
tr
Used by Facebook to display a range of advertising products, for example real-time bids from third party advertisers.
Session
Microsoft Advertising
Description of the service
This is a conversion tracking and advertising service.
Processing company
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, United States of America
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://aka.ms/privacyresponse
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Remarketing
Conversions
Optimization
Universal event tracking
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Local storage
Web beacons
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Items clicked
Click path
Cookie ID
IP address
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Number of visits
Pages visited
Transactions
Use data
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
Worldwide
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Microsoft Corporation
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Microsoft
_uetsid
This cookie is used by Microsoft Bing Ads to collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website.
24 hours
Microsoft
_uetvid
This is a cookie utilised by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website.
1 year
TVSquared
Purpose and use of the TVSquared tracking code:
We use the TVSquared tracking code to analyze user behavior on our website and to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns. This analysis helps us continuously improve our offers and advertising efforts.
The following data can be collected and processed using the TVSquared tracking code:
IP address: To uniquely identify users.
Browser information: Type and version of the browser and operating system.
Usage behavior: Pages visited, time spent, interactions.
Referral sources: Information on how users arrived at our website (e.g., via search engines or external links).
The data collected by the TVSquared tracking code is transmitted to TVSquared Inc., a company based in the USA. TVSquared Inc. processes this data in accordance with contractual agreements with us and in compliance with applicable data protection regulations.
The storage duration of the individual cookies can be found in the cookie listing below.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
TVSquared
_pk_uid
Enables the InnovidXP tracker to identify individual users, determine delays between response activities, and confirm the continuity of campaigns responded to.
2 years
TVSquared
_pk_id or _tq_id
Supports reporting on site visits and actions for analytical reporting to Innovid.
2 years
TVSquared
_pk_ses
Confirms a single user for a single session, i.e., how long the user stays on the site.
30 minutes
Chatbot ISA
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Heidelberger Services AG
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic on the website across multiple servers to optimize response times.
Session
Heidelberger Services AG
ARRAffinitySameSite
Used to distribute traffic on the website across multiple servers to optimize response times.
Session
Heidelberger Services AG
hsag_variable_userId
Used to assign a chat activity to a specific conversation.
1 year
D. Your rights
You can assert your rights below against Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any point of time free of charge. You will find information about exercising your rights in Section E.
Right of access:
You have the right to receive information from us regarding the processing of your personal data (Article 15 GDPR).
Right to rectification:
You have the right to request that we rectify incorrect or incomplete personal data concerning you (Article 16 GDPR).
Right to erasure:
Provided that the requirements set out in Article 17 GDPR are met, you have the right to request erasure of your data. Accordingly, you may request erasure of your data, for example, provided that it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected. You can also request erasure if we process your data on the basis of your consent and you withdraw this consent.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to request restriction of the processing of your data if the requirements of Article 18 GDPR are met. This is the case, for example, if you dispute the accuracy of your data. You can then request restriction of processing for the duration of verification of the accuracy of the data.
Right to object:
If processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, then you have the right to object to the processing of your data. An objection is admissible if the processing is done either in the public interest or on the basis of a legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH or a third party. In the event of an objection, we request that you inform us of the reason for which you object to data processing.
You also have the right to object to data processing for the purposes of direct advertising. This also applies for profiling, insofar as this is in connection with direct advertising.
Right to data portability:
Insofar as the data processing is carried out on the basis of consent or performance of a contract and this is done using automated processing, then you have the right to receive your data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transfer it to another data processor.
Right of withdrawal:
If data processing is based on consent, then you have the right to withdraw the consent free of charge at any time with effect for the future.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (e.g. the State Data Protection Officer for Berlin) regarding our processing of your data.
E. Your contact
Contact details data protection officer
You can contact our data protection team at any time to assert your rights or for questions regarding the processing of your personal data:
info-datenschutz@elli.eco
PROLIANCE GmbH
www.datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
When contacting the data protection officer, please name Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH as the company to which your inquiry relates. Please refrain from enclosing sensitive information such as a copy of an ID card with your inquiry.