Privacy Policy
Welcome to use the services provided by Translation Book (us)! We attach great importance to the protection of your privacy and personal information. You can use our services for text translation, voice translation, photo translation, etc.
This privacy policy is designed to help you understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and how we protect it. We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy, but will not collect all of your personal information in a mandatory manner just because you authorize and agree to this Privacy Policy. We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and obtain your separate consent in specific circumstances.
You have the right to know and make decisions, and have the right to restrict or refuse us or other parties from processing your personal information. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our services in order to make appropriate choices.
Scope of application
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our application (the “Application”).
Information collected
We will collect and use your information in accordance with the principles of lawfulness, legitimacy and necessity. Specifically, we collect and process your information to provide you with corresponding business functions.
You need to provide us with personal information for us to implement the basic business functions of Baidu Translation. To facilitate your understanding, we list the business functions, processing purposes and required information provided by us as follows:
1. Your device information, such as your device model, operating system version and device unique identifier.
2. Translate information
In order to fulfill network security obligations and Internet information content management responsibilities stipulated in laws and regulations, and to display more relevant content to you, our server will automatically record your activity information in accordance with the law, including the translated text keyword information you entered; you Other log information;
3. Voice translation information
If you use the voice translation service, we will apply for microphone permissions on your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your voice information in order to obtain the spoken voice for translation. If you stop our collection of your microphone information, you may not be able to use the above-mentioned related services or functions based on the microphone information.
4.Photo translation function
If you use the photo translation service, we will apply for camera permissions on your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your photo information so that it can be used for translation of the photos.
If you stop our collection of your camera information, you may not be able to use the above-mentioned related services or functions based on the camera information.
5. In the following situations, the collection and use of personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
Directly related to national security and national defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which the individual is a party;
Necessary to perform legal duties or legal obligations;
In response to public health emergencies, or when necessary to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
To protect your or other individuals' life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
Collect information that you have disclosed to the public on your own or that has been legally disclosed by others within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations;
Other situations specified by laws and regulations.
Purpose of information collection
Ensure service security, optimize and improve services.
Information storage and processing
We will save your information for the period required to provide services. We will collect, use, store and transmit user information based on the "minimization" principle, and inform you of the purpose and scope of use of relevant information through the user agreement and privacy policy.
We take information security very seriously. Adopt appropriate security measures and technical means that comply with industry standards to store and protect your information to prevent your information from being lost, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, damage, loss or leakage. We will take all reasonably feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks.
We remind you that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. Due to technological limitations and rapid development in the Internet industry, as well as various possible malicious attack methods, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information.
How we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and Anonymous Identifier Tools. Cookies are a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client. When you use our products or services, we will send one or more Cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, the site name, and some numbers and characters. Using Cookie technology, we can understand your usage habits, remember your preferences, save you the step of entering repeated information, and provide you with more thoughtful services.
How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
1. Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. Only to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy policy, we may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and we will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Unless otherwise authorized by you or otherwise required by laws and regulations, our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
2. We will not transfer your information to any company, organization or individual other than us, except in the following circumstances: obtaining your explicit authorization or consent in advance; meeting the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial ruling;
If we or our affiliates are involved in a transaction such as a merger, spin-off, liquidation, acquisition or sale of assets or business, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transaction.
3. We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
Obtain your separate consent;
Based on laws, regulations, legal procedures, litigation or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
4. In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing information do not require prior authorization and consent from the personal information subject:
Directly related to national security and national defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which the individual is a party;
Necessary to perform legal duties or legal obligations;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests.
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
To protect the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will process within a reasonable scope personal information that individuals disclose themselves or that have been legally disclosed by others, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
Situations otherwise provided for by laws and administrative regulations.
Your rights
You have the right to access, correct, delete or restrict our processing of your information. You can also withdraw your consent and ask us to transfer your information to another company. To exercise these rights, please contact us.
How to handle the personal information of minors
We take the protection of minors' information very seriously. We will only process the personal information of minors as permitted by laws and regulations and with the consent of parents or other guardians.
If you are a minor under the age of 18, before using our services, you should ask your parents or other guardians to read this privacy policy carefully, or read this privacy policy together under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians. And use our products and services or provide information to us with the consent of your parent or other guardian.
If we discover that we have collected personal information from minors under the age of 18 without first obtaining verifiable parental or other guardian consent, we will take steps to delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
Revisions to Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy may change. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact zhaojingyu233@163.com.