Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AppTwigs Team built the Toon AI app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by AppTwigs Team at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Toon AI unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Photos. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Collection
We collect information from you when you use our services, including photos. We also collect information about the way our users spend time on the app. You may upload photos containing your facial data, but we will not collect your facial data.
* We analyze your photos. We do not collect facial data. After the analysis process, all data will be deleted and no data will be saved.
* the complete process is:
(1) You submit the selected photo to our server in an encrypted way;
(2) The server analyzes the photo and applies it to the template you choose;
(3) After the generation is completed, the server returns the final picture to you through the application;
Facial Feature Data Policy
Our application does not store any facial data on our servers. Any photos provided by users, including facial data and avatar photos generated through artificial intelligence training, are not shared with third parties and are not stored on our servers. User-provided photos are deleted after the generation process is complete.
Your facial feature data is stored on Toon AI only for the purpose of creating the photo and is deleted immediately after. However, anonymous, aggregated, or de-identified data will be stored for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We do not rent, sell, or share your facial data, including photos and videos, with any third parties outside of the Company or its affiliates.
Toon AI does not control the actions of third-party platforms, websites, or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. These platforms, websites, and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. Toon AI encourages you to read the privacy policies of these platforms, websites, and online services to find out more about how your usage data may be used by these vendors.
Use
Our use of this data is limited to the exclusive purpose of improving our services for our users. For example, the facial feature data we collect is vital for the generation of the final Toon AI animation. App usage data is used for the exclusive purpose of better understanding the manner in which users spend time in the Toon AI app, so that we may improve our app experience.
Disclosure & Sharing
We will not share your face data or photo with any third party, nor will we store any face information you submit, and the photos you upload will be deleted after the analysis process is complete.
Toon AI does not control third-party platforms, websites, or online services, and Toon AI is not responsible for their actions. These platforms, websites, and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. Toon AI encourages you to read the privacy policies of these platforms, websites, and online services to find out more about how your usage data may be used by these vendors.
Security
Toon AI processes your data using computers and/or other IT enabled tools. Toon AI takes technical and organizational measures to ensure the information is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of information, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction, or damage. For example, Toon AI uses verified contractors that might have access to the data as specified in Section 2 of the Privacy Policy with which the relevant data processing agreements are signed. We also guide and train our personnel to process your data securely according to our internal data protection policies.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2024-05-06
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
info@apptwigs.com
Couple Script & Couple Decision
AppTwigs built the Couple Decision and
Couple Script
app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by AppTwigs and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Couple Decision
and
Couple Script
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Flurry Analytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-07-27
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@apptwigs.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it