Privacy Policy
We do not collect any personally identifiable information.
This privacy policy is effective on January 19, 2024
HOW DO WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION?
Our primary goals in collecting information areto provide and improve our Services, toadminister your use of the Services (includingyour Account, if you are an Account holder),and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigateour Services.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
When using application, we ask certaininformation from you, We don't collect anypersonal data, except that we use 3rd partystatics sdk for stat purpose, such as youriPhone's system version, system languagecoarse geolocation information and for nonpersonalinformation about screens viewedand actions taken within our mobile
applications.We use this data to enhance andmprove our applications.
COOKIES
We may collect certain information through theuse of
“
cookies,
”
which are small text files thatare saved by your browser when you accessour Services.We may use both session
cookies and persistent cookies to identify thatyou've logged in to the Services and to tell ushow and when you interact with our ServicesWe may also use cookies to monitor aggregateusage and web traffic routing on our Servicesand to customize and improve our Services.Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies aredeleted when you log off from the Servicesand close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change vour browser options to stopautomatically accepting cookies or to promptyou before accepting cookies. Please note,however, that if you don't accept cookies, youmay not be able to access all portions orfeatures of the Services. Some third-partyservices providers that we engage may alsoplace their own cookies on your browser. Notethat this Privacy Policy covers only our use ofcookies and does not include use of cookiesby such third parties.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
As we mentioned above we may provide linksand/or connections to third-party web sites olservices from our website and our mobileapplications.Any information that you provideon or to a third-party website or service isprovided directly to the owner of the websiteor service and is subject to that party's privacypolicy We are not responsible for the privacypractices or content of these third-partysites.To protect your information, we adviseyou to check their terms of use and privacypolicies to find out how they are treating yourpersonal information.
ANALYTICS
We may use Firebase, a third party service provider, to monitor and analyze usage of our services.
POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN
The Service is not directed to children underthe age of 13 and we do not knowingly collectPll from children under 13. If we learn that wehave collected PIl of a child under 13 we willtake steps to delete such information from ourfiles as soon as possible. Minors may use ourApplication only with the assistance of a parentor quardian.Under no circumstance personsunder the age of 13 may use this Application.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time totime. Thus, you are advised to review this pageperiodically for any changes. We will notify youof any changes by posting the new PrivacyPolicy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 16.11.2023
Q1: What facial data does your app collect?
The collection of face data only occurs when using the passport photo generation function. To use this function, you simply need to upload a photo or selfie to the service.
Q2: How to use the collected facial data? Provide a complete and clear explanation of all intended uses of this data.
Please note that the facial data is solely used to provide the ID photo generation function within the service. It is not used to identify individual users or for marketing purposes, nor is it used to create user profiles or encourage third parties to do so. We do not transfer, share, sell, or provide your facial data to any third parties, including advertising platforms, analytics providers, data brokers, or information resellers.
Q3: Will the data be shared with any third parties? Where will this information be stored?
Additionally, we do not store your facial data, so you can rest assured that your information is safe with us.
Q4: How long will facial data be retained?
Don't worry, we'll only keep your input temporarily on our servers and it will be permanently deleted once we've successfully generated your ID photo.
Q5:  Where in your privacy policy do you explain your app’s collection, use, disclosure, sharing and retention of facial data? Identify the specific section of the privacy policy where this information resides.
According to our Face Data Policy
Collection,face data is only collected when utilizing the ID photo generation function. In order to use this function, it is necessary to upload a photo or selfie to the service.
Your submission will be temporarily stored on our servers and permanently deleted from our servers once the ID photo has been successfully generated.
Use, transfer and sharing
We use your facial data only to provide you with the ID photo generation function in the Service. We do not use your facial data to identify individual users or for marketing purposes. We do not use your facial data to build user profiles or otherwise attempt, facilitate or encourage any third party to do so. Our policy is to not transfer, share, sell or provide facial data to any third parties, including advertising platforms, analytics providers, data brokers, and information resellers.
contact us
If you have any questions that you need to contact us for help, please send an email to this email:
Support@promaxmobi.com