Privacy policy
The provision of your personal data on our website implies that you are aware of and accept the conditions of our privacy policy, so it is very important that you read this policy with the utmost attention.
Chevron down
Who is responsible for collecting and processing data?
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., is the entity responsible for collecting and processing personal data, and may, within the scope of its activity, use entities subcontracted by itself for the purposes listed within this privacy policy.
Chevron down
Who is in charge of data protection?
The Data Protection Officer is Protect Data (Best Privacy Consulting Unipessoal Limitada), represented by Ana Fazendeiro, who can be contacted at the following email address: privacy@cityrama.pt.
Chevron down
What is personal data?
Personal data is any information of any nature and regardless of its format, including sound and image, relating to an identified or identifiable individual. Any person, who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more specific elements of his / her physical, physiological, psychic, economic, cultural or social identity, is considered to be identifiable.
Chevron down
What personal data is collected and processed?
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., collects and processes, among others, the following personal data: name, telephone number and e-mail address.
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A, assumes that the data was supplied by its holder or that authorisation was given for the effect, and assumes that data is genuine and up to date.
Chevron down
How is your data collected?
Personal data may be collected via the following means:
a) Emails;
b) Websites;
c) Phone calls;
d) In person;
e) Through applications (“apps”) installed on mobile devices.
The data collected is processed and stored in a computer, in strict compliance with personal data protection legislation. The databases were created specifically for this purpose by Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A, or by the entities it subcontracted.
On our website there are fields for the insertion of personal data that are mandatory. In case of a lack or insufficiency of this data, the company Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., may not be able to provide the services or information requested. In each specific case, Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., will inform what personal data is mandatory.
Chevron down
What is the data collected used for?
Your data will be inserted into a personal data file that Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S. A., can use for the following purposes:
a) Recruitment;
b) Address book;
c) Profile updates;
d) Sending newsletters;
e) User opinions;
f) Suggestions and complaints;
(g) Requests for quotes;
h) Advertising on our media platforms;
i) Buying transport tickets / passes;
j) Signing up for transport cards;
k) Electronic invoicing;
l) Profiling;
m) Lost and found;
n) Compliance with other legal or regulatory obligations;
o) Conducting market studies, evaluation surveys and statistical analyses.
To carry out the above-mentioned actions, Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A, may proceed with the interconnection of the data collected, with the purpose of updating and completing such data.
Chevron down
What is the consensus for processing data?
The data processing associated with the purposes of points a), d), and l) is based on consent, as is the use of data for direct marketing that may be associated with purposes i) and j).
The data processing associated with the purposes of points b), c), e), g), h), i), j), k) and m) is based on the contractual relationship established between the holder and the company.
The data processing associated with the purposes f) (suggestions and complaints) and n) (compliance with other legal or regulatory obligations) is based on compliance with legal obligations.
Chevron down
With whom is your data shared?
The data collected and stored by Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., may be transmitted, with due regard for the duty of confidentiality and the principle of the purpose that led to its collection, to the following entities:
a) Entities of the group to which Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S. A., belongs:
b) Judicial or administrative authorities, in cases where such assignment is mandatory;
c) Recruitment and selection companies;
d) Subcontractors who will process the data on behalf of Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., and for the purposes determined by it.
Chevron down
"COOKIES"
“Cookies” are small data filed that can help identify your browser and can store information relating to, for example, user settings and preferences.
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., may store cookies on your device to personalise and facilitate browsing as much as possible, but will not provide those cookies, referrals or personal data.
Chevron down
What are your rights?
Under the terms of the Personal Data Protection Law, Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S. A., guarantees the right of access, updating, rectification, elimination, portability and erasure of your personal data.
It also gives you the right to object to the data provided being used for marketing purposes, sending of informational communications, or for inclusion on lists or information services. If you did not exercise this at the time of data collection, you can send a request later.
The exercise of these rights must be done through the following e-mail address – privacidad@cityrama.pt – or to the physical address Av. João XXI, n.º 78E, 1000-304 Lisboa.
Chevron down
For how long is your data stored?
The length of time for which the data is stored and kept varies according to the purpose for which the information is processed. Where there is no specific legal requirement, data shall be stored and retained only for the minimum period necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or later processed, after which time the data shall be deleted.
Chevron down
Is your data safe?
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., is committed to ensuring the protection of the security of your data. To that end, it has adopted a number of technical and organisational security measures to protect the personal data made available to us, against dissemination, loss, misuse, alteration, treatment or unauthorised access, as well as against any other form of illicit treatment. Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., requires its subcontractors and its partners to adopt safety measures equivalent to those it practices.
Notwithstanding the security measures practiced by Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., the user must take additional security measures, namely to ensure that they use up-to-date security equipment and a properly configured firewall, antivirus and anti-spyware, ensure the authenticity of the websites visited on the internet, and avoid websites whose reputation is questionable.
Chevron down
Communication
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., concedes it could disclose user data in the scope of mergers, acquisition and / or incorporation processes in which it is involved, without considering this disclosure as a transfer of data to third parties, nor is there any subcontracted treatment.
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A, may also transmit data to third parties in the context of investigations, inquiries and judicial and / or administrative proceedings or of a similar nature, provided that it is duly instructed by judicial order accordingly.
Chevron down
Transfer of data
In case of data transfers to third countries that do not belong to the European Union or the European Economic Area, Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., will comply with the law, in particular with regard the suitability of the country of destination for the protection of personal data and the requirements that apply to such transfers, and verify that personal data is not transferred to jurisdictions that do not provide security and protection guarantees.
Chevron down
Changes to the privacy policy
Citirama Viagens e Turismo, S.A., reserves the right at any time to make adjustments or changes to this privacy policy, and these changes are duly published on this site.
Questions
ANY QUESTIONS?
(Required)
EMAIL
(Required)
ACCORDING TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION LAW, WE INFORM THAT YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL BE INCLUDED IN OUR INTERNAL DATA FILE FOR THE PURPOSE OF MANAGING YOUR SUBJECT.
(Required)
Agree
Disagree
CAPTCHA
Comments
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ