FIREHYDRANT, INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
FireHydrant, Inc. (“
FireHydrant
,” “
we
,” “
our
,” or “
us
”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how FireHydrant collects, uses, discloses, and secures information about you through https://www.firehydrant.io (as may be updated, relocated, or otherwise modified from time to time) along with our related websites, networks, applications, mobile applications, our electronic communications, including email and text messages, and other services provided by us (collectively, the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
In providing the Service, we collect and obtain information about our users (“End Users”) to, among other things, help End Users and their organizations monitor and respond to incidents affecting their products and services (including site outages and data security incidents).
Information We Collect.
FireHydrant collects information from and about End Users in a variety of ways. This information includes:
Information You Provide.
We collect information you provide when you use the Service or otherwise communicate with us. If you register an account with us, we will collect the information you provide, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, login credentials and authentication information, and payment data (including your credit card number). We will also collect any information you submit through your use of the Service. For example, if you are an End User, the information you provide can include your communications with our customer-support team.
Device and Usage Information.
Like most online services, we automatically receive standard technical information when you interact with the Service, including browser and device information such as unique device identifiers, mobile phone carrier, internet protocol (IP) addresses (which may identify your general geographic location), browser types, and the date and time of your interactions. We also receive information about your interactions with our Service, such as which website pages you visited and how much time was spent on the page. We may collect and analyze this information through our third-party service providers.
We may collect this information using cookies or similar technologies. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on the hard drive or memory of your device. Cookies enable us to personalize your experience on the Service, maintain a persistent session, passively collect demographic information, and monitor advertisements and other activities. The Service may use different kinds of cookies and other types of local storage (such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage).
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information about End Users from third parties and other sources, including public databases or joint marketing partners. This information may include social media profile information, marketing leads, and information related to search results and links.
How We Use Your Information.
We use information in a variety of ways to provide the Service and to operate our business, including the following:
Service-Related Usage.
We use the information we collect about and from you for a number of purposes, including providing and supporting the Service, analyzing how you use the Service, and better tailoring features.
Communications.
We use your information to communicate with you for Service-related purposes. For example, we may send email to the email address you provide to us, or text messages, to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, system maintenance, and other Service-related purposes.
Improve the Service.
We use the information that we collect: (1) to understand and analyze usage trends and preferences; (2) to monitor and analyze the effectiveness of the Service; and (3) to improve the Service and develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
Marketing.
As permitted by applicable law, we may use information we collect about and from you for marketing purposes, such as providing you with promotional materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you. Where required under applicable law, we’ll obtain your prior opt-in consent to send you electronic marketing communications.
How We Share Your Information.
We may share, transfer, or disclose your information if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
Approved Persons.
The Service may allow End Users to share information collected with explicitly designated third parties, including other End Users.
Service Providers.
We share information with third parties who provide services to us, such as payment processing, analytics, website management, information technology, and other similar service providers.
Comply with Legal Requirements.
We may disclose your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate to: (1) comply with applicable law and legal processes; (2) respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (3) enforce our legal agreements; (4) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (5) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Corporate Transactions.
We reserve the right to transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
Aggregate, De-Identified Information.
We may use your data to create aggregate or statistical information that does not directly identify a specific person, and we may share that information. For example, we may share anonymous and aggregated reports and information on user demographics and traffic patterns with third parties.
Information Security.
We take steps in an effort to treat your information securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Retention of Customer Personal Data.
We keep Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is longer.
Return or Deletion of Customer Personal Data.
Company will return or delete, at Customer’s choice and written request, Customer Personal Data to Customer after the end of the provision of Services relating to the Processing, and delete existing copies except to the extent applicable law requires otherwise.
Children’s Privacy.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 18 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 18. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at the contact information listed below. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 18, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
International Users.
The Service is intended for users located within the United States. We make no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Access to the Service from countries or territories or by individuals where such access is illegal is prohibited. If you are visiting our website from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information to the website, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Choices.
If you do not want the Service to collect information through the use of cookies, your browser may allow you to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and restrict or disable certain cookies. Each browser is different, so you should check your browser’s “Help” menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Please be aware that if you disable or reject cookies, some features may not work properly.
You can opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email you receive.
California law requires us to disclose how we respond to web browser Do Not Track signals. Because there currently isn’t an industry or legal standard for responding to Do Not Track signals, we do not respond to them at this time.
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us as described below.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us at support@firehydrant.io or by writing to us at:
FireHydrant, Inc.
      224 W 35th St Ste 500
      New York, NY 10001
      United States
Privacy Policy Updates.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we use or share the information previously collected from you through the Service, we will give you the opportunity to consent to such changes before applying them to that information.