Privacy Policy
Last Updated On 20-Apr-2023
Effective Date 20-Apr-2023
This Privacy Policy describes the policies of

    Jimber,
    Patotterijstraat 76, Waasmunster,
    Oost-Vlaanderen
    9250,
    Belgium,
    email: info@jimber.io,
    phone: +3250697744

    on the collection,
    use and disclosure of your information that we collect
    when you use our website ( jimber.io ).
    (the “Service”). By accessing or using
    the
    Service, you are consenting to the collection, use and
    disclosure of your information in accordance with this
    Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the same,
    please do not access or use the Service.
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time without
    any prior notice to you and will post the revised
    Privacy Policy on the Service. The revised Policy will
    be effective 180 days from when the
    revised Policy is posted in the Service and your
    continued access or use of the Service after such time
    will constitute your acceptance of the revised Privacy
    Policy. We therefore recommend that you periodically
    review this page.
How We Use Your Information:
We will use the information that we collect
            about you for the following purposes:
Marketing/ Promotional
Customer feedback collection
Support
Targeted advertising
If we want to use your information for any other
            purpose, we will ask you for consent and will
            use your information only on receiving your
            consent and then, only for the purpose(s) for
            which grant consent unless we are required to do
            otherwise by law.
How We Share Your Information:
We will not transfer your personal information
            to any third party without seeking your consent,
            except in limited circumstances as described
            below:
Ad service
Analytics
Data collection & process
We require such third party’s to use the
            personal information we transfer to them only
            for the purpose for which it was transferred and
            not to retain it for longer than is required for
            fulfilling the said purpose.
We may also disclose your personal information
            for the following: (1) to comply with applicable
            law, regulation, court order or other legal
            process; (2) to enforce your agreements with us,
            including this Privacy Policy; or (3) to respond
            to claims that your use of the Service violates
            any third-party rights. If the Service or our
            company is merged or acquired with another
            company, your information will be one of the
            assets that is transferred to the new owner.
Your Rights:
Depending on the law that applies, you may have
            a right to access and rectify or erase your
            personal data or receive a copy of your personal
            data, restrict or object to the active
            processing of your data, ask us to share (port)
            your personal information to another entity,
            withdraw any consent you provided to us to
            process your data, a right to lodge a complaint
            with a statutory authority and such other rights
            as may be relevant under applicable laws. To
            exercise these rights, you can write to us at
            info@jimber.io.
            We will respond to your
            request in accordance with applicable law.
You may opt-out of direct marketing
            communications or the profiling we carry out for
            marketing purposes by writing to us at
            info@jimber.io.
Do note that if you do not allow us to collect
            or process the required personal information or
            withdraw the consent to process the same for the
            required purposes, you may not be able to access
            or use the services for which your information
            was sought.
Cookies Etc.
To learn more about how we use these
            and your choices in relation to these tracking
            technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy.
Security:
The security of your information is important to
            us and we will use reasonable security measures
            to prevent the loss, misuse or unauthorized
            alteration of your information under our
            control. However, given the inherent risks, we
            cannot guarantee absolute security and
            consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the
            security of any information you transmit to us
            and you do so at your own risk.
Third Party Links & Use Of Your Information:
Our Service may contain links to other websites
            that are not operated by us. This Privacy Policy
            does not address the privacy policy and other
            practices of any third parties, including any
            third party operating any website or service
            that may be accessible via a link on the
            Service. We strongly advise you to review the
            privacy policy of every site you visit. We have
            no control over and assume no responsibility for
            the content, privacy policies or practices of
            any third party sites or services.
Grievance / Data Protection Officer:
If you have any queries or concerns about the
            processing of your information that is available
            with us, you may email our Grievance Officer at
            Jimber,
            Patotterijstraat 76, Waasmunster,
            email: info@jimber.io.
            We will address your concerns in accordance with applicable law.
Privacy Policy generated with
CookieYes
.
Find out how we can protect your business
In our demo call we’ll show you how our technology works and how it can help you secure your data from cyber threats.
Get a demo
Contact us
Are you an integrator or distributor?
Need an affordable cybersecurity solution for your customers?
We’d love to help you get your customers on board.
Explore our partnerships
White glove onboarding
Team trainings
Dedicated customer service rep
Invoices for each client
Security and Privacy guaranteed