Privacy Policy
Introduction
LBCompanjen built their apps as Ad Supported apps. This SERVICE is provided by LBCompanjen at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
Information We Collect
We ask for and collect personal information about you when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, including but not limited to Authorization and/or Account Information, Content Information, and Device Identifiers.
How We Use Your Information
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. The information we collect is used to make our service available, improve, test, monitor the effectiveness of our App, provide you with interest-based advertising, communicate with you, and prevent fraud and spam.
How We Share Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. This may include sharing information with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, scripts to collect information about how you use our App and provide features to you. We also allow third-party ad networks to use cookies to deliver targeted advertisements.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us: If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at luca.companjen@gmail.com.