This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect and use the personal data you provide through the Services. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Data and how you can access the information. We respect your privacy and we take protecting it seriously.
By getting access to the Website/app or using it, you authorize us to process your personal data according to the terms of the Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions, and (i) consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time, as well as the Service Terms and Conditions also located on the Website; (ii) consent to the collection and use of information to this Privacy Policy, (iii) warrant and guarantee that you are over the age of 18 (eighteen) years and capable of entering into the contractual relationships.
You can opt-out of our data requests or not accept our Privacy Policy, but you should understand that in this case, we may not be able to provide certain services, and you cannot use our Website/App.
We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at its discretion from time to time. The changes can be tracked on this Website. Your subsequent use of our Website/App constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
This Privacy Policy should be read together with our Terms of Use.
1.GENERAL INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy applies to the following people:
- people who visit/use our Website/App for this Policy, We define the term “User”, “you”, "your", and "yours" as any person who visits our Website and has or intends to have access to our Services;
- people who connect with Us by email.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICE
Each time you log into and/or use our Service we automatically collect information about your activity, which we use to continually customize our Service, analyze technology performance, and refine our private communications with you. This information may include the following:
Log Information:
We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser that you use; the time, duration and frequency of your access; Services pages viewed; your IP address; and the page you visited before visiting our Services.
Device Information:
We collect information about the mobile device that you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Learning Activity:
As a core part of our product offering, we store information about your study frequency and your progress toward learning various subjects. If you share content you have created with other users, we may collect information about their learning activity as well.
Web and Mobile Usage Analytics:
We may use internal or third-party analytics technologies, such as Google Analytics, to track your activity such as page views, clicks, time on page, and other standard usage information. The security of this information is guaranteed by our third-party analytics partners.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We and our service providers collect information using various technologies, including cookies and pixel tags (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels). Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, and track usage of our Services. Pixel tags are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails, and track usage of our Services and the effectiveness of communications. Most web browsers enable you to disable Cookies, but such actions may limit or prohibit the product from functioning properly.
Other Information:
With your specific permission, we may collect other information from your device, such as name, email, etc.
3. LAWFUL BASIS OF DATA PROCESSING
Under Art. 6 of the GDPR, we only process personal data, where we have a lawful basis for doing so.
The processing of Personal Data is based on a legitimate interest (Art. 6 (1) lit. (f) GDPR) and is performed only for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy - To contact you about, and conduct, surveys or polls you choose to take part in and to analyze the data collected for market research purposes.
The processing of Personal Data is based on consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. (a) GDPR) and is performed only for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy - to provide a greater and better experience with Us and other related purposes, which is described in detail in this Privacy Policy, in particular, to personalize your experience with our Service and for marketing and promotion of our Services or related products, including those of a third party’s products which are related to our Services.
4. THE PURPOSE OF DATA PROCESSING
We may use the data collected from you for a variety of purposes, primarily, relating to providing our Services and information about our Services. We may also use the information for such other purposes as otherwise allowed by law. We may use your personal data for such purposes, including, but not limited to:
provide access to Website/App;
provide a greater and better experience using the Website/App;
personalize your experience with our Service;
contact you and analyze the data collected for market research purposes;
conduct internal research and development and to improve, test, and enhance the features and functions of our Service;
any other purpose as we determine, in our sole discretion, to be necessary or required to ensure the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third parties, public, and/or our Services, or to comply with requirements of any applicable law.
We will only use your Personal data for the purposes for which it was collected unless it reasonably considers that it is needed to be used for another reason that is compatible with the original purpose. If We need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, We will notify you, ask permission and explain the legal basis, that allows Us to do so.
5. CONSENT TO PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
By expression of consent of this Privacy Policy, you approve to have reached the age of majority or the legal age in your jurisdiction (generally 18 or older), are solely responsible for all your actions, and fully understand the statements outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We process the Personal Data of EU residents, as required by the GDPR, only on the basis of a free, specific, informed, and unambiguous expression of your will, by which you confirm your consent to the processing of your Personal Data (“Consent”).
You may express your consent by checking the appropriate pop-up box on the Website. If you check the box, you irrevocably and unconditionally agree that we have the right to process your personal data in the manner specified with your Consent.
Your Consent covers all processing activities with your Personal Data carried out for the same purpose or purposes. When the processing has multiple purposes, your Consent should be deemed given for all of them.
If you are not an EU Person, by transferring to Us your Personal Data via the Website or otherwise, you irrevocably and unconditionally consent and agree that We shall be entitled, in accordance with this Policy:
to process in any manner, including to collect, store, use, disclose, share and transfer (including cross-border), your Personal Data so provided to Us, as well as your Personal Data collected from your use of the Service (i.e. your Personal Data which We collect automatically and/or from other sources); and
to use cookies to collect your Personal Data.
We process information on servers in many countries around the world, and you consent to your Personal Data being processed on a server located outside the country in which you reside. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). However, We have taken appropriate precautions to require that your Personal Data remain protected according to this Privacy Policy.
6. THE RIGHTS OF USERS
Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject under the GDPR, you may have certain rights regarding the Personal Data that we collect on you.
Under Chapter 3 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the rights of the data subjects include the following:
Right to access.
You may contact us to get confirmation as to whether or not we are processing your Personal Data. We will inform You upon You request of what categories of Personal Data we process regarding You, the processing purposes, the categories of recipients to whom personal data have been or will be disclosed, and the envisaged storage period or criteria to determine that period;
Right to Rectification.
We put the best efforts to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your Personal Data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which it was collected. If your Personal Data that was provided to us was inaccurate or incomplete, you can always correct and update it at any time by contacting Us. However, we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect;
Right to withdraw consent.
You may withdraw the consent at any time by contacting us. You can withdraw your consent at any time by replying to the email with your withdrawal and your Personal Data will be deleted immediately. Withdrawing consent may lead to fewer possibilities to use the Service;
Rights to Restriction of Processing and Right to Object.
You can object to the processing of your Personal data, ask Us to restrict processing of your Personal Data, or request portability of your Personal Data by contacting Us. Similarly, if We have collected and processed your Personal Data based on your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time using the contact details provided under the "Contact Details" section of this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any data processing, that We have conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information, which has been conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. If you wish to raise a complaint about how we have handled your Personal data, you can contact us through the web interface provided as part of the Services, via the contact us page, or using the contact details provided under the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy and we will investigate the matter. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that Personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, We may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to comply with your request if your request is unfounded, repetitive, or excessive.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within 72 hours of receipt. Occasionally, it may take longer if your request is particularly complex, or you have made a number of requests. In this case, We will notify you and keep you updated.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to independently transmit those data to a third party, in case our processing is based on your consent and carried out by automated means;
Right to complain.
You have the right to complain to any relevant Data Protection Authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work, or the place of processing your personal data. If You wish to exercise any of the aforementioned rights, please Contact Us.
7. DATA STORING AND DELETION
We store your Personal Data for as long as needed to provide you with our Service. When Personal Data is no longer needed, we delete it using reasonable measures to protect the Data from unauthorized access or use.
8. INFORMATION SECURITY
The Website/App has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. For example, we store your Personal Data on secure servers accessible only to exceptional individuals. We are trying to prevent access by any unauthorized parties by encrypting this information. We have put procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
For all other information above our control, visitors and users should consider this communication and information to be non-confidential, and consequently, we assume no responsibility or liability if any information relating to any visitor or subscriber is intercepted and/or used by an unintended recipient.
We may grant access to your personal data to our contractors or employees, in particular in sales support, with the guarantee that they comply with the necessary level of protection of your personal data against unauthorized access, loss, manipulation, falsification, and destruction, or unauthorized disclosure. This is done through appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures on our part
We never process any kind of sensitive data or criminal offense data. Also, we never undertake to profile personal data.
9. COOKIES
We use cookies to track and analyze your activity and improve your experience on our website. A cookie is a file containing an identifier that is sent by a web server to your web browser and is stored on the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies never give us access to your computer, files, settings, etc. Instead, cookies help us monitor the pages of our website you find useful and optimize our content and user experience based on your visits and activity on our website.
We may use the following cookies:
Analytical and Performance cookies.
They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around the site when using it. This helps us to improve the way and manner in which the Site works, such as by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for seamlessly and straightforwardly.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognize you when you return to the Site. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Site, together with the advertising displayed on them, more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Third party cookies.
These cookies allow the Site and the Services to interact with different websites and trading services. Please note that third parties (including advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical and performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Any personal information that you provide via such social media applications may be collected and used by other members of that social media application and such interactions are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide the application. We do not have control over, or responsibility for, those companies or their use of your information.

We value your privacy and follow the applicable EU laws and regulations on privacy protection. We provide you with a note about our cookies practices and Privacy Policy when you visit our website. By giving your active consent on the note, you agree to our Privacy Policy and cookies practices. You can disable and delete cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Note that if you delete all cookies, it may generally decrease your user experience and prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
10. APPLICATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to the Website/App. Once redirected to another website, this Policy is no longer applicable.
11. ACCEPTANCE OF THESE CONDITIONS
By using our Services, you agree with the Privacy Policy. We assume that all Users have carefully read this document and agree to its content. If one does not agree with this Privacy policy, they should not use this Website/App.
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@alpacards.study.
Previous
Important
Next
Terms & Conditions
Last updated
1 year ago