Effective Date:  September 12, 2019
Applimazing Privacy policy
Applimazing, a Dutch company (“Applimazing”, “we”, “us” and their derivatives) makes this policy available to the users of our games (“Games”) and websites (“Websites”). This privacy policy explains about the data we collect when you use any game or website provided by Applimazing.
This policy applies to personal data we collect through our Games and Websites, it does not apply to any data collected by any third party. By using our Games and Websites you agree with this privacy policy.
Personal data we collect
-Information received from third party game platforms, through which you can download and play our Games. This may include your name, account name and account contacts used at the platform. Personal data collected by third party platforms is subject to such third party platform’s privacy policy.
-Information received when corresponding with us. This may include your email address, the contents of the correspondence, your name and any other information you provide to us by corresponding with us.
-Analytics, information received by browsing our Websites and playing our Games. This may include the number of page visits, duration, type of browser, IP address, etc. Data obtained by using our Websites may be collected through cookies and web beacons.
-We may share anonymous information about you for advertising purposes with Games partners and contractors.
We do not collect or process any personal data that is categorized as sensitive data under the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulations or “GDPR”).
We do not knowingly collect personal data about anyone under the age of 13, if we learn that we have collected personal data from anyone under the age of 13 we will delete that data as quickly as possible.
How we use personal data
When playing our Games we use personal data to present the Game and its features to you. When corresponding with us we use personal data to respond to you.  When browsing our Websites we use data to improve them. We use personal data to process transactions.
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
©