Privacy Policy
We have a few simple principles
1. We only collect your personal information
when we need it
, and only
what we need
to provide you with our services.
2. We don't
share
your personal information with anyone except to provide and develop our services, comply with the law, or protect the rights, property or our safety, our users or the public.
3. We don't
store
your personal information unless it’s required for the ongoing operation of our services.
4. We give you
control
over how your personal information is used, including what's made visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and deleted.
What information do we collect?
Information you give us
When you use our services, we may request information from you, e.g. an email address to store with your account, participate in a contest or answer your support request.
You can always refrain from supplying this information, though it may prevent you from using our services fully.
Information we get from your use of our services
We collect information about the services that you use, when and how you use them.
This information includes device information (e.g. model, operating system, device identifiers like IDFA and UDID), log information (e.g. when and how you used our service, the device used, language preference, etc.) and analytics data (e.g. as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts).
How do we use this information?
We use all of the information we have to help us provide, maintain, protect and improve our services, to develop new ones, and to protect us and our users.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
To operate and improve our services
We are able to deliver our services, personalize content, and make suggestions for you by using the provided information.
We use collected information to understand how you use and interact with our services to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.
To contact you
When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help identify and solve any issues you and other users might be facing.
If you have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about special offers, new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with us and our products.
You may choose to stop receiving our email at any time by unsubscribing via a one-click link in any mail sent by us or you can contact us by mail (see below).
To provide relevant ads in our the free apps
We and our third-party advertising partners may serve advertisements when you use our services.
We do not provide any personally information to advertisers.
In order to provide ads which interest you, we and our third-party advertising partners may use information collected from you and your visits to our and other services.
How can I manage information about me?
To request deletion of your information please contact us at <
info@autotheorie24.de
>.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information only for as long as neccessary or to fulfill legitimate business or legal purposes. We may also retain and use non-personal information, including information which has been de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized.
We design our systems to protect information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, when you delete or update your account or information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove some information from our backup systems.
How do we share this information?
We do not share your personal information unless one of the following conditions applies:
With your consent
We will only share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of our company when we have your consent to do so.
For external processing
We provide personal and non-personal information to our partners, trusted organizations, vendors and other affiliated organizations to process it on our behalf, in accordance with our instructions, Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality, security or other requirements we deem necessary.
Some of these contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country and by using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information to them.
From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, for example, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
To respond to legal and other requests and to prevent harm
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of our company if we have a good-faith belief that this is necessary to:
1. comply with the law.
2. enforce our terms of service.
3. detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
4. protect against and prevent harm to us, our users and the public.
How do we secure your information?
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal information.
If we know or have reason to know of a systems security breach by an unauthorized party of your user data where that data is being or is likely to be used for an unauthorized purpose, we will promptly notify you so that you can take appropriate steps.
How do we let you know about changes to our policy?
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, should we materially change how we use your personal information, we will notify you in advance by email.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this document, the practices of our sites or apps, please contact us at:
Autotheorie24 e.K., St. Johann, Brückengasse 1b, D-78462 Konstanz,
info@autotheorie24.de
This document was last updated on October 19th, 2023
Study, practice and pass your theory exam the first time around!
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Account
Home
© 2025 Autotheorie24 e.K. All rights reserved.