Privacy Policy for ABC Games
We at CV. ABC Games Indonesia (“Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”) one of our main priorities is the privacy of our user. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by CV. ABC Games Indonesia and how we use it.
Consent
By using our application, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
We don't collect any personally identifiable information about our users. Our apps don't actively collect any information from children. Our apps may collect technical information which does not specifically identify a user, but supports the operation of the app.
We understand the importance of our user's personal information and particularly with regards to children under 13 years of age. We don't collect or require users to enter their personal information when using our apps.
Our apps don't use or collect a users precise geographic location.
Our apps don't contain social network integration or other social features (active links to Facebook, Twitter, or any other social network or service)
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
• Provide, operate, and maintain our app
• Improve, personalize, and expand our app
• Understand and analyse how you use our app
• Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our app comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). In the event that a user identifies himself/herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or feedback, we will not collect, store or use and will delete in a secure manner any personal information of such a user.
We take care of filtering categories of sensitive and unsuitable ads for children. But rarely can an advertiser misclassify your ads, and this situation is beyond our reach.
Our Advertising Partners
Our apps may contain advertising banners and users have the ability to close the advertisements and/or purchase an in-app no advertisements pack. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
• Google, LLC (Google AdMob)
• Unity Ads
Payments
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
The payment processors we work with are:
• Apple Store In-App Payments
• Google Play In-App Payments
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. As a result, we encourage you to review this privacy statement periodically to track changes.
Contact Us
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at:
cs@abcgames.fun