Privacy
Last Updated: August 4, 2020
HiddenVault is a fast and easy to use utility that helps
This privacy policy describes how we (HiddenVault and our subsidiaries) collect, use, and share your information whenever you use our Services. Those Services include every way you might interact with us: through our websites, mobile applications, and any of our other online products and services that link to this privacy policy.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy that’s available on our website. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or sending you a notification). Of course, if you ever have a question about our privacy policy, just send us an email at Kyle@KyleMitchellAllen.com.
Information We Collect
What You Directly Provide Us
For you to create a basic HiddenVault account, we need to collect a few important details about you: a unique username you’d like to go by, a password, an email address we can contact you at, a phone number, and your sex. For additional Services beyond the basic HiddenVault account, we may ask you for additional information. We want you, though, to be in control of your information, so we let you update or correct most of the basic HiddenVault account information by editing your account settings within HiddenVault. And while we hope you’ll remain a lifelong HiddenVault user, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account, just email us at Kyle@KyleMitchellAllen.com; but keep in mind that we may retain certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law. For more information about how we store and delete the messages you send or receive through HiddenVault, and store and delete your location updates, please read the “Message and Location Deletion” section a little farther down.
What You Automatically Provide Us When You Use Our Services
Because HiddenVault is about staying together with your friends, there is some information we collect automatically when you access our Services, which we use to facilitate the broad range of communications offered through our Services, to provide you cool features and functionality, and to enable all the other purposes described in this privacy policy. We explain all this below:
Device Information. We collect information about your device, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers (including MAC address and IMEI), browser type and language, mobile device phone number, and mobile network information. We also collect certain device information that will help us diagnose problems in the (hopefully rare) event you experience any crash or other problem while using our Services. So, for example, if we detect a crash or other problematic event, we may collect the list of apps on your device and other information about your device’s performance at the time of the event for troubleshooting purposes.
Device Phonebook and Photos. Because HiddenVault is all about communicating and staying with friends, we may—with your consent—collect information from your device’s phonebook and photos. We do this so that we can connect you to your friends quickly and intuitively, enhance the Services with additional functionality, and for any other purpose described in this privacy policy. You can always revoke your consent to our ongoing ability to collect information from your device’s phonebook and photos by changing the settings on your device if your device offers that option, or by simply deleting our app from your device (though we hope you’ll never do that).
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. Like most online services, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that store information about your use of the Services, which can, among other things, help us see which areas and features of the Services are popular and let us count visits. Web beacons are small pieces of software on a webpage or email that help us see how you interact with that webpage or email. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how third parties use such technologies on our Services, be sure to read the “Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others” section of our privacy policy.
Website Log Information. We collect log file information when you use our websites. That information includes, among other things, your web browser type and language, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the website you visited before navigating to our websites.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
If another user allows us to collect information from his or her device phonebook—and you’re one of that user’s contacts—we may combine the information we collect from that user’s phonebook with other information we have collected about you. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with the information we collect through HiddenVault.
Information We Collect When You Contact Us
Whenever you have a question for our helpful Support team, just send us  a message at Kyle@KyleMitchellAllen.com. Of course, when you contact the Support team or communicate with us in any other way, we’ll collect whatever information you volunteer. For instance, if you submit artwork, files, or any other materials to us through our websites, we will collect what you give us.
How We Use Information
What do we do with the information we collect? The short answer is: Provide you with an amazing set of Services that we relentlessly improve. But we do a lot more as well, such as:
Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request, process transactions, and send you related information;
Communicate with you. That means just what it says; we may send you marketing communications on behalf of us or other companies; respond to your comments and questions; provide customer service; and send you technical notices, security alerts, and other informational messages;
Monitor and analyze trends and usage;
Develop, improve, and refine products, services, and functionality;
Personalize the Services by providing advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests. For instance, when you set up an account we may pre-populate certain account information based on the information we collect about you from other users;
Verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Where Information Is Processed
HiddenVault is based in the United States. Although we welcome EverChangers from all over the world, keep in mind that no matter where you live or where you happen to use our Services, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries. We want you to know this because the laws of the United States and those of other countries where your information is processed might not be as comprehensive or protective as laws in the country where you live. And while you’re in another country, know that your information may be made available to government or law enforcement requests.
How We Share Information
Here’s the type of information we may share about you with others and how we do so:
When you send a message, your recipients will see your username and, of course, whatever your message says or shows (whether that’s a photo, video, text, or transaction). When you view content that another HiddenVault user has sent you, and we will let the sender know that you saw it. But you are only able to chat with those that are in your HiddenVault. If you have any questions about how to do that, email us at Kyle@KyleMitchellAllen.com.
If another user tries to interact with you through a feature that you’re unable to use because you’re too young—say, for instance, you don’t meet the 13+ age requirement for HiddenVault —we may tell the user that you’re ineligible to use the feature, so that the user isn’t left wondering why you never responded.
We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf.
With respect to jointly offered Services or functionality or services offered separately by other companies through our Services, we may share information about you with business partners to provide the Services and functionality you request and to communicate with you about those Services;
We may share information about you in response to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is consistent with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, or regulation; to investigate or remedy potential violations of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share information about you with your consent or at your direction, or as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Here’s just one example of how this could work: Because it’s not always clear whether a new friend request comes from someone you actually know, we may share whether you and the requestor have HiddenVault friends in common without disclosing the usernames of those common friends.
The Services may also contain third-party links or be a co-branded or third-party-branded Service that’s being provided jointly with or by another company. By going to those links or by using a co-branded or third-party-branded Service, you may be providing personal information directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party website or service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services.
Consent to Share Consumption Data with Apple:
By using our app and making in-app purchases, you consent to our sharing of data regarding your usage and consumption of purchased content with Apple, as part of our efforts to resolve refund requests. This information may include details about how you have accessed and interacted with the purchased content. The purpose of sharing this data is to help Apple make an informed decision regarding refund requests. We ensure that such data sharing is done in compliance with Apple's policies and only as necessary to process your requests.