Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1ptvw_VqNO0BuddQbqNtiAfW1Ql8tL094", "title": "privacy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 3
Privacy Notice BirdifAI
This Privacy Notice aims to give the User information on how the Developer, acting as
Data Controller, process his/her personal data when he/she uses its application
BirdifAI.
This Privacy Notice may be supplemented by specific information relating to BirdifAI
which is described in the relevant General Conditions of Use.
What is BirdifAI?
BirdifAI transforms the art of communication into a delightful game, inviting users to
explore the unique world of avian cryptography. Whether you're sending secret love
notes, challenging friends to decode your messages, or simply having fun with a new
and exclusive language, BirdifAI is your passport to a world of delightful chirps and
hidden meanings.
Does the Developer process personal data and under what legal
basis?
The Developer doesn’t process the User’s personal data. Statistics could be used to
improve the technical functionality of the application.
Which personal data is needed in the context of this Service?
No personal data is being collected during the use of the Service.
Who has access to the User’s personal data?
Within the limits of their respective attributions, the data collected may be accessible
by or intended to:
• authorised internal services from the Developer,
• the service provider(s) and/or subprocessor in charge who process the data
according to Developer' instructions,
• Developer’ business partner(s).
• The User is informed that, in accordance with the laws and regulations in
force, the data may be transmitted to competent authorities, at their request, as
authorised third parties.
How long do we retain the User’s personal information?
The User’s personal data is not retained or processed.
Page 2 of 3
What types of data are processed?
The Developer may be required to process your personal data which we collect directly
via the application. It includes statistics from the application, data such as the device
type, OS version or IP address.
What are the User’s rights and how he/she can exercise them?
In accordance with the regulations in force, the User has a right of access and of
correction of his/her personal data and the right to request the deletion, the right to
oppose the processing of his/her personal data and the right to obtain the limitation or
portability of his/her personal data to the extent that this is applicable, subject to urgent,
legitimate grounds the Developer may show to retain his/her Data.
When the processing of personal data is based on the User’s consent, he/she is
informed he/she may withdraw his/her consent at any time.
The User may issue guidelines on the retention, erasure or disclosure of his/her
personal data after his/her death.
To exercise his/her rights, the User can email us by justifying his/her identity at
birdifai@gmail.com
The User is informed that he/she has the right to submit a request to the Romanian
Authority for Data Protection the supervisory authority in charge of compliance with
the obligations regarding personal data in Romania. The Developer encourages the
User to contact it before any request, so that they try to solve it.
The User agreed with the processing of his personal data, including his personal code,
and is aware that is he/she benefits from the rights set out by law ‘Regulamentul UE
nr.2016/679’ regarding the protection of individuals when it comes to their personal
data.
If the User wishes to terminate the processing of his personal data through this
application it means he accepts that the Developer will no longer be able to provide
him/her access to the application.
Data Protection Officer contact details:
The User can contact the subprocessor Data Protection Officer for any question
related to personal data protection:
• By e-mail : birdifai@gmail.com
Are personal data transferred outside the EU?
The personal data collected and processed by the Developer is not subject to any
transfer outside the European Union.
Page 3 of 3
In case of transfer of personal data outside the European Union, the Developer will
take appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of the User’s data and the
compliance with the applicable personal data protection regulations.
How is the User’s personal data secured?
The Developer undertakes to protect the User’s personal data in a secure and
confidential way, including when certain operations are carried out by suppliers. In this
respect, appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent loss, misuse,
alteration and deletion of the User’s personal data are implemented. These measures
are tailored in line with the level of sensitivity of the data.
The data provided by the clients are strictly confidential. The application uses
security measures that are under our control against the lost, the altering or the
misuse of the information.
Any attempt to access personal data of a user or to modify the content of the
application or to alter the performance of the server on which it is working, will be
considered as fraud and can result in deleting the account involved in this as well as
legal prosecution.
Amendments to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be subject to amendments.
privacy.pdf
privacy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Page 1 of 3