Help Center
Home
Help Center
User privacy protection rules
Protecting your privacy is very important and important to us.
We will do our best to keep your personal information confidential.
Ensure that you understand and understand the eastmallbuy customer privacy terms, which will enable us to provide you with the best service.
Please take some time to read the following terms to understand how we handle your personal data.
1、 The content of personal information we collect
Normally, you can access our company on the internet without telling us who you are or providing any personal information about you.
However, we or our partners may sometimes require you to provide information.
You can choose to provide us with the personal information you can provide in various situations.
For example, you can provide us with your name, contact phone number, or email address based on your choice, so that we can contact you and provide on-site services.
You can also describe your education level and work experience to us in order to become our collaborator and participate in our company's projects.
Before collecting information from you, we would like you to understand how we will use this information and obtain your permission to collect and use it.
If you provide us with personal information about others (such as spouses or work colleagues), we will assume that you have obtained their permission.
2、 Why do we collect your personal information
Our company collects and uses your personal information to provide you with the best customer service, allowing you to enjoy our services most conveniently. We are very willing to accept your valuable feedback.
Make our service scope for you more extensive.
3、 How do we collect your personal information
We will only obtain your personal information from customer comments on the website.
Please note that we will not solicit personal information from children or other individuals without the permission of our guardians, without their knowledge or presence, nor will we make requests for personal information from them.
4、 How do we use your personal information
The personal information you provide us with will be used for the following purposes with your permission:
1. For our use to meet your request.
2. Stay in touch with you to conduct customer satisfaction surveys, market research, or handle certain matters.
3. For our or appropriate institutions to use for marketing purposes.
4. Used for anonymous data analysis such as customer quantity statistics.
5. Help develop our business relationship, if you are our partner or business partner.
5、 How can we protect your personal information
When we collect information from you, we will provide you with a clear and comprehensive introduction to the future use of this information. You can provide us with all or part of the information we want to collect according to your personal wishes. At the same time, you also have the right to tell us which purposes you want certain information to be used for or do not use certain information for. We will respect your wishes.
Our company guarantees the security and quality of the information and data you provide us in physical, electronic, or other forms.
Be aware that some countries, regions, or organizations may not have enacted strict laws and regulations to protect your information.
Within these regions or organizations, our company will still process your information in the manner described in this clause.
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, information that is required to be disclosed by law may require disclosure of personal information under judicial or other government subpoenas, search warrants, or orders.
6、 How do you monitor the use of personal information
In general, we will seek your permission to use your personal information when collecting it.
If you have a request, we can also seek permission from you before each use.
You can also proactively learn about the usage of your information through various channels such as newspapers and the internet.
If you find that your personal information has been used without your authorization, you can contact us by phone or online to investigate the root cause of the problem and take protective measures to ensure the security of your personal privacy.
Account assets
Account registration and activation
Change password or retrieve password
Discount coupon
Delivery instructions
Value added services
Customs and taxes
Mailing fees
Mailing restrictions
Submit waybill
Membership system
About menbership
Membership privileges
Membership level
Points rule
Affiliates
Affiliate guide
Affiliate agreement
After-sale service
Query logistics
Product abnormality
Customs inspection
Package return
Insurance Policy and Compensation Rules
make a complaint
User Information
Storage Period of goods
User Registration Agreement
User privacy protection rules
Shipping restrictions
laws and regulations
Beginner's Guide
Purchasing business
Shopping Cart
0
Customer Service
Discord
Hide Menu
Back to top