Terms of use
Welcome to Reqable!
​
The Reqable License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") shall be conclued and signed between you and the developers of Reqable(hereinafter referred to as "we"). We will use this agreement to help you understand the rights and obligations of this application license and related aspects. You shall confirm to fully read, understand the terms of this agreement and choose to "agree" or "disagree" (if you are a minor, you should review it with your legal guardian). If you do not agree to any terms of this Agreement, you shall opt out and uninstall this application. Please read the following clauses carefully:
About Reqable
​
Reqable (hereinafter referred to as "this application") is a API development/testing/debugging tool. In some scenarios, this application may have the function of modifying and debugging network packets. If you want to modify and debug the third-party data packets, you must obtain the official authorization of the party. If you modify and debug without authorization, the causing issues and consequences (including financial losses, legal risks, etc.) are irrelevant to us.
License
​
Reqable license has two types: Professional, Enterprise, with a subscription period of 30 days or 1 year. Professional and Enterprise subscriptions will not automatically renew, you can renew them manually at any time. Reqable license is a universal license, available on all platforms (Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS), but there are differences in the number of devices activated at the same time. Whether you purchase on Android, iOS or the web, you can register the device on other platforms.
After your first purchase, we will send the license serial code to your email. If you do not receive the email or lose it, you can log in to the
License Management Center
to find the serial codes. The email address and license serial code are the credentials for device registration, please keep them properly. If the license is leaked due to your personal reasons, all losses caused will be borne by you.
After the license is successfully sold or renewed, there is a 7-day refund period. During the refund period, you can submit a refund application to
payment@reqable.com
, and we will arrange a refund for you within 5 working days; If the sale time has exceeded the refund period, we will not refund you. Note that if the above refund policy conflicts with the refund policy of Play Store, App Store and other sales platforms, please refer to the platform.
Privacy policy
​
We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity to collect and use the personal information generated when you use Reqable apps or services. This information will only be used to improve the quality of the software and will not be disclosed or shared with any person or organization. The information collected by Reqable only includes the following parts:
System hardware information, including model, memory, and CPU instruction type.
System software information, including system version and proxy settings.
Interaction events, including click events and page durations.
We will never collect, upload and store users' personal identity information, including cookies, accounts, keys, network packet contents, data interfaces, personal privacy, history records and other application information.
Functional risks
​
The data cache generated during the running of this application may contain your sensitive information (including passwords, cookies, etc.). You shall clean up them in time, or close the application when performing sensitive data operations;
If the laws in your area prohibit software programs of this type, you shall follow local laws, opt out and immediately uninstall this application.
Prohibited behaviors
​
You shall confirm that under no circumstances should you do anything that is prohibited by this application:
It is forbidden to use this application for the illegal purposes such as: maliciously attack any network data, make plug-ins, steal data, etc.
It is forbidden to debug and modify any network data without obtaining the official authorization of other Host, IP and application;
It is forbidden to do reverse engineering on this application itself (including but not limited to decompiling, modifying the installation package, modifying the signature information, etc.), or trying to modify the function of this application in other ways;
It is forbidden to publish any version of this app to any channel or website that has not been authorized by us.
Exemptions
​
You shall acknowledge that we shall not be responsible for any indirect, punitive, special and derivative losses related to or arising from this agreement(including but not limited to business losses, income losses, profit losses, data losses or any other forms of loss):
If you violate any of the provisions of this Agreement or the relevant Terms of Service, we have the right to take measures including but not limited to the discontinuation of service, suspension of service, restriction of use, legal investigation, etc., depending on the nature of your conduct. At the same time, we will assist the investigation of judicial department as required;
If you violate any of the provisions of this Agreement or the relevant Terms of Service and cause any third party damage, you shall be solely responsible;
Due to typhoon, earthquake, tsunami, flood, blackout, war, terrorist attack and other force majeure factors, this application breaks down, unable to use.
The service is interrupted or delayed by hacker attack, technological adjustment or problem of the telecommunication department, website update and other problems.
The service is interrupted or delayed by government orders, changes in laws and regulations, orders or rulings from the judiciary or administrative agencies.
Other terms
​
You shall acknowledge the following terms：
This electronic authorization agreement has the same and equivalent legal effect as an agreement signed by both parties. You shall understand and recognize every part of this agreement, you shall be bound thereby once you use this application or this service. If you have any direct or indirect violation of this agreement or constitute an infringement, we have the right to terminate the service immediately, order you to stop the damage, and retain the right to pursue related responsibilities;
We reserve the right to modify the terms of this agreement as necessary. You can review the terms of this agreement in the latest version of this application. If you continue to use the application after the modification of this agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the revised agreement. If you do not agree to the revised agreement, you should stop using the application immediately;
If any part of this agreement is considered invalid by the court with jurisdiction, the validity of other parts shall not be affected.
The headings of all the terms of this agreement are for convenience only, they have no actual meaning and cannot be used as the basis for interpretation of the meaning of this agreement;
We reserve the right of final interpretation of this Agreement.