The
essential companion
for affiliate publishers.
By bringing all of your affiliate networks and programs into one place, and providing extensive click metrics on your affiliate link conversions, Clickwire is the ultimate affiliate publisher marketing tool designed to help streamline your marketing strategy and accelerate your business.
Get started
Live demo
Generate
internationalized
affiliate tracking links with just one click
Internationalized Deeplinks
Our affiliate tracking links are automatically internationalized, which means that not only does your client get directed to the correct geographical partner website, but you can also analyze different audiences from around the world for your marketing strategy.
Add it as a bookmarklet
You can drag our link builder to your bookmarks for simple affiliate linking when you’re on a product page. Simply click on the bookmark and you can immediately create an automatically internationalized affiliate tracking link.
Add attributes
UTM parameters from external sources such as Facebook, Instagram and YouTube are completely supported. Our deeplink generator also comes with an optional UTM parameter builder, so you can track and analyze your own custom UTM tags as well.
Streamline your links
Fine-tune your deeplinks by removing unnecessary parameters to create seamless tracking links customized to your preferences.
Create custom short domain
Your links are completely customisable! Choose your own custom short domain so that any tracking links you create reflect you and your brand.
Track Your Clicks
Sort through click analytics from your tracking links with our intuitive and customisable dashboard. By measuring key metrics like sales, commission, conversion rates and much more, you can gain valuable real-time insights into your data.
Create and track
internationalized
affiliate tracking links with just one click
Simply click on our bookmarked link generator when you're on a product page, and you can create an automatically internationalized affiliate marketing link. This ensures your customer will be conveniently directed to their correct geographical partner website, and enables you to refine your marketing strategies for different audiences around the world. By building UTM parameters into the link such as source and medium, you can add your own custom campaign details, including the channel (such as Facebook, Instagram, or Blog) and even product attributes such as brand or model.
Manage all of your affiliate networks and programs in
one place
With our Affiliate Program Management Platform, you can easily manage affiliate networks and programs in one place. Within each of your networks, you can manage connected sites, deactivate unwanted ones, and update credentials as needed. Then you can manage affiliate programs by monitoring their connection statuses, and highlight specific programs for instant access to their tracking links. Tracking transactions by network and partner is now effortless, with detailed records for each sale presented in an easy-to-read format.
Keep Track of
your clicks
with our easy-to-use analytics dashboard
With our intuitive and completely customisable affiliate marketing dashboard, you can easily monitor your affiliate click data with real-time insights on key metrics including sales, clicks, commission, average conversion rate and more. Compare time periods and filter by campaign, tracking link, program, country, product attribute and more to dig deep into your data and streamline your business.
Learn more about
Clickwire
Watch more videos
Pay
only
for what you use
Start with a 30-day free trial of our Clickwire Affiliate Marketing Tool, then pay a monthly price of €49 plus €0.000531 per click registered by the SAAS platform.
All plans includes:
Unlimited deeplinks
Unlimited affiliate accounts
Unlimited transactions
Comprehensive analytics
And much more...
Beta
Calculate monthly fee
Monthly clicks
Platform
€ 49
*
+ €0.000531 per click
€
0
Total
€
0
* Free while in beta
€
0
.00
/mo
Start Free Trial
Frequently asked
questions
How many websites can I connect to Clickwire?
You can connect as many websites as you like to Clickwire, and the total amount of clicks from each website you add will contribute to your overall invoice.
What affiliate networks are compatible with Clickwire?
You can check which affiliate networks are currently connected with Clickwire
here
.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept card payments from VISA, Mastercard, Maestro and AMEX.
How far back can I access my conversion date?
You can access your conversion data from the date you sign up to Clickwire - there is no back-limit.
What metrics do you track?
We provide data on your sales, clicks, commission, average commission, average commission %, CRP (Conversion rate) and EPC (Earnings per click). We also track the status of your payments in a separate financial overview, providing information on open, approved, paid and cancelled transactions.
How do you use cookies?
Clickwire doesn't use any cookies.
Have more questions? Visit our complete
FAQ
page.
Get started with Clickwire in 3
easy steps
Connect your accounts
1
Start by connecting all your affiliate network accounts to Clickwire so we can process your partnerships and transactions. Don't worry, you can have unlimited accounts!
Start using Clickwire
2
Create your first deeplinks through our bookmarklet and start embedding them within your content. We will automatically start tracking your clicks and attribute them to your sales.
Profit
3
You now have a full click data analytics suite at your disposal to finally start analyzing the performance of every single click you generate.
Try our
live demo
now
Why not discover Clickwire's potential by using our live demo? Experience how our solutions can transform your operations. Engage directly with our features, and see the benefits in real time. Don't miss out, try Clickwire today!
Live Demo
Grow to your
full potential
with Clickwire
With our affiliate management software, click tracking analytics and unique deeplink generator, Clickwire is the ultimate tool for affiliate publishers looking to streamline their business.
Get started
Discover the
Top 10 Affiliate Programs
across 15+ industries