Privacy Policy of
Boots
click here
Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Collection of privacy-related preferences
iubenda Cookie Solution
Personal Data: Trackers
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; gender; last name; phone number; physical address; various types of Data
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; phone number; ZIP/Postal code
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts and Mapbox widget
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Infrastructure monitoring
Bugsnag
Personal Data: app information; device information; username
Sentry
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position
Platform services and hosting
App Store Connect
Personal Data: diagnostics
Google Play Store
Personal Data: Usage Data
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application
Direct registration
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; phone number
Traffic optimisation and distribution
Cloudflare
Personal Data: Trackers; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Amazon CloudFront
Personal Data: browser information; city; country; county; device information; geography/region; IP address; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); metro area; operating systems; state; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie
Policy.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
iubenda Consent Solution localStorage
iubenda ConS JS library localStorage (IUB_DATA) temporarily stores pending data in a storage space internal to the User's browser (localStorage) until it's received by the API, then it is deleted.
iubenda Cookie Solution (remote consent Cookie)
Remote iubenda consent Cookie (_iub_cs-X) is set by the iubenda Cookie Solution and stores User preferences related to Trackers under the .iubenda.com domain.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
User identification via a universally unique identifier (UUID)
This Application may track Users by storing a so-called universally unique identifier (or short UUID) for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences. This identifier is generated upon installation of this Application, it persists between Application launches and updates, but it is lost when the User deletes the Application. A reinstall generates a new UUID.
Equal protection of User Data
This Application shares User Data only with third parties carefully selected to ensure that they provide the same or equal protection of User Data as stated in this privacy policy and requested by applicable data protection laws. Further information on data processing and privacy practices by third parties can be found in their respective privacy policies.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then change those settings for this Application, some or all of the apps on the particular device.
Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this Application.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
The Boots Company PLC. Registered office: Nottingham NG2 3AA.
Data Processor
Metrisk Limited Suite 4, The Neon Building, Quorum Park Benton Lane, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE12 8BU
Owner contact email:
boots@scan2recycle.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
The Boots Company PLC. Registered office: Nottingham NG2 3AA.
Data Processor
Metrisk Limited Suite 4, The Neon Building, Quorum Park Benton Lane, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE12 8BU
Owner contact email:
boots@scan2recycle.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Trackers; first name; last name; gender; phone number; physical address; email address; various types of Data; ZIP/Postal code; Usage Data; geographic position; username; device information; app information; diagnostics; IP address; browser information; operating systems; city; state; county; country; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); metro area; geography/region.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorised destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organisational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Traffic optimisation and distribution, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Contacting the User, Displaying content from external platforms, Location-based interactions, Collection of privacy-related preferences, Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application, Infrastructure monitoring and Platform services and hosting.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Collection of privacy-related preferences
This type of service allows this Application to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the collection, use, and processing of their personal information, as requested by the applicable privacy legislation.
iubenda Cookie Solution (iubenda srl)
The iubenda Cookie Solution allows the Owner to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the processing of personal information and in particular to the use of Cookies and other Trackers on this Application.
Personal Data processed: Trackers.
Place of processing:  Italy –
Privacy Policy
.
Contacting the User
Contact form (this Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorises this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; gender; last name; phone number; physical address; various types of Data.
Mailing list or newsletter (this Application)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name; phone number; ZIP/Postal code.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Fonts (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualisation service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Mapbox widget (Mapbox Inc.)
Mapbox is a maps visualisation service provided by Mapbox Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behaviour of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Bugsnag (Bugsnag Inc.)
Bugsnag is a monitoring service provided by Bugsnag Inc.
Personal Data processed: app information; device information; username.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Sentry (Functional Software, Inc. )
Sentry is a monitoring service provided by Functional Software, Inc. .
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation (this Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorisation has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn't point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner  –  e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
App Store Connect (Apple Inc.)
This Application is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc.
App Store Connect enables the Owner to manage this Application on Apple's App Store. Depending on the configuration, App Store Connect provides the Owner with analytics data on user engagement and app discovery, marketing campaigns, sales, in-app purchases, and payments to measure the performance of this Application.
App Store Connect only collects such data from Users who have agreed to share them with the Owner. Users may find more information on how to opt out via their device settings
here
.
Personal Data processed: diagnostics.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Play Store (Google Ireland Limited)
This Application is distributed on the Google Play Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Google Ireland Limited.
By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Google collects usage and diagnostics data and share aggregate information with the Owner. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis.
Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their device settings. More information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on
this page
.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for the provision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (this Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name; phone number.
Traffic optimisation and distribution
This type of service allows this Application to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimise their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between this Application and the User's browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.
Cloudflare (Cloudflare Inc.)
Cloudflare is a traffic optimisation and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc.
The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through this Application, i.e., communication between this Application and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from this Application to be collected.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Amazon CloudFront (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon CloudFront is a traffic optimisation and distribution service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: browser information; city; country; county; device information; geography/region; IP address; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); metro area; operating systems; state; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie
Policy.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
iubenda Consent Solution localStorage
iubenda ConS JS library localStorage (IUB_DATA) temporarily stores pending data in a storage space internal to the User's browser (localStorage) until it's received by the API, then it is deleted.
iubenda Cookie Solution (remote consent Cookie)
Remote iubenda consent Cookie (_iub_cs-X) is set by the iubenda Cookie Solution and stores User preferences related to Trackers under the .iubenda.com domain.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
User identification via a universally unique identifier (UUID)
This Application may track Users by storing a so-called universally unique identifier (or short UUID) for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences. This identifier is generated upon installation of this Application, it persists between Application launches and updates, but it is lost when the User deletes the Application. A reinstall generates a new UUID.
Equal protection of User Data
This Application shares User Data only with third parties carefully selected to ensure that they provide the same or equal protection of User Data as stated in this privacy policy and requested by applicable data protection laws. Further information on data processing and privacy practices by third parties can be found in their respective privacy policies.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then change those settings for this Application, some or all of the apps on the particular device.
Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this Application.
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organisation governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or enquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilised to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilised by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/36700132:
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Amazon Web Services (AWS) and DigitalOcean
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Traffic optimization and distribution
Bunny CDN
Personal Data: Usage Data
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
iubenda as Data Controller
iubenda processes, as Data Controller, the following access data which is strictly necessary for the technical provision of the service:
* IP address;
* Web browser info (User Agent/type of device);
* Referrer (page viewed by the User) and all the information possibly available on the http header.
The information outlined above is sent to Bunny CDN which, in turn, forwards it to Akamai CDN. This forwarding is done, in the case of users in the European Union, without transmitting their IP address.
Further information about Akamai CDN and Bunny CDN can be found in the section "Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data" in the present document.
US privacy laws
The iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is also designed to apply some privacy laws across the United States, if the "US State laws" option is activated.
When accessing a website or app, the solution displays the “Your privacy choices/Notice at collection” widget through which users can manage their privacy rights (Sale of my personal information, Share of my personal information, Processing of my personal information for targeted advertising, and Processing of sensitive personal information categories) and read the Notice at collection.
The preferences expressed by final users are stored in the Cookie and Consent Preference Log (CPL) and can be retrieved at any time.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CCPA), the category of personal information collected by iubenda through the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is: internet information.
The personal information collected by businesses is processed by iubenda as “service provider” (CCPA) and “processor” (under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023 or VCDPA) for the purpose of ensuring a correct execution of the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution and its functionalities (“business purpose”).
Personal Data retention time
The information collected through the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is not normally retained by iubenda.
However, if necessary to monitor the service, and the proper functioning thereof, the following access data will be stored for a maximum period of time of 15 days: IP address, Web browser information, Referrer.
Appointment of iubenda as Data Processor
The clients acknowledge and accept that by using the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution they are engaging iubenda to process Personal Data as “processor” pursuant to the European personal data protection legislation. The conditions of engagement are determined by the
Data Processing Agreement
.
Such an agreement, the conclusion of which is required by law, therefore forms an integral and binding part of the contractual relationship between iubenda and its clients.
Appointment of iubenda as Service Provider
The clients acknowledge and accept that by using the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution they are engaging iubenda to process Personal Data as “service provider” pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act. The conditions of engagement are determined by the
Service Provider Addendum
.
Such an agreement, the conclusion of which is required by law, therefore forms an integral and binding part of the contractual relationship between iubenda and its clients.
Description of the service
The Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution provided by iubenda allows websites and apps to request and manage consent for the use of cookies and similar technologies and to handle the preferences of US users related to their privacy rights.
Final users can accept or refuse the installation of cookies and similar technologies or personalize the related consent’s preferences through the banner displayed by the solution upon their first visit to a website or app.  If the Cookie and Consent Preference Log (CPL) is enabled, the consent preferences for the installation of cookies and similar technologies expressed by final users are stored in the CPL and can be retrieved at any time.
When final users navigates on a website/application where the iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is installed, a technical cookie is injected which contains the following information, for which iubenda acts as data processor:
* Cookie Policy id number;
* consent date and time;
* consent content (accept/reject);
* how the consent has been given (banner dismissal, button click etc.).
Depending on the configuration chosen, such technical cookie can be stored either on the iubenda.com domain (if the option enableRemoteConsent is active), or on the client’s domain (default setting).
From the above information, iubenda retrieves aggregate counters per day which indicate the number of consents given vs. the totality of the consents requested, including the indication of how the consent is given.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
iubenda s.r.l.
Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italy)
Milan Chamber of Commerce
EU VAT No: IT07347120961
UK VAT No: GB 370904694
SC: 12,795.78 Eur (fully paid up)
Legal Representative: Andrea Giannangelo
Owner contact email:
info@iubenda.com
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mapbox.com/privacy/:
Products
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
Self-Hosted
Maps Overview
NEW
Smooth, fast, cross-platform maps
Overview →
Mapbox GL JS
NEW
Immersive maps for web
Mobile Maps SDK
NEW
Powerful maps for iOS and Android
Studio
NEW
Beautiful, custom map designs
Static Maps
NEW
Embed map images
Mapbox Tiling Service
NEW
Host and add custom map data
Over 100 global cities with 3D landmarks in Mapbox Standard
Read more
→
Navigation Overview
NEW
Custom navigation services
Overview →
Navigation for Automotive
NEW
In-vehicle infotainment and navigation services
MapGPT
NEW
A location-intelligent AI assistant
Autopilot Map
NEW
Precision data for autopilot systems
Navigation for Mobile
NEW
Routing and directions for iOS & Android
Mapbox for EV
NEW
EV navigation solutions
Matrix API
NEW
Calculate travel time and distance
Mapbox Autopilot Map allows vehicles to drive themselves on more roads
Read more
→
Search Overview
NEW
Smart location data and search features
Overview →
Geocoding
NEW
Geolocate and validate addresses
Search Box
NEW
User-friendly search interface
Address Autofill
NEW
Autocomplete for address forms
Search anywhere, go anywhere: Empowering users with the Mapbox Search SDKs
Read more
→
Data Overview
NEW
Unique, high-value geospatial datasets
Overview →
Traffic Data
NEW
Live and typical traffic conditions
Movement Data
NEW
Population patterns through space and time
Boundaries
NEW
Official boundaries around the world
Enhanced data coverage with Mapbox Movement V4
Read more
→
Atlas
NEW
On-premise or private cloud solutions
New 3D urban environments improve location awareness
Read more →
Solutions
On-Demand Logistics
Boost customer satisfaction and delivery performance
Weather
Deliver accurate, real-time weather information
Real Estate
Visualize property listings, rentals, and market data
Automotive
Integrated navigation experiences for in-vehicle and companion apps
Telecommunications
Map real-time coverage and optimize network operations
Travel
Plan, book, and explore the world all in one place
Outdoors
Detailed maps for athletes and adventures
Business Intelligence
Enhance data analysis with location intelligence
Retail
On-brand store locators and e-commerce solutions
Developers
documentation
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
See All Docs
→
connect
Developer Discord
Online community to discuss projects and help fellow devs
Stack Overflow
Share and search technical questions and solutions
Github
Submit bugs, share requests, and track releases
Get Support
Self-serve resources, account help, and technical assistance
Developer Network
Contract independent developers
links
Developer Quickstart
Overview of developer resources
Developer Cheat Sheet
Snapshot overview of Mapbox services
Help & Troubleshooting
Find answers and get help
API Playgrounds
Demo spaces to experiment with Mapbox
Developer Tools
Web-based tools to help build with Mapbox
API Status
Real-time data on system performance
Company
Company
Who we are
About our company mission and history
What we value
About what drives us
What we do
About Mapbox technologies and data
Careers
Work at Mapbox
HIRING
Opportunities to join our team
Life at Mapbox
How we support your career
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Building a Mapbox for everyone
impact
Sustainability
Environmental and social responsibility
Social Impact
Support for non-profits and positive impact organizations
follow us
LinkedIn
X
Youtube
Instagram
Discord
Github
Blog
Resources
News
Blog
NEW
Stay updated on product launches and new features
Newsroom
The latest Mapbox news and press resources
Events
Connect with Mapbox at virtual and in-person events
Learn
Customer Showcase
NEW
See customer use cases and impact across industries
Webinars
NEW
Live and on-demand videos about building with Mapbox
Videos
NEW
How-to videos, developer spotlights, event recordings, and more
Get Help
Support
NEW
Flexible options for fast and expert help
Education
NEW
Resources for students and instructors
Security
NEW
Protect the security of your account, data, and users.
featured showcase
Indoor map innovation powered by Mapbox 3D visualizations...
Read more
→
Pricing
English
日本語
Contact Us
Contact us
Log in
Sign up
Sign in
Sign up
Contact us
Go to account
English
日本語
Go to account
Contact Sales
Log in
Sign up free
Products
Maps
Navigation
Data
Self-Hosted
Search
Back
Maps Overview
NEW
Smooth, fast, cross-platform maps
Mapbox GL JS
Immersive maps for web
Mobile Maps SDK
Powerful maps for iOS and Android
Studio
Beautiful, custom map designs
Mapbox Tiling Service
Host and add custom map data
Static Maps
Embed map images
Back
Navigation Overview
NEW
Custom navigation services
Navigation for Automotive
NEW
In-vehicle infotainment and navigation services
Navigation for Mobile
NEW
Routing and directions for iOS & Android
MapGPT
NEW
A location-intelligent AI assistant
Autopilot Map
NEW
Precision data for autopilot systems
Mapbox for EV
NEW
EV navigation solutions
Matrix API
NEW
Calculate travel time and distance
Back
Search Overview
NEW
Smart location data and search features
Geocoding
NEW
Geolocate and validate addresses
Search Box
NEW
User-friendly search interface
Address Autofill
NEW
Autocomplete for address forms
Back
Data Overview
NEW
Unique, high-value geospatial datasets
Traffic Data
NEW
Live and typical traffic conditions
Movement Data
NEW
Population patterns through space and time
Boundaries
NEW
Official boundaries around the world
Back
Atlas
NEW
On-premise or private cloud solutions
Solutions
On-Demand Logistics
Boost customer satisfaction and delivery performance
Automotive
Integrated navigation experiences for in-vehicle and companion apps
Business Intelligence
Enhance data analysis with location intelligence
Weather
Deliver accurate, real-time weather information
Telecommunications
Map real-time coverage and optimize network operations
Outdoors
Detailed maps for athletes and adventures
Retail
On-brand store locators and e-commerce solutions
Real Estate
Visualize property listings, rentals, and market data
Travel
Plan, book, and explore the world all in one place
Developers
documentation
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
See All Docs →
connect
Developer Discord
Stack Overflow
Github
Get Support
Developer Network
links
Developer Quickstart
Developer Cheat Sheet
Help & Troubleshooting
API Playgrounds
Developer Tools
API Status
Company
company
Who we are
What we value
What we do
Careers
Work at Mapbox
HIRING
Life at Mapbox
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
impact
Sustainability
Social Impact
follow us
LinkedIn
X
Youtube
Discord
Instagram
TikTok
Github
Blog
Resources
News
Blog
Newsroom
NEW
Events
NEW
learn
Customer Showcase
Webinars
Videos
get help
Support
Education
Security
featured showcase
Indoor map innovation powered by Mapbox 3D visualizations...
Read more →
Pricing
Sign up
Log in
Go to account
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Overview
Master Services Agreement
Government Terms
Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Overview
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Sub-processors
Cookies
Privacy & Security FAQ
Data Subject Request
Communication Preferences
Support Services
Overview
SLA
Terms of Service
Master Services Agreement
Product Terms
Government Terms
Marketplace Terms
Japan Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Sub-processors
Cookies
Privacy & Security FAQ
Data Subject Request
Communication Preferences
Support Service Agreement
SLA
Responsible Procurement Policy
‍
Mapbox Privacy Policies
‍
Privacy Policy
‍
Product Privacy Policy
‍
California Notices At Collection
‍
Privacy Policy "California Notice At Collection"
Product Privacy Policy "California Notice At Collection"
‍
*For all customers in Japan, please visit Mapbox's
Japan Privacy Policy
ジャパンプライバシーポリシー.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the personal data Mapbox and/or its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Mapbox”) may receive and why such personal data may be received in its capacity as a data controller, how such personal data may be used (including whom it may be shared with and for what purposes), and choices about such personal data.
This privacy policy applies to the extent Mapbox processes personal data in its capacity as a data controller under the GDPR (or “business” under the CCPA) when an individual: (a) visits and engages with any of Mapbox’s websites, (b) attends a virtual or in-person Mapbox event, (c) provides contact information for the purposes of Mapbox contacting about Mapbox products/services, (d) uses third-party websites or applications that cite this privacy policy, (e) provide billing information for Mapbox products/services account administration, or (f) apply to or are contacted about possible employment with Mapbox. Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq. and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”), or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as "personal data").
This Privacy Policy does not apply when Mapbox acts as a data processor.  Most Mapbox customer personal data is not governed by this policy. Mapbox operates in the capacity of a data processor for certain personal data when operating Mapbox’s  products/services that are purchased by developers and businesses to develop their own licensed applications. As such, customers/prospective customers should read Mapbox’s data processing addendum (“DPA”):
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/dpa
which governs certain customer personal data that may be processed through use of Mapbox products/services including creation of a Mapbox products/services account. For other data not Processed by Mapbox as a Processor, e.g. billing and usage statistics data, see
Mapbox's Product Privacy Policy
.
Corporate Accounts: If any account created with Mapbox lists a corporate email address for a company with which an individual is currently (or was formerly) employed (a “Corporate Email”), then the corporate entity to whom the Corporate Email pertains is responsible for privacy practices relating to use of Corporate Email. If Corporate Email is used within the scope of this privacy policy (as described at the top of this privacy policy), then this privacy policy applies.  For clarification, commonly known personal email account services (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook) are not Corporate Email.
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
‍
Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.
Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name.
Financial data: Such as, credit card data is
not
processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.
Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.
User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content.
Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the
Mapbox cookie policy
.
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox.
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox uses personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes.
Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.
Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs.
Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations.
Comply with applicable law.
‍
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
‍
International Transfers
Personal data may be processed by one or more Mapbox affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business – for example, in the United States for account administration and billing. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location from which it was received. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and certification certification under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework” or “DPF”), and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Mapbox’s Notice of Certification under the DPF, is available here:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/notice-of-certification
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data:
Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases to process personal data are as follows:
To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.
To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by an independent third party controller, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.
Performance of the contract.
Consent.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of legitimate interests, Mapbox considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms. Mapbox has assessed that these legitimate interests are not overridden by the data protection interests or fundamental rights of any individuals. In all cases, Mapbox ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable.
Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 of this privacy policy.
Security
Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
‍
Children
Mapbox products/services, websites, events, and other communications are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable law, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data.
Choices About Personal Data
An individual may opt-out of processing of their personal data within the scope of this privacy policy at any time and prevent further Mapbox processing by contacting Mapbox as described below.
Email and Telephone Communications:
Click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email received from Mapbox to opt out of receiving future commercial emails. Note that for current customers, Mapbox will continue to send non-promotional communications which may not be opted out of (e.g., communications regarding products/services or updates to Mapbox Terms or this privacy policy). Mapbox processes requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
Website logs and cookies:
Devices have settings to delete stored cookies and most browsers have the option to decline cookies. However, certain parts of Mapbox’s website (including pages that require login) will not be accessible if Mapbox cookies (first party cookies) are not accepted. In contrast, third-party cookies set by third parties for marketing and analytics purposes on Mapbox’s website can be disabled, in principle, without affecting access. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit the Mapbox website
here
.
In accordance with applicable law, the individual to whom the personal data pertains may have the following rights regarding their personal data:
Access/view personal data
Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format
Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion of personal data
Restrict or object to processing of personal data
Opt-out of the sale of personal data, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law and as defined in the CCPA.
To exercise your right to deletion of personal data, please complete the form
here
. For any other rights, please contact Mapbox at
privacy@mapbox.com
. In your email include  name, and request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Although we encourage you to contact us if you have questions or complaints, you also have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
Additional Information For California Residents
9.1 California Notice At Collection:
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
‍
Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.
Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name.
Financial data: Such as, credit card data is
not
processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.
Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.
User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content.
Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the
Mapbox cookie policy
.
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox.
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes.
Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.
Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs.
Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations.
Comply with applicable law.
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Data Retention
Only for so long as Mapbox has a business purpose to retain and process such personal data.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Mapbox will update this privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.
‍
Contact Mapbox
Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com.
Mapbox Product Privacy Policy
See Section 9 below for "California Notice At Collection"
Mapbox provides a location data platform that powers map and location services in a wide variety of web, mobile, game and embedded device applications. Mapbox customers are developers/companies who embed Mapbox software development kits (SDKs) or integrate with Mapbox application program interfaces (APIs) (collectively, “
Mapbox materials
”) in their licensed applications to enable maps and location features.
This product privacy policy
applies when Mapbox is processing personal data (sometimes referred to as personal information), from an end user of a licensed application (provided by Mapbox or one of its customers) that contains Mapbox materials, in its capacity (where legally applicable) as an independent data controller. For example, when Mapbox determines the purpose and means of processing such as making decisions about how to process personal data that benefits Mapbox customers generally, not just a single customer, Mapbox is processing as an independent data controller. In all cases, Mapbox’s processing of personal data continues to be controlled by its contracts with Mapbox customers, this product privacy policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, or data defined as personal information or personal data under applicable data protection laws and regulations (in this policy, referred to as "
personal data
”).
Additional Privacy Policy:
Mapbox also processes as a data controller when individuals use any Mapbox website or engage with Mapbox marketing programs, including attending live or virtual events or applying for a job with Mapbox. Please see the applicable Mapbox privacy policy, available
here.
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to its product development and operations in an effort to collect the least amount of personal data from the outset. The limited personal dataset that Mapbox may receive, outlined below, describes personal data categories and associated example data elements.  Please note, many data elements are only classified as personal data when combined with an associated IP address, other persistent identifier or data element capable of identifying or being reasonably linked to a natural person.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP
address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer
to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s account ID (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill)
and Mapbox product name(s) and version(s).
Internet or other
electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, and an end user’s abandonment of a
given navigation route/use of an alternate navigation route.
Geolocation Data
- Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy
(the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)
- Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and search
results of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigation
customers (not end users) in their licensed applications.
- At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobile
device and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
‍
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above categories of personal data, Mapbox may also collect the following categories of personal data (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
The end users’ requests are associated with a randomly generated identifier in order for Dash
branded products and services to create a short-term and temporary profile required for
contextual conversations such as “hey Dash, remember the cafe you gave me directions to
yesterday? …”
Inferences
Inferences based on microphone (including voice inputs) and location data. For example,
if the end user asks about cafe’s, Dash branded products and services will infer that the
end user would like to know about cafe’s close to their location.
Conversation Data
Microphone data (including voice inputs).
Do not include sensitive information  to Dash branded products and services such as social
security number, bank account or other financial details, or special categories of Personal
Data such as, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health and/or sex life.
‍
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox does not process personal data for the purposes of identifying an individual or creating or maintaining records about an individual. Instead, Mapbox processes personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain, secure and improve Mapbox products and services,
Provide customer requested support, including applying knowledge gained from individual customer support requests to benefit all Mapbox customers, to the extent such knowledge is de-identified,
Prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks,
Administer/bill customers (not end users),
Calculate de-identified aggregate statistics,
Train artificial intelligence models (to the extent personal data is first de-identified), which is a set of technologies and processes that allow computers to learn, reason, and assist in decision making; such models are used to improve Mapbox products and services,
Anonymize such data so it is no longer considered personal data,
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations, and
Comply with applicable law.
Mapbox processes de-identified data only in a de-identified form and does not permit attempts to re-identify such data or associate with a natural person.
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above uses of personal data, Mapbox may also use personal data in the following ways (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Mapbox uses personal data for purposes that are compatible with those stated above such as providing and supporting the service. For Dash branded products and services, machine learning to develop and improve and fine tune Mapbox’s models is one of those purposes.
Third party independent controller vendors will process the data you provide to Dash branded products and services for their own purposes. For more information visit their respective privacy policies (linked in Section 3). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to process in accordance  with Section 2 above.
In response to a request, so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its customers or their end users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or due diligence related thereto of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Dash branded products and services: In addition to the above parties that Mapbox may disclose personal data to, Mapbox may also disclose personal data to the following third party independent controllers (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Certain functionality to instruct Dash branded products and services to process a question such as when the end user says “hey Dash” or touches the Dash branded products and services icon or starts typing a command. PicoVoice’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://picovoice.ai/docs/privacy-policy/  (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
On-device speech-to-text (“STT”) vendor (which Mapbox has no control over and is selected by the end user based on their device) will transpose audio speech spoken to Dash branded products and services to a string of text and send it to Mapbox servers to answer the end users question. The on-device STT processing is subject to its respective published privacy practices, which you should review. Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Large language model providers (“LLMs”), such as OpenAI review the end users voice input text and formulate a response to the end user. OpenAI’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”) vendors, such as Eleven labs transform the Mapbox appended LLM response to an audio MP3 file that is spoken (in audio form) to the requestor via Dash branded products and services. ElevenLabs processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://elevenlabs.io/privacy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
International Transfers
Personal data may be processed by one or more Mapbox affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business – for example, in the United States for account administration and billing. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location from which it was received. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and certification certification under the EU-US, UK-US, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework ("DPF"), and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Mapbox’s Notice of Certification under the DPF, is available here:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/notice-of-certification
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data:
Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases to process personal data are as follows:
To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.
To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by an independent third party controller, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.
Performance of the contract.
Consent.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of legitimate interests, Mapbox considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms. Mapbox has assessed that these legitimate interests are not overridden by the data protection interests or fundamental rights of any individuals. In all cases, Mapbox ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable.
Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as Mapbox determines it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 above. In determining how long to retain personal data, Mapbox considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data, the purposes for which personal data is processed, applicable legal requirements, and Mapbox’s legitimate interests. The purposes for which Mapbox processes data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of data. For example, Mapbox retains IP addresses for 30 days and after such time, in select instances, may need to extend such retention period for an investigation based on its legitimate interests to secure its products and services, prevent fraud and for legal compliance purposes.
Security
Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this product privacy policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
Children
Mapbox products and services are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this product privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable data protection laws and regulations, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data.
Choices About Personal Data
To the fullest extent possible, Mapbox will fulfill data subject rights requests provided it can match a data subject (natural person to whom the personal data in question pertains) to personal data that Mapbox processes. Mapbox does not, and is not required to, collect additional personal data in order to positively identify a data subject.
As outlined in Section 1 above, Mapbox receives only minimal personal data and operates controls designed to promptly de-identify and anonymize such personal data. For example, Mapbox deletes IP addresses within 30 days of receipt (unless required for an investigation), so it is unlikely that Mapbox would have personal data capable of identifying a data subject after 30 days of receiving such data. However, if verifiable and detailed information is available, Mapbox will work with the data subject to determine if the request can reasonably be met. The data subject will need to provide a valid email address so that Mapbox can communicate and support the request, as well as any information that Mapbox determines may be needed to verify whether it holds any applicable personal data.
In accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations and depending upon the data subject’s residency, the data subject to whom the personal data pertains may have the right to request the following regarding certain of their personal data:
Access/view/know personal data
Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format
Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion of certain personal data
Restrict or object to processing of personal data
Opt-out of the “sale” or “share” or processing for “targeted advertising” (each as defined by applicable data protection laws and regulations) of personal data , if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law
To request deletion of certain personal data, please complete the form
here
. For any other request to exercise rights, please contact Mapbox at
privacy@mapbox.com
. The requesting email must come from the data subject to whom the personal data pertains and include the data subject’s name, email address and specific request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
To the extent required in the state where the data subject resides and where Mapbox has denied such data subject’s earlier request, the data subject may file an appeal with Mapbox for reconsideration. To file an appeal, please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com. The requesting email must come from the data subject to whom the personal data pertains and include the data subject’s name, email address and reference to the specific request and denial.
Mapbox encourages data subjects to contact it directly with any questions or complaints. However, Mapbox acknowledges and informs the data subject that they have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in the applicable jurisdiction; .; and in select United States states, to contact the respective state’s Attorney General’s Office, whose contact information may be identified here https://www.usa.gov/state-attorney-general (or successor link). In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
Additional Information For California Residents
9.1 California Notice At Collection:
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to its product development and operations in an effort to collect the least amount of personal data from the outset. The limited personal dataset that Mapbox may receive, outlined below, describes personal data categories and associated example data elements.  Please note, many data elements are only classified as personal data when combined with an associated IP address, other persistent identifier or data element capable of identifying or being reasonably linked to a natural person.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP
address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer
to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s company name (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill)
and Mapbox product name.
Internet or other
electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, and an end user’s abandonment of a
given navigation route/use of an alternate navigation route.
Geolocation Data
- Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy
(an IP address is not associated with such geolocation data and the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)
- Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and search
results of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigation
customers (not end users) in their licensed applications.
- At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobile
device and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
‍
Dash branded products and services:
In addition to the above categories of personal data, Mapbox may also collect the following categories of personal data (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
The end users’ requests are associated with a randomly generated identifier in order for Dash
branded products and services to create a short-term and temporary profile required for
contextual conversations such as “hey Dash, remember the cafe you gave me directions to
yesterday? …”
Inferences
Inferences based on microphone (including voice inputs) and location data. For example,
if the end user asks about cafe’s, Dash branded products and services will infer that the
end user would like to know about cafe’s close to their location.
Conversation Data
Microphone data (including voice inputs).
Do not include sensitive information  to Dash branded products and services such as social
security number, bank account or other financial details, or special categories of Personal
Data such as, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health and/or sex life.
‍
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox does not process personal data for the purposes of identifying an individual or creating or maintaining records about an individual. Instead, Mapbox processes personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain, secure and improve Mapbox products and services,
Provide customer requested support, including applying knowledge gained from individual customer support requests to benefit all Mapbox customers, to the extent such knowledge is de-identified,
Prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks,
Administer/bill customers (not end users),
Calculate de-identified aggregate statistics,
Train artificial intelligence models (to the extent personal data is first de-identified), which is a set of technologies and processes that allow computers to learn, reason, and assist in decision making; such models are used to improve Mapbox products and services,
Anonymize such data so it is no longer considered personal data,
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations, and
Comply with applicable law.
Mapbox processes de-identified data only in a de-identified form and does not permit attempts to re-identify such data or associate with a natural person.
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above uses of personal data, Mapbox may also use personal data in the following ways (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Mapbox uses personal data for purposes that are compatible with those stated above such as providing and supporting the service. For Dash branded products and services, machine learning to develop and improve and fine tune Mapbox’s models is one of those purposes.
Third party independent controller vendors will process the data you provide to Dash branded products and services for their own purposes. For more information visit their respective privacy policies (linked in Section 3). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to process in accordance  with Section 2 above.
In response to a request, so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its customers or their end users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or due diligence related thereto of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Dash branded products and services:
In addition to the above parties that Mapbox may disclose personal data to, Mapbox may also disclose personal data to the following third party independent controllers (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Certain functionality to instruct Dash branded products and services to process a question such as when the end user says “hey Dash” or touches the Dash branded products and services icon or starts typing a command. PicoVoice’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://picovoice.ai/docs/privacy-policy/  (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
On-device speech-to-text (“STT”) vendor (which Mapbox has no control over and is selected by the end user based on their device) will transpose audio speech spoken to Dash branded products and services to a string of text and send it to Mapbox servers to answer the end users question. The on-device STT processing is subject to its respective published privacy practices, which you should review. Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Large language model providers (“LLMs”), such as OpenAI review the end users voice input text and formulate a response to the end user. OpenAI’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”) vendors, such as Eleven labs transform the Mapbox appended LLM response to an audio MP3 file that is spoken (in audio form) to the requestor via Dash branded products and services. ElevenLabs processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://elevenlabs.io/privacy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
Data Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as Mapbox determines it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 above. In determining how long to retain personal data, Mapbox considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data, the purposes for which personal data is processed, applicable legal requirements, and Mapbox’s legitimate interests. The purposes for which Mapbox processes data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of data. For example, Mapbox retains IP addresses for 30 days and after such time, in select instances, may need to extend such retention period for an investigation based on its legitimate interests to secure its products and services, prevent fraud and for legal compliance purposes.
Changes to this Product Privacy Policy
Mapbox will update this product privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.
Contact Mapbox
Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this product privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com.
Heading 1
Heading 2
Heading 3
Heading 4
Heading 5
Heading 6
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
Block quote
Ordered list
Item 1
Item 2
Item 3
Unordered list
Item A
Item B
Item C
Text link
Bold text
Emphasis
Superscript
Subscript
Privacy & Security FAQ
Last Updated:  Aug 22, 2023
Mapbox provides a location data platform that powers maps and location services. Mapbox provides SDKs (software   development   kits)   and   APIs   (application   programming   interfaces),   which   businesses   and developers use to incorporate Mapbox mapping and navigation technologies into the licensed applications and  websites  they  make.  The  SDKs  contain  libraries  of  software  code  which  are  incorporated  into  a customer’s  licensed  application  or  website.  These  libraries  of  software  code  facilitate  API  requests  to Mapbox’s location data platform (which is a backend data server, hosted in the cloud (AWS-US)) which then responds with map and location content to the customer’s application or website.
In addition, Mapbox offers an on-premise version of its location data services, called Atlas.
No.
Mapbox does not sell personal data.
No.
For customers on a monthly active user (“MAU”) billing model, Mapbox maintains counts of MAUs for billing purposes only. Mapbox does not (and cannot) track an end user’s activity across billing cycles and does not build targeted profiles with the data processed through its products/services.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s account ID (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill) and Mapbox product name(s) and version(s). Such as data that an individual may upload to Mapbox products/services or otherwise provide to Mapbox in connection with support, or feedback that end  users  voluntarily  contribute  to  Mapbox  along  with  their  associated contact information.
Internet or other electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, an end user’s abandonment of a given navigation route / use of an alternate navigation route;
Such as connectivity and device data including device model and browser information, operating system, and contents of an API or SDK request.
Geolocation Data
Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy (the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and searchresults of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigationcustomers (not end users) in their licensed applications.At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobiledevice and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to product development and operations in an effort to collect only limited  data  from  the  outset. Mapbox  operates  a  number  of  technical  and  organization measures regarding the limited personal dataset that we process, such as strict access controls and prompt deletion of raw log files that contain IP addresses and billing IDs. Mapbox deploys regular ID rotation and 1-way hashing for billing IDs, which must be retained for accounting and billing purposes, to minimize the ability  to  track  user  requests over time. Billing  IDs  are  not  transmitted with  unrelated  events,  further reducing  the  feasibility  of  correlating  a  user’s  activities  over  time.  In  addition, Mapbox operates  strict anonymization procedures, such as clipping traces, for telemetry events that send location data.
Communication   through   the   Internet   requires   the   presence   of   IP   addresses,   which   specify   each transmission’s  origin  and  destination.  When  end  users  engage  with  applications  that  access  Mapbox products/services through the Internet, the end user necessarily discloses their current IP address to one or more Mapbox servers. IP addresses are retained in cloudfront logs for 30 days for billing and customer usage reporting, unless involved in an ongoing security, anti-fraud, or misuse investigation.
Mapbox  receives  location  data  when  a  Mapbox  customer’s  end  users  uses  a  licensed  application  that incorporates Mapbox mobile SDKs and the end user has authorized the licensed application’s use of the end user’s device location via their mobile phone or device operating system.
Location  data  includes  fields  such  as  latitude  and  longitude,  altitude,  horizontal  and  vertical  accuracy,  a session  ID  rotating  every  24  hours,  and  origin  IP  address  (as  would  any  Internet  communication).   The  IP address that accompanies location data is retained at the load balancer (where it is used for security and PUBLISHED: Aug 22, 2023https://www.mapbox.com/legal/legal-faq Mapbox Customer FAQ, Page 3billing  purposes  and  discarded  after  30  days).  This  IP  address  is  not  forwarded  to  the  location  telemetry processing pipeline. Location data is encrypted in transit and at rest, and is subject to the principle of least access, with the minimal number of personnel and processes having access to it in its pre-aggregated form.
In the location data anonymization pipeline, the location data is then anonymized by clipping off the origin and destination of the trip and further dividing the trip into segments, which cannot be reassembled. The anonymized  location   data  is  then  used  to  improve  Mapbox  mapping  products,   including  the  Traffic  and Movement data products.
In AWS in the United States.
However, for performance purposes, Mapbox regularly caches content on its AWS  content  delivery  network  (“CDN”)  located  in  various  regions.  Mapbox  employees  who  work  for Mapbox wholly-owned subsidiaries may access personal data from the countries where they work in order to support, develop and provide Mapbox products/services.
No.
Mapbox’s  products/services  store  and  serve  source  data  from  an  AWS  primary  region  in  the  US.  As noted  above,  data  is  cached  and  served  out  of  various  regions  outside  the  US  for  performance  reasons, however  Mapbox  cannot  serve  its  data  from  one  limited  geographic  region.  To  comply  with  GDPR  and safeguard transfers to the US and other countries, please see
Mapbox's DPA, Schedule C
, which includes the Standard Contractual Clauses released in 2021 by the European Commission.
Yes.
Mapbox  carefully  scrutinizes  the  personal  data  it  processes  within  its  engineering  lifecycle,  which includes conducting a privacy review for new (or changed) processing activities. Mapbox follows privacy-by-design principles and works diligently to limit the personal data it processes from the outset. A DPIA is conducted in any situation in which processing of personal data may be considered high risk and not able to be accomplished in a lower risk manner.
Mapbox runs a global data protection program designed to operate in compliance with applicable global privacy laws, including: VCDPA
(Virginia, USA),
UCPA
(Utah, USA),
UK-GDPR
(UK),
TIPA
(Tennessee, USA),
TDPSA
(Texas, USA),
PIPEDA
(Canada),
MTCDPA
(Montana, USA),
LGPD
(Brazil),
IDPL
(Iowa, USA),
ICDPA
(Indianna,  USA),
GDPR
(Europe),
CTDPA
(Connecticut,  USA),
CCPA
and  its  implementing  regulations including
CPRA
(California,  USA),
CPA
(Colorado,  USA),  and
APPI
(Japan),  among  many  other  important jurisdictions.
‍
Mapbox’s privacy program is based on privacy by design, which includes monitoring for upcoming privacy laws  and  regulations  to  assess  whether  its  practices  may  need  to  be  adjusted  to  maintain  compliance; product/service  privacy  reviews;  data  breach  response  processes; and  operationalized  technical  and organizational measures designed to ensure the security of the personal data it receives including: security audits  and  SOC2  certification;  anonymization  &  pseudonymization  of  personal  data  (where  applicable); strict access control with logging; limited data retention periods.
Yes.
Mapbox  is  SOC2  Type  2  certified  with  a
summary  SOC3  report  available  for  customer  review
.   In addition, Mapbox earned and maintains Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange (“TISAX”) and ISO 9001 certifications. Upon request and execution of an NDA, Mapbox may share a copy of its latest SOC2 report.
Mapbox welcomes any further questions you may have regarding its ongoing commitment to privacy and data security. Please contact Mapbox’s privacy office at privacy@mapbox.com.
Want to receive updates on our sub-processors?
Please subscribe below:
Stay tuned for updates!
Please enter an email address that includes @.
We care about your privacy
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Manage Preferences
Decline All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Security, Identity, and Compliance
›
Compliance
›
Data Privacy
Data Privacy FAQs
Commitments
FAQs
Resources
Commitments
At AWS, customer trust is our top priority.
Maintaining customer trust is an ongoing commitment. AWS continually monitors the evolving privacy regulatory and legislative landscape to identify changes and determine what tools our customers might need to meet their compliance goals. We strive to inform you of the privacy and data security policies, practices, and technologies we’ve put in place.
Our commitments include:
Access:
As a customer, you maintain full control of your content that you upload to the AWS services under your AWS account, and responsibility for configuring access to AWS services and resources. We provide an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help you do this effectively (e.g.,
AWS Identity and Access Management
,
AWS Organizations
and
AWS CloudTrail
). We also provide APIs for you to configure access control permissions for any of the services you develop or deploy in an AWS environment. We do not access or use your content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use your content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising purposes.
Storage:
You choose the AWS Region(s) in which your content is stored. You can replicate and back up your content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s) without your agreement.
Security:
You choose how your content is secured. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys. These data protection features include:
Data encryption capabilities available in over 100 AWS services
.
Flexible key management options using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
, allowing customers to choose whether to have AWS manage their encryption keys or keep complete control over their keys.
Security assurance program, using best practices for security and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our security control environment. These security protections and control processes are independently validated by
multiple third-party independent assessments
.
Disclosure of customer content
: We will not disclose customer content (see How does AWS classify customer information? below) unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a government body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for your customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from you. If compelled to disclose your customer content to a government body, we will give you reasonable notice of the demand to allow you to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so.
FAQs
What is customer content?
We define customer content as software (including machine images), data, text, audio, video, or images that a customer or any end user transfers to us for processing, storage, or hosting by AWS services in connection with a customer's account, and any computational results that a customer or their end user derives from the foregoing through their use of AWS services. For example, customer content includes content that a customer or their end user stores in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Customer content does not include account information, which we describe below. Customer content also does not include information included in resource identifiers, metadata tags, access controls, rules, usage policies, permissions, and similar items related to the management of AWS resources. AWS recommends that you do not include personally identifying, confidential, or sensitive information in these items. The terms of the
AWS Customer Agreement
and the
AWS Service Terms
apply to your customer content.
What is account information?
We define account information as information about a customer that a customer provides to us in connection with the creation or administration of a customer account. For example, account information includes names, usernames, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information associated with a customer account. The information practices described in the
AWS Privacy Notice
apply to account information.
Who owns customer content?
As a customer, you own your customer content, and you select which AWS services can process, store, and host your customer content. We do not access or use your customer content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use customer content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising.
Who controls customer content?
As a customer, you control your content:
You determine the geographic region where your customer content will be stored and the type of storage.
You choose the secured state of your customer content. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys.
You manage access to your customer content, and access to AWS services and resources through users, groups, permissions, and credentials that you control.
How do you use my account information?
The
AWS Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and use account information.
How does AWS use information included in resource identifiers and other items related to the management of AWS resources?
AWS uses that information to provide the AWS services, and to protect and improve the customer experience. For example, AWS uses resource identifiers to help customers generate cost and usage reports, which can be used to break down AWS spend by cost center, and IAM permissions to determine whether a specific user can purchase reserved instances. When customers contact AWS for technical assistance, AWS may also analyze resource identifiers and permissions to help resolve their issues.
What happens when AWS receives a legal request for customer content?
We are vigilant about our customers' privacy. We will not disclose customer content unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from the customer. Governmental and regulatory bodies need to follow the applicable legal process to obtain valid and binding orders. We review all orders and object to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate ones. If compelled to disclose customer content to a government body, we will give customers reasonable notice of the demand to allow the customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. It is also important to point out that our customers can encrypt their customer content, and we provide customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys.
We know that transparency matters to our customers, so we regularly publish a report about the types and volume of information requests we receive on the
Amazon Information Requests
webpage.
Where is customer content stored?
The
AWS Global Infrastructure
gives you the flexibility to choose where and how you want to run your workloads using the same network, control plane, APIs, and AWS services. If you would like to run your applications globally you can choose from any of the AWS Regions and Availability Zones. As a customer, you choose the AWS Region(s) in which your customer content is stored, allowing you to deploy AWS services in the location(s) of your choice, in accordance with your specific geographic requirements. For example, if an AWS customer in Australia wants to store their data only in Australia, they can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) AWS Region. If you want to discover other flexible storage options see the
AWS Regions
webpage.
You can also replicate and back up your customer content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s), except as necessary to provide the services you initiated, or as necessary to comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body. However, it is important to note that some AWS services may not be available in all AWS Regions. For more information about which services are available in which AWS Regions, see the
AWS Regional Services
webpage.
What is my role in securing my content?
When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for you to understand and distinguish between the security of the cloud, and your security in the cloud. Security of the cloud encompasses the security measures that AWS implements and operates. We are responsible for security of the cloud. Security in the cloud encompasses the security measures that you implement and operate, related to the AWS services you use. You are responsible for your security in the cloud. For more information, see the
AWS Shared Responsibility
webpage.
What step does AWS take to protect my privacy?
At AWS, our highest priority is securing our customers’ data, and we implement rigorous contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect data confidentiality, integrity, and availability regardless of which AWS Region a customer has selected.
AWS complies with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. It extends ISO information security standard 27001 to cover the regulatory requirements for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data for the public cloud computing environment and specifies implementation guidance based on ISO 27002 controls that is applicable to PII processed by public cloud service providers. For more information, or to view the AWS ISO 27018 Certification, see the
AWS ISO 27018 Compliance
webpage.
Additionally, AWS publishes a SOC 2 Type II Privacy report, based on the SOC 2 Privacy Trust Criteria developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), which establishes criteria for evaluating controls related to how personal data is collected, used, retained, disclosed, and disposed to meet the entity’s objectives. The AWS SOC 2 Type II Privacy report provides third-party attestation of our systems and the suitability of the design of our privacy controls. The scope of the privacy report includes information about how we handle the content that you upload to AWS and how it is protected in all of the services and locations that are in scope for the latest
AWS SOC reports
. The SOC 2 Type II Privacy report can be downloaded through
AWS Artifact
in the
AWS Management Console
.
Who should I contact if I have questions regarding AWS and data protection?
We recommend that customers with questions regarding AWS and data protection contact their AWS account manager. If customers have signed up for Enterprise Support, they can also reach out to their Technical Account Manager (TAM) for support. AWS account managers and TAMs work with Solutions Architects to help customers meet their compliance needs. AWS can’t provide legal advice to customers, and we recommend that customers consult their legal counsel if they have legal questions regarding data protection.
We also have teams of Enterprise Support Representatives, Professional Services Consultants, and other staff to help with privacy questions. You can contact us with questions
here
.
Resources
Data Privacy Center
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Amazon Information Requests
AWS Privacy Notice
Catch up on re:Invent
|  Watch the latest keynotes on-demand. Explore Videos Now »
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Sub-policy 4
https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customize content and advertisements.
Learn more
Cookie settings
Allow all cookies
❮
❯
Categories
Cookie declaration
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Allow all cookies
Deny all

Necessary cookies
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
CookieHub
CookieHub is a Consent Management Platform (CMP) which allows users to control storage and processing of personal information.
Privacy Policy
cookiehub
Cloudflare
Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable.
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services offers a broad set of global cloud-based products including compute, storage, databases, analytics, networking, mobile, developer tools, management tools, IoT, security, and enterprise applications.
AWSALB
Shopify
Shopify is an eCommerce platform that allows businesses to create, manage, and scale online stores.
secure_customer_sig
cart_currency
_shopify_y
_orig_referrer
_landing_page
_shopify_s
_shopify_sa_t
_shopify_sa_p
shopify_pay_redirect
Microsoft ASP.Net
ASP.NET is an open source web framework, created by Microsoft, for building modern web apps and services.
Privacy Policy
ASP.NET_SessionId
ASP.NET_SessionId
Marketo
Privacy Policy
_mkto_trk
Google reCaptcha
Google reCaptcha enables web hosts to distinguish between human and automated access to websites.
Privacy Policy
_GRECAPTCHA

Preferences
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Zendesk
AWSALBCORS
Drift
Privacy Policy
drift_campaign_refresh
drift_aid
driftt_aid

Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Privacy Policy
_gid
_ga_*
_ga
test_cookie
_ga
_gid

Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Google Ads
Google Ads is an advertising service by Google for businesses that want to display ads on Google search results and its advertising network.
Privacy Policy
_gcl_au
IDE
test_cookie
Facebook Pixel
A piece of code that lets businesses measure, optimise and build audiences for advertising campaigns.
Privacy Policy
_fbp
LinkedIn Insight
The LinkedIn Insight tag powers conversion tracking, website audiences, and website demographics within the LinkedIn system.
Privacy Policy
bcookie
lidc
li_gc
AnalyticsSyncHistory
UserMatchHistory
bscookie
Microsoft Ads
Microsoft Advertising (formerly Bing Ads) is a service that provides pay per click advertising on the Bing, Yahoo!, and DuckDuckGo search engines.
Privacy Policy
MUID
MSPTC
_uetsid
_uetvid
Twitter
Twitter is an online news and social networking site where people communicate in short messages called tweets.
muc_ads
guest_id_marketing
guest_id_ads
personalization_id
guest_id
6sense
Privacy Policy
_an_uid
_gd_visitor
_gd_session
Convert
Privacy Policy
_conv_v
_conv_s

Other cookies
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
Necessary cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
CMSCsrfCookie
smartbear.com
Session
These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at.
ASP.NET_SessionId
smartbear.com
Microsoft
Session
Used by Microsoft ASP.Net web applications to maintain anonymous user's session state between page views
sbcart
smartbear.com
31 days
Used to remember which products are in the shopping cart
_mkto_trk
.smartbear.com
Marketo, Inc.
400 days
This cookie is associated with an email marketing service provided by Marketo. This tracking cookie allows a website to link visitor behavior to the recipient of an email marketing campaign, to measure campaign effectiveness.
__cf_bm
.www2.smartbear.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
BIGipServer
www2.smartbear.com
Session
Cookie used for connection persistence and routing the request to proper server in server pool
LiSESSIONID
community.smartbear.com
Session
LithiumVisitor
community.smartbear.com
182 days, 16 hours
AWSALB
community.smartbear.com
7 days
Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual.
AWSALBCORS
community.smartbear.com
Zendesk
7 days
Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual.
__cf_bm
.post.getzephyr.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
cookiehub
.smartbear.com
CookieHub
365 days
Used by CookieHub to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site.
__cf_bm
.smartbear.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
ASP.NET_SessionId
support.smartbear.com
Microsoft
Session
Used by Microsoft ASP.Net web applications to maintain anonymous user's session state between page views
secure_customer_sig
swag.smartbear.com
365 days
Used by Shopify in connection with customer login.
localization
swag.smartbear.com
365 days
This cookie is used to store an interface language.
cart_currency
swag.smartbear.com
14 days
Used by Shopify to show the content of your cart in the right currency
shopify_pay_redirect
swag.smartbear.com
1 hour
Used by Shopify in connection with checkout
_tracking_consent
.smartbear.com
365 days
Used by Shopify to store a user's preferences if a merchant has set up privacy rules in the visitor's region.
__cf_bm
.t.co
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_GRECAPTCHA
www.google.com
Google
180 days
Used by Google reCaptcha for risk analysis
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Preferences
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
CMSPreferredCulture
smartbear.com
365 days
lidc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
1 day
Used by LinkedIn for routing.
li_gc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
180 days
Used by LinkedIn to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Analytical cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_gid
.smartbear.com
Google
1 day
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_ga_
.smartbear.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics 4 to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
bcookie
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media.
_ga
.smartbear.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
mktLP
.smartbear.com
Session
userId
smartbear.com
400 days
_ga
.support.smartbear.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_gid
.support.smartbear.com
Google
1 day
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_shopify_y
.smartbear.com
365 days, 6 hours
Shopify analytics.
_orig_referrer
.smartbear.com
14 days
Used by Shopify to track landing pages.
_landing_page
.smartbear.com
14 days
Used by Shopify to track landing pages.
_shopify_s
.smartbear.com
1 hour
Shopify analytics.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Marketing cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_gcl_au
.smartbear.com
Google Advertising Products
90 days
Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data.
_an_uid
smartbear.com
6Sense Insights, Inc.
7 days
6sense cookie that presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
_gd_visitor
smartbear.com
6Sense Insights, Inc.
400 days
6sense cookie that collects visitor data related to the user’s visit to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements.
_gd_session
smartbear.com
6Sense Insights, Inc.
4 hours
6sense cookie that collects visitor data related to the user’s visit to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements.
muc_ads
.t.co
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This is a cookie that is set by twitter.com. It is used for optimizing ad relevance by collecting visitor navigation data.
guest_id_marketing
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
guest_id_ads
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This cookie is used by Twitter for advertising when logged out
personalization_id
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.
guest_id
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This cookie is used by Twitter for authentication
drift_campaign_refresh
smartbear.com
Drift.com, Inc.
1 hour
Used by Drift to provide Website Chat functionality.
drift_aid
smartbear.com
Drift.com, Inc.
400 days
Used by Drift to provide Website Chat functionality.
driftt_aid
smartbear.com
Drift.com, Inc.
400 days
This is the anonymous identifier token. It is used to tie the visitor on your website with the profile within the Drift system.
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Google Advertising Products
390 days
Used by Google's DoubleClick to serve targeted advertisements that are relevant to users across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to users based on previous visits to a website. These cookies measure the conversion rate of ads presented to the user.
MUID
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
_conv_v
.smartbear.com
Convert Insights Inc.
182 days, 12 hours
Visitor cookie for convert.com, used for A/B testing content in order to improve the website.
_conv_s
.smartbear.com
Convert Insights Inc.
1 hour
Session cookie for convert.com, used for A/B testing content in order to improve the website.
_fbp
.smartbear.com
Meta Platforms
90 days
Facebook Pixel advertising first-party cookie. Used by Facebook to track visits across websites to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
test_cookie
.doubleclick.net
Google
1 hour
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies
MSPTC
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
AnalyticsSyncHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Used by LinkedIn to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries
UserMatchHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Contains a unique identifier used by LinkedIn to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
bscookie
.www.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_shopify_sa_t
.smartbear.com
1 hour
Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals.
_shopify_sa_p
.smartbear.com
1 hour
Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals.
_uetsid
.smartbear.com
Microsoft
1 day
This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
.smartbear.com
Microsoft
390 days
Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing.
receive-cookie-deprecation
.adnxs.com
400 days
Privacy Sandbox testing cookie to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.
receive-cookie-deprecation
.doubleclick.net
180 days
Privacy Sandbox testing cookie to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Other cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
userId
community.smartbear.com
400 days
CMSPreferredCulture
support.smartbear.com
365 days
userId
swag.smartbear.com
400 days
trackalyzer
lltrck.com
365 days
csrf-aurora
community.smartbear.com
Session
CMSCurrentTheme
smartbear.com
1 day
Save settings
SmartBear Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Software License and Services Types
Data Processing Addendum
Acceptable Use Policy
Trial Terms of Use
SmartBear Privacy Notice
Effective Date: July 8, 2022
Last Updated: July 8, 2022
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) applies to personal information collected by, or provided to, SmartBear Software Inc., and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "SmartBear”, "we", “us", “our") via the websites, applications, and electronic communications from which it is linked (collectively, the “Platform”). This Notice describes how SmartBear uses the personal information that it collects, receives, maintains, and stores about you. This Notice does not apply to Customer Data (as defined in the SmartBear Terms of Use) processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using SmartBear’s products and services. Our customers are responsible for deciding how Customer Data is used, so please see their applicable privacy notice for more information.
1. Types of personal information Collected
We may collect personal information from or about you in order to provide, enhance, market, and offer our products and services offered via the Platform, and to otherwise communicate with you. This section describes the categories of personal information we may collect, including personal information we have collected in the past twelve months. You are not required to give us all the personal information identified in this Notice; however, if you do not provide requested personal information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of our services.
Contact and Demographic Information –
name; address (including billing and shipping address); telephone number; email address; and fax number.
Payment Information
– If you make a purchase, we will collect your payment information including your credit card information and billing address, together with your purchase details.
Account Information
– We may also collect user ID and password, and screen name.
Location Data
–While navigating the Platform, your mobile device or browser may share your location data, both through WiFi and GPS, and IP address or MAC address. We will collect this information based on the settings of your phone and browser.
Usage Information
– We may also collect usage and device information when you visit the Platform. This may include information relating to your Internet activity or other electronic network activity, which includes device information; web server type and version; PHP version; database type and version; cookie information; device information; browsing activities, and platform or mobile application use data; referring domain; destination domain and destination path; performance, security, software configuration and availability of our software on your servers and network; website user statistics and website and portal use and viewing activity records; and communication preferences.
Education and Employment Information –
If you apply for employment with SmartBear, we will collect your employment and work history, as well as personal information related to your potential employment. This may include, but is not limited to, your education and employment history, address and contact information, demographic information, and the contents of your resume.
Communication Information
- We may collect audio, electronic, or visual information, which includes screen sharing views; any data in any files uploaded, emailed or otherwise provided by customers; the contents of your communications with SmartBear, whether via email, social media, telephone or otherwise; and inferences we may make from other personal information we collect.
2. Method of Information Collection
We collect personal information in a variety of ways. We collect personal information directly from you; for example, when you visit our websites, respond to a survey, participate in a telephone interaction, fill out a registration form or otherwise use our software, or communicate with us through one of our websites to receive information about our business to business services or to schedule a demonstration of our products or programs, and if you expressed interest in being contacted by us at a trade show in which we participated or hosted.
We may also collect personal information from third parties. For example, we may collect personal information from service providers that help us to build and maintain our contact lists, that integrate their services into ours, or in other ways work with us for our mutual benefit.
We also collect personal information from you passively. For example, our Platform uses tracking tools like cookies, pixels, and web beacons to collect usage and browser information. For more information about the trackers that we use, please see Section 6 of this Notice. Additionally, if you enable location data on your device, this data will be collected based on the location settings on your device.
3. Combining Personal Information
We may combine personal information we obtain. For example, we may combine personal information that we have collected online with personal information that we have collected offline, for instance during calls between you and our support team. We may also combine personal information that we have collected across other third party sites or from other third parties with personal information we already have.
4. How We Use Personal Information
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may use personal information to:
operate our Platform and provide support to our business functions;
fulfill customer requests, such as to create a SmartBear account or complete customer purchases;
protect against criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
send customers information regarding SmartBear, our Platform, and our products and services;
respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback provided to us;
support and personalize our Platform, products and services, websites, mobile services, and advertising;
protect the security and integrity of our Platform, content, and our business;
provide customer support;
the extent required for benchmarking, data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our Platform, facilitating product, software and applications development, improving our services, conducting research, analysis, studies or surveys, identifying usage trends, as well as for other analytics purposes;
meet our contractual requirements;
comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and our policies;
communicate with our customers, including to provide them with information about our products, programs, services and promotions;
market, advertise, and provide our Platform; and
the extent necessary for any other lawful purpose for which the personal information is collected.
5. Sharing personal information
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
Within SmartBear
– We may share your personal information within our family of companies.
Service Providers –
When we hire a service provider to help operate the Platform or our business, we may allow access to personal
information
as necessary to perform the service for us. This may include service providers that operate our Platform, send our communications, or run our promotions.
Business Partners –
We may share personal information with our trusted business partners. For example, we may share your personal information with a company when we co-sponsor a promotion or service. These partners may use your personal information to, among other things, send you information or contact you about their services and products.
Third Parties for Marketing Purposes
–To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may share personal information with third parties for purposes of our marketing, advertising, promotions, contests, or other similar purposes.
Legal Obligation or Protection from Harm -
When we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the personal information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy or comply with any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce or investigate a potential violation of the Terms of Use, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, (d) support auditing and compliance functions, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of SmartBear, its users, or the public against harm.
Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures-
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of transfer or sale of some or all of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, personal information may be transferred along with the business. Where legally required we will give you prior notice and, if you have a legal right to do so, an opportunity to object to this transfer.
Purposes described to you –
We may share your personal information for other purposes, as we describe to you and as permitted by applicable law.
6. Cookies and Other Technologies
We collect information about users over time on the Platform by using several common types of cookies and other tracking technologies including log files, pixel tags, web bugs, web beacons, clear GIFs, Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash or other similar technologies to collect information about the ways you interact with and use the SmartBear Platform, to support and enhance features and functionality, to monitor performance, to personalize content and experiences, for marketing and analytics, and for other lawful purposes. We may also permit third parties that collect information in this way on our behalf and for their own purposes. Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites. For more information about cookies visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
To assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies, we use analytics services such as Google Analytics. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information, please see
“How Google uses data when you use our partners' Platforms or apps.”
You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing
Google’s opt-out browser add-on
.
These cookies may be placed by us (first-party) or by a third party. These cookies may also be Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies
click here
. We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies expire when you close your browser or turn off your device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn off device.
We may use a variety of cookies:
Type of Cookies
Description
Required
Required cookies are essential for the operation of SmartBear Products and Services. They include, for example, cookies that allow you to access secure areas of the Platform and using our services.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how you use the SmartBear Products and Services, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. The information collected via these cookies is only used to improve how the Platform functions and performs.
Functionality
Functionality cookies allow the Platform to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of the Platform after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Targeting or Advertising
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Platform. We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Platform. The information provided to third parties does not include Personal Data, but this information may be re-associated with Personal Data after we receive it.
By way of example, as you visit the Platform, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with the Platform.
Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Platform or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Most internet browsers accept cookies by default. You can accept, or block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to reject all or some cookies. You may also be able to change your cookie preferences via the Platform. The help and support area on your internet browser should have instructions on how to block or delete cookies. Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you to when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all of the features available through the SmartBear Products and Services.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For more details on your choices regarding use of your web browsing activity for interest-based advertising you may visit the following sites:
networkadvertising.org
optout.aboutads.info
youradchoices.com
youronlinechoices.eu
On a mobile device, you may also be to adjust your settings to permit or limit ad tracking.
7. Children Under the Age of 13
The Platform is meant for adults and we will not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. The Platform is not designed to attract the attention of persons under the age of 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information you can email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
. You can also write to us at the address listed in the “Contact Us” section of this Notice. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Inquiry.”
8. Your Choices
Depending on where you are located, you may have certain choices about how we use your personal information, including the right to access, receive a copy of, correct, delete, and opt-out of the processing of, your Personal Data. To exercise your rights (including to opt-out of marketing communications) please email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
or by following the instructions included in the email or text correspondence.
Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain correspondence, we may still need to contact you with important transactional or administrative information, as permitted by law. Additionally, if you withdraw your consent or object to processing, or if you choose not to provide certain personal information, we may be unable to provide some or all of the services to you.
9. California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California’s Shine the Light statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83), you can control if we share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes. To opt-out of us sharing your personal information with third parties for such purposes, email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
include “Marketing Opt-Out” in your request.
In addition, pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”), California residents may have certain other rights concerning their personal information. This section describes (i) the categories of personal information collected and disclosed by SmartBear, subject to CCPA, (ii) your privacy rights under CCPA, and (iii) how to exercise those rights.
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
a. Personal Information We Collect.
During the past twelve (12) months we and our service providers have collected the categories of personal information set forth below. We may disclose each of these categories of personal information to our service providers for our business purposes (to enable the service providers to provide their services) and as otherwise described in the “How We Disclose Personal Information” section above. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes without providing you notice.
Identifiers (for example, name, postal address, date of birth, email address, IP address, and online identifiers);
Categories of personal information as defined by Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80 (for example, name, signature, Taxpayer Identification Number, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license number, insurance policy number, account numbers);
Protected classifications under California or federal law (for example, age, citizenship status, national origin or ancestry);
Commercial information (for example, transaction history);
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information on your usage of our Sites;
Geolocation data;
Sensory data (for example, audio from call recordings);
Employment related information; and
Inferences drawn from any information identified above to create a profile.
b. Your Privacy Rights.
In accordance with the CCPA, California residents may exercise, under certain conditions, the following privacy rights with respect to their personal information.
Please note
: you will
not
be discriminated against in any way if you exercise the rights listed below, which means we will not deny goods or services to you, provide different prices or rates for goods or services to you, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
Privacy Right
Description
Notice
You may have the right to be notified, at or before the point of collection, of the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which they will be used and shared.
Access
You may have the right to request the categories of personal information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such personal information is collected and shared. You may also have the right to request the categories of personal information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your personal information.
Data Portability
You may have the right to receive a portable copy of the personal information you have previously provided to us.
Erasure
You may have the right to ask us to delete (and have us direct our service providers to delete) your personal information. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required or permitted to retain your personal information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law (including free speech rights); or (4) to otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
To Opt-Out
We do not sell your personal information. If in the future we do sell your personal information, we will notify you and you may have the right to opt-out of such sale.
c. How to Exercise Your Rights.
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to
Privacy@smartbear.com
, or call us toll free at +1 (617) 684 2600.
d. How We Respond to Your Requests.
In all cases, we will respond to your request within 45 days. However, where reasonably necessary, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days, provided we send you notice of such extension first. We will provide the information to you via your preferred delivery mechanism. If the information is provided to you electronically, we will provide you the information in a portable format and, to the extent technically feasible, in a machine readable, readily usable format that allows you to freely transmit this information without hindrance.
Please note that we will not charge you for making a request, provided that you make no more than two (2) requests per year. If you make three (3) or more requests in any given twelve (12) month period, we may refuse to respond to such requests, if determined by us to be unfounded or excessive (e.g. repetitive in nature), or we may charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested. If we refuse to act on the request, we will provide you notice and the reason for our refusal to act.
10. Information for Individuals in the EU and UK
In accordance with European and UK law (collectively, the “GDPR”), individuals in the EU and/or UK may have additional rights relating to the collection and processing of personal information.
a. Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing the personal information described in this Notice will depend on the personal information concerned and the context in which we process it. We process personal information from you:
where we need it to perform a contract with you;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests (including the purposes described, above, in
How We Use personal information
);
where the processing is necessary for us to meet our applicable legal obligations; or
if we otherwise have your consent.
b. Your Privacy Rights
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request access
to your personal information.
Request correction
of your personal information.
Request erasure
of your personal information. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal information.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal information..
Request the transfer
of your personal information to you or to a third party.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or would like further information please contact us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
. Depending on the nature of your request, we may need to verify your identity.
Depending on where you are located, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning personal information. We encourage you to first reach out to us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
or using the address in the “Contact Us” section below, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.
11. Storage, Security and Retention of Information
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information users share with us, including, but not limited to, setup of processes, equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information. No transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure, however, so please always use caution when submitting personal information. We will retain your personal information in compliance with the uses described in this Notice, as well as to comply with our legal, financial reporting, or compliance obligations.
12. Transfers of Personal Information
We process and store personal information both inside the United States and overseas. If you live outside of the United States, be advised that we may transfer your personal information to the United States and other countries, whose laws may not provide the same protections as the laws in your country. Personal information transferred outside of the European Economic Area will be subject to the appropriate safeguards pursuant to GDPR and other applicable law, including without limitation, standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
13. Data Privacy Framework
SmartBear complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  SmartBear has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  SmartBear has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over SmartBear’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, SmartBear commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact SmartBear at:
Legal Department
SmartBear Software Inc.
450 Artisan Way
Somerville, MA 02145
Phone: +1 (617) 684-2600
privacy@smartbear.com
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, SmartBear commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If you have a complaint that we have violated the DPF Principles that has not been resolved by other means, you may have the ability to invoke binding arbitration as outlined more fully at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
We may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If we transfer your personal data onward to a third party, we will continue to remain liable under the DPF Principles if the information is processed in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
14. Links to Third Parties and their Sites
Our Platform may include third party content and links to third party websites and services that collect personal information. We do not control these third parties and this Notice does not apply to their privacy practices. We are not responsible for the practices of these third parties or how they use information you provide to them. Please read the third parties’ privacy policies carefully.
15. Contacting SmartBear
If you have any questions about this Notice or the privacy practices of SmartBear please email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
Our European representative can be contacted by email at
Privacy@smartbear.com
, or by writing to:
General Counsel, Legal Dept.
Mayoralty House, Flood Street
Galway, Ireland
Our United Kingdom representative can be contacted by email at
Privacy@Smartbear.com
, or by writing to:
General Counsel, Legal Dept.
3 More London Riverside
London, SE1 2AQ
England
If you are contacting us to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information as detailed in this Notice, we ask you to please adhere to the following guidelines:
Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising
: Specify which right you want to exercise and the personal information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your authority to act on such consumer’s behalf;
Help Us Verify Your Identity
: Provide us enough information to verify your identity. For example, provide us (at a minimum) your full name, address, and phone number. Please note that if we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any personal information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
Direct Our Response Delivery
: Inform us of the delivery mechanism with which you prefer to receive our response. You may specify, for example, email, mail, or through your account (if you have one with us).
Please note that you do not need to create an account with us in order to make a request to exercise your rights hereunder.
16. Updates
This Notice may be amended from time-to-time. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Notice will apply immediately upon posting to the Platform so please check our site periodically for updates. You can see when this Notice was last updated by reviewing the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. We will provide notice of material changes by updating the Notice here, and communicating with you in the manner and format in which we typically communicate with you in our regular course of business, as required by applicable law.
LOGIN
Additional SmartBear Tools
AlertSite
QAComplete
BitBar
SwaggerHub
CucumberStudio
VisualTest
LoadNinja
Additional Links
SmartBear Community
Case Management
License System
Sub-policy 5
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 6
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account
Sub-policy 7
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Get 1.1.1.1
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 8
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out