404 Not Found
The page you are looking for does not exist or another error occurred.
		Go back to the
PushBell Homepage
and try again!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.pushbell.info/privacy:
Privacy Policy
PushBell is serious about the security and privacy of our users. PushBell is committed to
			maintain the privacy, integrity and security of any personal information about our users.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how we protect personal information we collect in
			connection with your use of the Service and how we use and in some cases disclose that information. "Personal
			information" for purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name or e-mail
			address. This Policy is subject to the provisions our Terms of Service, which are incorporated by reference.
What Personal Information We Collect
When you use PushBell, you send pieces of data to PushBell; this can be a name, an e-mail
			address, or information relating to your appointment. When you sign up for a PushBell User Account from our mobile
			app, you are required to provide an e-mail address (which will be used as your login ID) and to create an account
			password (collectively the "Registration Information"). Other data is generated implicitly by your use of
			PushBell, e.g. log data. We use this information for internal analytical purposes to improve the product for you.
			Furthermore, we employ other companies to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share this information with
			them to provide services to you. We do not sell your data to third parties.
While using the Service, the PushBell app will routinely synchronize your notification
			data with PushBell servers. These requests sent from your PushBell device client app include information that
			identify your device operating system version, your device hardware manufacturer and model number.
PushBell records certain requests and transactions in log files. This log data is used
			for troubleshooting, statistics, analytics, quality assurance, and to monitor system security and can be analyzed
			to that end. PushBell can publish anonymous statistics under the condition that no personally identifiable
			information can be derived from such statistics.
PushBell also uses Google Analytics and Google Firebase Analytics (for iOS and Android
			apps) to compile usage statistics. These services are provided by Google, Inc., respectively. Their privacy
			policies can be found at
https://www.google.com/privacy
and
https://firebase.google.com/terms
.
PushBell works with
Crashlytics,
			Inc (“Crashlytics”)
to report any bug affecting our iOS and Android Apps. Crashlytics’ software is built into
			our iOS app and Android app. If either app crashes during normal use, the app will send certain information about
			the incident to Crashlytics as applicable. This information consists of the device type, OS version and certain
			hardware information about your mobile device, and the time of the crash, the state of the application at the time
			of the crash, and stack traces. Read more at
https://firebase.google.com/terms/
to review Crashlytics’ privacy policy.
How We Use Personal Information
PushBell uses your personal information to:
Provide you with the Service
Analyze the Service usage and improve the Service
Perform internal market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, and to detect and
				protect against error, fraud or other criminal activity
Inactive Accounts
PushBell can delete user accounts if they remain inactive (i.e. not accessed) for 1 year
			or longer.
Transfer of Personal Data Abroad
We are entitled to transfer your Personal Data abroad, including to third party companies
			(designated service providers) insofar as this is expedient for the Data Processing described in this Privacy
			Statement.
Sharing Personal Information
PushBell uses personal information according to the Terms of Service and this Privacy
			Policy. PushBell may share personal information with other companies or individuals only in the following limited
			circumstances: (i) PushBell has your consent; (ii) PushBell has good faith that there is a legal obligation to
			share the data; (iii) PushBell needs to access or share the data to protect the security of the service or of
			others users’ data; (iv) PushBell needs to access or share the data to protect PushBell’s rights and property or
			to enforce the Terms of Service.
Data Retention
We shall only retain your data for as long as is legally necessary or in accordance with
			the purpose for which they were processed. If we carry out analyses, we shall store your data until the analysis
			has been concluded. If we store your data on the basis of a contractual relationship with you, these data will
			remain stored for at least the duration of the contractual relationship and at most for the duration of the
			limitation periods within which any claims may be brought by or against us, or for the duration of statutory or
			contractual duties of retention.
Legal Basis
We shall only process your Personal Data in accordance with principles of data protection
			and if there is a legal basis to do so. If in furtherance of the establishment or implementation of our contract,
			it shall serve as the legal basis. Otherwise, we have an interest in continuously improving our Offers, adjusting
			our Offers in line with your needs and showing you advertising that may be of interest to you. This is necessary
			in order to develop our Offers further, as well as to be able to finance and guarantee the security of our Offers.
			We act on the presumption that our interests are predominant. If you have consented to data Processing, this
			consent will apply.
Right of Erasure
In accordance with applicable European legislation you can delete your account and the
			notification data from the system.
Contact Person
If you have questions regarding data protection, need information or want your data to be
			deleted please contact us.
Changes
PushBell reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. The most current
			version of this policy is available
here
.
This privacy policy was last updates on September 2, 2024.
Imprint
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy