Hoppy — Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Hoppy Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"). This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, protect, and share your personal data, please read carefully. You should read it closely alongside our
Terms of Service
.
Contents
Who we are?
Who can use Hoppy?
How is my personal data collected and used by Hoppy?
How else does the Hoppy use my data?
What is the legal basis that allows Hoppy to use my data?
How long will Hoppy keep my data?
What information does Hoppy collect about me if I’m under the minimum age?
Who does Hoppy share information with?
What information can other users access about me?
Your rights
How does Hoppy protect my personal data?
Where is my personal data kept?
Why did I receive an Apple Tracking Transparency prompt?
Does Hoppy collect any other personal data about me?
Does Hoppy use my personal data for any other purpose?
Does Hoppy use cookies?
Who we are
Hoppy App Limited ("
Hoppy
", "
we
", "
us
" or "
our
") is a company incorporated in Barbados under company number 52163 and located at The Gables Haggatt Hall, Saint Michael, Barbados is the controller responsible for your personal data.
Hoppy has designated a Data Protection Officer and they can be reached by emailing
dpo@hoppy.com
or by post at the address above.
Who can use Hoppy?
You must be aged 18 or over to use the App. When you sign up to use the App you will be asked to confirm your date of birth so that we can check that you are 18 or over. If you are not aged 18 or over you are not permitted to use the App.
Other registration restrictions may apply (e.g. age, location, other enrollment), and if so, we let you know during the registration process in-App.
How is my personal data collected and used by Hoppy?
In this Privacy Policy, we use the terms 'personal data' and 'personal information' to refer to the same type of information, meaning information that identifies, relates to, or can be reasonably linked directly or indirectly to you. You should interpret this Privacy Policy accordingly, under the applicable laws where you live.
Hoppy (the App) is the social dating app, where friends help friends data. The App allows users to exchange audio and multimedia messages with each other publicly or privately, and to share certain of their interactions with other users of the App, for them to interact with as well.
Registration
When you sign up for an User Account after downloading the App, we will collect certain information to create your account (
“Account Information”
) and create your profile (
“Profile Information”
) from, which may include your:
Account Information:
Your phone number;
Email address (if you have ever provided one, as further set out below);
Date of birth;
Profile Information:
Your first name;
Your age;
Photographs (at least 2);
Gender identity;
Dating preferences;
Username (which doesn’t need to be your real name);
Bio (if you choose to write one)
Day-to-day profession;
Spoken languages;
Location (whether by providing location access from your phone, telling us your location or telling us where you grew up and where you are currently living in your profile information);
Education information (level of study, where you currently study, etc.);
Lifestyle information, including interests and habits (such as the type of music you listen to, whether you have/want kids, drinking or smoking and more);
Social media account handles (whether or not these accounts are linked to your Hoppy User Account);
Contacts
If you participate in one of our referral programs, you may also grant the App access to the contacts on your device to more easily invite them to become users of the App. Please ensure you have obtained contacts’ consent before sharing their personal data with us.
Hoppy users found in your contact list may be recommended to you in the App, for the purposes of facilitating your interactions together.
No one will be able to see the contact number you registered with. They will only see the limited profile information as set out above.
Location settings
If you have given the App access to your location in your device settings, when you use the App we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device’s coordinates to offer certain features to you as part of the Services.
The location you share on your profile will be shown at city level in your profile in the App.
Separately, we may offer you the option to use your location in order to connect and/or engage with other users based on your geographic location and its proximity to theirs.
If you have given the App access to your location, but wish to stop, you can do so by the following methods:
iPhone app — settings, privacy, location services, Hoppy
Android — settings, security and location, location, Hoppy
Profile information
You control your user profile. These details are available to you at any time by accessing your profile in the App. You can correct and update the information in your profile at any time but you are only able to change your date of birth once within the profile. If you have any issues, you can contact Hoppy’s Customer Support Team through the App
Be careful about posting private and sensitive details about yourself on your profile, in chats or in comments. Remember that this can be seen by other Hoppy users
(for more on this, see “
What information can other users access about me?
” below). Any photographs, hashtags or even profile elements that you post on the App may reveal these kinds of special category data such as religious beliefs, your ethnic origin, your political opinions, your health, your sexual orientation and sex life. Where you do include this type of information in your profile, you are explicitly consenting to Hoppy processing your information and making this public to other users. You can change your profile at any time to remove this information.
Phone number verification
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify the mobile phone number that they use to register for a User Account. To do this we send a code to the mobile phone number that is provided and that code must be entered into the App to enable an account to be created. We want to make sure you are not a robot! And we also want to avoid fake Hoppy accounts being created which can be used for malicious activities and cyber crime – they threaten the App network and spoil things for everyone. We use third party providers for account verification who will keep your phone number for up to 90 days for fraud identification purposes. The third party provider used will depend on the verification method you have chosen (currently SMS, and in certain markets, SMS and voice calls).
Linked accounts
The App allows you to link your User Account with your Facebook, Instagram or Twitter account(s). Linking a third-party social account will share some information from that account directly to your Hoppy app profile (for example, by allowing other users on the App to find your Instagram page directly from your Hoppy profile).
We will only receive the limited information that Facebook, Instagram or Twitter permits to be transferred to us, as agreed between you and the relevant platform(s).
In order for that information to stop being displayed on your Hoppy profile, you can delete it directly on the App. To stop sharing your account information from Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, you should also update your settings on that account (on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter) and follow the instructions to remove the App’s access permissions.
Subscribing to marketing communications
You do not need to provide us with your email address to register and begin using the App. From time to time, we may offer you the ability to subscribe to marketing communications by email. If you subscribe to marketing communications by email (including our newsletter, insights and any other marketing-related communications), the email address you provide will be linked to your User Account to enable its recovery, in case you lose your phone and/or change phone numbers. Any such emails may be provided using the services of a third party service provider, such as HubSpot. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email. After you unsubscribe, we will continue to offer you the ability to recover your User Account using the email address you provided. You may also separately provide your email address to us in your account settings, for account recovery, without subscribing to marketing communications.
Content and profile recommendations
We want to show you engaging content and, if you’re dating on the App, we want to recommend users that are suited to your preferences. To this end, we’ve developed a recommendation engine that evaluates various signals from user behaviour within the App. Based on these signals, we aim to optimise profile suggestions for every user, so our users find their friends' content to engage with, or someone special to talk to if they’re interested in dating. Our systems use a variety of factors and sometimes employ machine learning to determine the order of content and profile recommendations.
The data we rely on to power this engine includes your Profile Information, past interactions with users, the manner in which you interacted (chatting, commenting, replying, or more), the type of media you shared, and of course how other users engaged with it. We of course also rely on your device’s location data, in order to find you a good match and content you will (hopefully) be interested in. Your mandatory Profile Information and geolocation data is essential for delivering the Services to you. Additionally, information pertaining to your App usage is processed based on our legitimate interest in providing user recommendations and delivering content to users. When we process additional optional Profile Information you provide, like information about your religious or political beliefs, our processing of this information is contingent upon your explicit and voluntary consent by inputting that optional information.
Casting, contests and referrals
If you participate in one of our casting initiatives, contests, referral programs or other special activities, we may collect additional information about you as necessary to administer the program, give out any rewards, and comply with applicable laws. For example, if you participate in our casting activities, we will collect your email address as part of the registration process. We describe the types of information we collect as part of these activities when you sign up to participate in them.
Moderation
To prevent abuse of the App/site, Hoppy uses a team of moderators, as well as certain automated tools and decisions-making processes, to monitor and review User Accounts (including information used during registration and information uploaded onto user profiles), chats, comments and messages for content that indicates breaches of our Terms of Service. If an account, chat, comment or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms of Service are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will automatically be blocked, or other action may be taken in accordance with our
Guidelines
. All users of accounts that have been blocked will be notified that their account has been blocked and affected users can contact Hoppy to contest the decision.
Please note that if your User Account is blocked, any account(s) that you have on our other group platforms/applications may also be blocked as part of our anti-spam and anti-fraud procedures.
How else does the App collect and use my data?
Data collected automatically
When you use the App we automatically collect certain information, including the unique device identifier assigned to your device (“
Device ID
”) and other information regarding your access to or use of Hoppy. We collect information about your browser type, referring domain (this is information about a third party site that you were on before you clicked through to the Hoppy site) and mobile carrier. We use this information to check that it is you using the App, to see how you are using the App service so that we can improve the Services, to keep track of your preferences and to create a more tailored user experience.
Data we collect from others
In addition to the data you directly provide us, some data may be received from others, including:
Other users: Users you interact with on the App might provide us with information about you from time to time. For example, another user may upload their address book to the App, and it may contain your phone number and full name, even if you haven’t provided this to us directly.
Third party partners: When we publish ads with third party advertising partners, those partners may share information about the performance of those ads, and link the data to the users who consumed them (aka ‘tracking’). In some cases, the amount of tracking data our partners share with us will depend on your device settings across the board. In other cases, the amount of data we are able to collect will depend on the information you specifically opt to share with us.
Other data you choose to share with us
Tracking data:
By allowing the App to track you, you are consenting to Hoppy obtaining certain more detailed information about you. For more information on the exact information collected when you opt in to track your activity, please consult the ‘App Privacy’ section of the App’s page on the App Store if you are an iPhone user, and the Data safety section on the App’s page in the Google Play Store if you are an Android user.
For iOS 14.5 (or later) users: If you opt out of tracking on your device, we will not link identifiable information from third-party companies' apps and websites with identifiable information from the App for advertising purposes. Further information on how to control tracking settings is available
below
.
Location data
: If you are prompted by the App to share your location, this is optional. If you decline permission for us to collect location data, we will not collect it, and you can still use the app. However, if you give us permission to collect your location data, we will be able to determine your latitude and longitude with a degree of accuracy that depends on the services and device you are using. Your settings may allow us to collect location information only while you are using the app, or to do so at all times. In all cases, this remains optional.
What is the legal basis that allows Hoppy to use my data?
We are only permitted to use your data when we have a lawful basis to do so or there is an exception under which Hoppy is allowed to use your data. The table below provides an overview of the legal bases that Hoppy relies on to use your data, unless you are in Mexico or the US in which case the "Legal basis" column does not apply to you.
Purpose for which data is used
Data
Legal basis
To provide you with the App and the Services.
Name, date of birth, photo, mobile phone number, location
Contract performance with the data subject/conclusion of contract with data subject
To allow you to engage in chat with other users of the App and to allow users to listen to those chats
The minimum amounts of Account Information and Profile Information we require to set up your User Account and profile, which may include information about your your age, sexual preferences, non-binary gender, and any information you voluntarily make publicly available to other users during your chat(s)
Contractual necessity, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interest to allow users to use the Hoppy App to engage in conversations, and for other users to listen to those chats and engage with them
To help you communicate with other users and take advantage of the Services
Optional information that you choose to provide in your questions, chats, replies, comments, multimedia sent via the App and your profile, which may include information about yourself, your work history, or your education, additional photos etc.
Consent
To connect you with other users near you and allow you to listen to, and engage with, conversations with other users based on your and their respective locations
WiFi access points and location data when you use the App (if you give us permission)
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to provide this functionality as part of the Services.
To restore your access to the App and the Services if your device and phone number are lost
Phone number, date of birth, email address (if you have provided one)
Contractual necessity, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to restore your access to our products and services
To administer contests, referral programs and other special activities
Name, date of birth, gender, mobile phone number, referral code, any other information that you include in your profile, and conversations that you have over the app
Contractual necessity
To verify your age and identity, prevent fraud, ensure the safety and security of users and comply with tax and other applicable laws
Name, address, date of birth, mobile phone number, unique device identifier, social insurance number, taxpayer identification number or other government-issued number or identification
If you are in Chile, consent.
Otherwise, compliance with legal obligations, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to ensure that accounts are not set up fraudulently, to safeguard users of the Services, and to verify the information of users and participants in our special activities
To send you marketing-related electronic communications which you have specifically requested
Username and email address (if provided)
Consent
To send you other marketing information about our offers and services
Mobile phone number, account information
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to promote our products and services
To measure the performance of the advertising initiatives for our products and services and to optimise the delivery of ads, including by serving follow-up ads to you.
Optional tracking information you choose to share through your mobile device’s privacy settings.
The data we collect from third party partners is set out in Hoppy’s page on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, as applicable.
Consent
To show city location information to you and other users
Location data when you use the Services
Consent
To take payment for fee- based services and to process cash-outs
PayPal ID, name, address, payment card details, bank account details, iTunes account details, type of payments, amounts paid and withdrawn
Contract performance with the data subject/conclusion of contract with data subject or legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to make this feature available to users as part of the Services and to promote our products and services.
To contact you in order to run surveys for research purposes and to obtain feedback
Email address and mobile phone number
If you are in Chile, consent.
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to make this function available to users as part of the Services. Such surveys are optional.
To carry out research and analysis to help us improve the Services
Log and usage data, including IP address, traffic statistics, clickstream data, mobile carrier and search terms
If you are in Chile or Russia, consent.
Otherwise, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to analyse the way in which users are accessing and using Hoppy so that we can further develop and improve the Services
To respond to correspondence and queries that you submit to us
Mobile phone number, account information, email address,IP address and any information you provide in your correspondence and queries
If you are in Chile, consent.
Otherwise, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to respond to your queries to ensure that we provide a good service to users and troubleshoot problems
To block accounts as part of our anti-spam procedures
Email address, phone number, IP address and IP session information, username, user agent string
If you are in Chile, consent.
Otherwise, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorised behaviour and to maintain the safety and security of the Services
To block payment transactions as part of our anti-fraud procedures
Name, IP address,email address,mobile number, cardholder name, payments received, type of payment, user ID, country
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorised behaviour and to maintain the safety and security of the Services
To help you and others find people you may know.
Contact list from your device
Consent
To help you filter inbound messages from people you do know from those you don’t.
Contact list from your device
If you are 18 or over, consent.
If you are under 18, compliance with legal obligations, legitimate interests - it is in our legitimate interests to safeguard underage users of the Services.
To enable you to invite others to join the app and participate in one of our referral programs.
Contact list from your device
Consent
How long will Hoppy keep my data?
We keep your personal date only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as set out above) and as permitted by applicable law.
In practice, we delete or anonymise (if permitted by applicable law) your information (other than conversations with other active users) upon deletion of your account, unless:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law;
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law;
there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
to the extent permitted by law, the information may be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users’ safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behaviour or security incidents from opening a new account, or to enable you to re-activate and restore your account during the 30 days after you close your account.
Please note that your conversations with other users via the App may not be deleted if you delete your account if these conversations are with other active users of the App. In addition, deleted information may persist for up to 30 days in backup copies, after you close your account, to enable restoration.
Where Hoppy uses machine learning, for example, to help us detect and prevent fraudulent card transactions, and to detect and prevent spam communications on the app (as explained above), we may need to keep personal data for a longer period than the retention periods explained above, to enable the machine learning to work properly, and if it is permitted by applicable laws. Where this is the case, we always seek to minimise the amount of personal data that is used and we ensure that it is ring-fenced and kept securely from other user personal data. We regularly review the period for which personal data is required for machine learning purposes and delete any identifiable information when it is no longer required.
What information does Hoppy collect about me if I’m under the minimum age to use Hoppy?
Hoppy does not knowingly collect any information about or market to anyone under the minimum age set out in the “Who can use Hoppy?” section above. If we become aware that somebody who is under the minimum age has registered with us and provided us with personal data, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration and delete their profile information from Hoppy. If we do delete a profile because you violated our age restriction rules, we may retain your mobile number and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new profile.
Does Hoppy share my information with third parties?
Primarily, we share the information you publish on the App with the users you interact with, or who interact with your content.
We may share aggregated information that includes your personal data (but which doesn’t identify you directly), together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling.
In addition, we share your data with the following categories of third-parties:
Service providers, to host and deliver the Services to users, maintain and secure our systems, develop new features, conduct data analysis and create reports, evaluate performance, and improve the Services and the technology that underpins it.
Marketing service providers, to help us deliver targeted advertising on third-party websites and applications and to measure the effectiveness of our campaigns. For example, we may share your device's advertising identifier, estimated location, elements of Account Information or Profile Information and data about your interactions with our sites or App.
Social media service providers, to allow you to connect your Hoppy account with your account on those platforms.
Fraud prevention and anti-spam providers to protect the service from criminal activity
Our community and safety teams, including moderators, to monitor activity on the site/Apps and approve content
Law enforcement agencies, where we are required to by law, where there is an investigation into alleged criminal behaviour, or to protect the vital interests of a person
We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Policy. Measures are taken to ensure that the data shared is non-attributable to the greatest extent possible.
In the event that Hoppy or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re- organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.
Your data may be shared with other Hoppy affiliates (entities controlled by, controlling, or under common control with Hoppy), for example, to block accounts and suspected fraudulent payment transactions as part of our anti-spam and anti-fraud procedures. Our affiliates are either subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
What information can other users access about me?
You can use and enjoy Hoppy while sharing only minimal personal information with other users. Please be careful about what information you do share – you should assume that such information may eventually be made publicly available by the people you share it with.
Profile information
Profile Information you choose to provide when you set up or update your profile will be visible to users who view your profile. Most of this information is optional. Please think carefully about what information you choose to share. In addition, your date of birth (which is Account Information) may be used to display your approximate age on your profile to other users.
Information you share in your interactions on the App
When you disclose information in a question, chat or message, you are sharing information with any other users, and doing so publicly. , at least to some degree. You should assume that your interactions are already visible to other users, and not just your match. When you post a question, that question will be visible to any users who land on your profile (or question) in the app. Underneath the question, the first reply from each user will be visible (and audible!) to everyone, and each of those users’ profiles will be accessible by clicking on the reply. Subsequent interactions after the first reply will be visible to the participants in the conversation, as well as their respective teams (see below).
Your past questions,and replies to other people’s questions may be displayed in your profile. The same applies to other information you share on your profile. Please be careful about posting sensitive information in questions, chats, comments, replies, or on your profile (ex: medical history, political or religious views).
You may choose to include personal data on your profile, including by writing a bio. Other personal data may be derived from any hashtags, avatar settings or accessories, or badges you add to your profile. However, adding any personal data to your profile is 100% optional. Where you choose to upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of this information and making it public to other users.
All or part of your Hoppy profile, the content you create on Hoppy, and other information added through third party accounts (see “Linked accounts” above) may be viewed by both users and non-users of the app via the web. Similarly, your profile may be shared using a direct URL (hoppy.com/username) or Hoppy’s in-app sharing functionality.
Information accessible to your team
Your team is an invite-only group of users who have special access to your interactions on the app. Here’s what you need to know about how your team can interact with your information:
Members of your team can view your complete chat history with your matches. This allows them to provide feedback and support on your interactions. Your team can comment on your chats and interactions with other users. This feature is designed to help you improve interactions with matches.
When you share information in with your team, that information will be visible to users who join the team in the future. You should assume that such information will be made publicly available. Even if there are currently only a few people in your teamgroup chat, it may be shared externally, or more people may join the team.
We prioritize your privacy and ensure that only invited team members have access to your information. You have control over who is in your team. If you have any concerns about the information accessible to your team or need assistance managing your team members, please contact us at support@hoppy.com.
Information you share with your matches
The user you are chatting with and members of their in-App team will be able to access information you share with them. We do not make it accessible for other users to see. However, you should assume that anything you disclose, even in a private chat, isn’t going to stay private forever, and may even be shared by the other user by inviting their friends to share advice, taking a screenshot or screen recording. If you wish to receive a transcript of your messages with another user, we may only share it with you with that user’s consent.
Note that chats configured as a ‘group chat’ are not the same as direct messages – in certain cases, they may be joined by any user with a valid invitation link, and the chat history will be visible to them (see above).
Please also note that in certain countries, under local law, users have the right to download a copy of their conversation history, and we can’t control how they use it.
Blocked users
When you block another user on Hoppy, we limit the amount of your information that the blocked user’s account can see about you, and the ways they can interact with you, the chats you participate in on the App or the content you publish on the App.
If you are having any issues with a user you have blocked, or you believe that user has breached our
Terms of Service
, please report them to us from within the app or contact
support@hoppy.com
.
Following up on reports
If someone reports you for bad behaviour on the App (for example: breaching our Terms of Use), in addition to the actions we may take under our
Guidelines
, we may provide them with further details on any action taken as a result of their report.
Your rights
UK/EU
Under UK and European law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with data protection regulators. If you are based or the issue you would like to complain about took place in the UK, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find out how to raise a concern with the ICO by visiting their website at
www.ico.org.uk
. If you’re based or the issue you would like to complain about took place within the European Economic Area, you can complain to your local data protection regulator and a list of their contact details can be found
here
.
You have a number of rights under UK/European data protection law.
Right to be informed: what personal data an organisation is processing and why (we provide this information to you in this notice).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it corrected.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you have the right to request that processing is stopped but the data retained.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of your data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests or for the purposes of marketing) you may object to that processing.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision which has legal or significant effects for the individual. In these circumstances your rights include the right to ensure that there is human intervention in the decision-making process.
If you want to exercise any of your rights listed above please visit Feedback Page or email us at
support@hoppy.com
. You can also contact us by post at The Gables Haggatt Hall, Saint Michael, Barbados.
California
If you are a California resident, please note the following about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information, including additional rights you may have to your personal information:
CA Personal Information
. Consistent with the
“What is the legal basis that allows Hoppy to use my data”
section above, we may collect certain categories of information about California residents, such as:
Identifiers
: name, gender, address, data of birth, photo, mobile phone number, e-mail address, IP address, username, device ID and contact list; if a California resident participates in certain programs or contests we administer, we may also ask them to provide social security number, taxpayer identification number, and government-issued number or identification;
Commercial Information
: PayPal ID, payments received, type of payment, and details of payments;
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
: traffic statistics, clickstream data, mobile carrier, and search terms;
Geolocation Data
: physical location of a California resident’s mobile device;
Audio information
: audio streams and recordings;
Professional or employment-related information
: if a California resident submits an application to work for us, we may collect their professional or employment-related information and work history;
Education information
: if a California resident participates in certain programs we administer, we may collect information about their educational institution.
The above categories of personal information correspond with the categories of personal information listed under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(o)(1)(A), (D), (F), (G), (H), (I) and (J).
Sources of CA Personal Information
. Consistent with the
“How is my personal information used by Hoppy?”
section above, we may collect personal information directly from California residents, and automatically when they use Hoppy.
Use of CA Personal Information
. We process California residents’ personal information for the purposes outlined in the
“What is the legal basis that allows Hoppy to use my data”
section above.
CA Personal Information Sold or Disclosed for Business Purposes.
Sharing Personal Information for Business Purposes
: We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity, Geolocation Data, and other information to information technology, fraud prevention and anti-spam services providers.
No Sale of Personal Information
: We do not sell California residents’ personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
CA Privacy Rights
. If you are a California resident and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the following rights:
Right to Know and Delete
: you may have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell about you specifically (“right to know”) and/or to delete the personal information we hold about you. To submit a request to exercise these rights, please submit an email request to
support@hoppy.com
and include “CCPA Request” in the subject line. To protect your and others’ privacy and security, we will verify your identity before responding to any request, and may ask you to provide us with information matching the identifiers and commercial information already maintained by Hoppy about you or additional proof where necessary. If you are making this request on behalf of someone else, we may request the authorized agent provide us with a copy of a valid power of attorney or evidence of the written authorization. You will not be penalized or discriminated against for exercising your rights to your personal information.
Right to Opt-Out (“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”)
. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business. We do not sell your personal information.
Shine the Light
: California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you can write to us at
dpo@hoppy.com
.
“Do Not Track”
: Under California law, operators of online services are required to disclose how they respond to “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party online services, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. This law also requires operators of online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different online services when the users use the operator’s service.
Russia
Under Russian law you have the right to obtain information relating to your personal data. You have the right to obtain from us rectification of your personal data, its blocking or erasure where personal data is incomplete, irrelevant, inaccurate or unlawfully processed, or is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was processed, as well to take any other measures to protect your rights in accordance with the law.
Argentina
Under Argentine law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator.
If you live in Argentina, you have a number of rights under Argentine Data Protection law, for instance:
Right to be informed: what personal data an organisation is processing and why (we provide this information to you in this notice).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of update/rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it updated/rectified.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
Rights related to automated decision-making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision which has legal or significant effects for the individual. In these circumstances your rights include the right to request an understandable explanation of the logic applied in the automated decision-making process.
In Argentina the data owner is entitled to exercise the right of access to his/her/its personal data free of charge at intervals of not less than six months, unless a legitimate interest to that effect is established in accordance with article 14, paragraph 3 of Law No. 25,326. THE PUBLIC INFORMATION ACCESS AGENCY, in its capacity as the Control Entity of Law No. 25,326, has the power to attend complaints and claims filed by those whose rights are affected due to breaches of applicable regulations on personal data protection. The data owner may at any time request the removal or blocking of his/her/its name from the databases referred to in this article. Every communication for advertising purposes that is carried out by mail, telephone, email, Internet or any other future remote means, shall state expressly and prominently the possibility of the data owner to request the withdrawal or blockage, in whole or in part, of his/her/its name from the database. At the request of the interested party, the name of the person responsible or user of the database that provided the information must be reported.
Mexico
If you are in Mexico you have at all times the right to access and view the information we have about you: likewise, you have the right to require such information to be corrected or cancelled; you may oppose our use of your personal data for specific purposes and/or revoke at any time the consent you granted us for the processing of your personal data to the extent permitted by the law. In order to exercise such rights or to ask any questions or complain in relation to the processing of your personal data please contact our Personal Data Department ("PDD"). Please address your request to the following email:
PDD@hoppy.com
.
Your requests will be evaluated in the terms set out in the applicable laws. Our PDD will communicate to you (i) the information required for your identification as well as the documents needed to be sent alongside your request; (ii) the time periods in which you will receive an answer to your request; (iii) how you should file your request, including the forms that you may use to file your request, if any, and; (iv) the form or means in which we will deliver you the information.
In addition, you may limit the use or disclosure of your personal data by sending your request to the PDD at
PDD@hoppy.com
.
If your request is appropriate, the PDD will register you on the exclusion list for the purpose for which the exclusion is applicable.
How does Hoppy protect my personal data?
Hoppy has implemented security measures intended to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal data. Our technical experts at Hoppy work hard to ensure your secure use of our site.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records, no website or internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal data safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use. If you lose your password or give it out, or another service provider that you use suffers a data breach and you have used the same credentials with that service provider as you have with Hoppy, your personal data may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support via Feedback Page.
Where is my personal data kept?
We want you to be able to access Hoppy wherever you happen to be in the world. To enable us to provide that service, we operate a global network of servers including in the US and UK. The hardware is located in third-party data centres but is owned by Amazon. If your personal data is transferred from the UK or the European Union to other countries outside the UK or European Union respectively, we ensure that the data is adequately protected by ensuring that valid, legal mechanisms are in place, such as approved model clauses (which can be found here), and implementing robust contractual standards. If you want more information relating to the nature of the safeguards we have in place please email
dpo@hoppy.com
.
Why did I receive an Apple Tracking Transparency prompt?
If you are an iOS 14.5 (or later) user: Apple’s App Tracking Transparency (ATT) framework requires Hoppy (like all app developers) to ask iOS users for permission before collecting data about them from other companies' apps and websites for advertising targeting or measurement purposes.
Hoppy will display the ATT prompt prior to connecting identifiable data collected from Hoppy with identifiable data from other companies' apps and websites for advertising purposes.
You can opt in or out of tracking at any time as follows:
On your iPhone, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Tracking, where you can see a list of all the apps that have requested to track your activity
Tap to turn Hoppy’s permission to track on or off.
Does Hoppy collect any other personal data about me?
When you submit an enquiry to our Customer Support team through our Contact page, your email address is collected, and your IP address may be monitored. Additionally, any information you provide will be used to assist in addressing your questions or concerns. We will maintain records of our interactions with you, including any complaints you make about other users or that other users make about you, for a period of six years following the deletion of your Account.
Does Hoppy use my personal data for any other purpose?
We may use your personal data to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our
Terms of Service
.
From time to time we may run surveys for research purposes and we may contact you to find out if you would like to take part. Such surveys are optional and more information will be provided at the point of contact. We may also contact you for feedback purposes. If you do not wish to be contacted to take part in a survey, please contact our Customer Support Team at our Feedback Page.
Does Hoppy use ‘cookies’?
When you access the Hoppy site or use the App, we automatically collect personal data through cookies or similar technologies. A cookie is a small file that can be saved on your device or browser, enabling us to recognize and remember you. For more information about cookies, including their use and your available choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy or to the purposes for processing your data will be communicated to you by means that are reasonable, such as by email or a notification on our app. To the extent permitted by law, changes will be effective from the day after publication, unless we let you know otherwise. To the extent permitted by law, your use of our site/app after the Privacy Policy has been updated means you consent to the changes, where applicable.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 22 November 2024.