Master AiChat Privacy Policy
Welcome to visit our products.
Master AiChat
(including
              services provided by App and other products, hereinafter referred
              to as "products and services") is developed and operated by
PatrickStar-thw (hereinafter referred to as "we").
Ensuring the data security and privacy protection of users is our
              top priority. This privacy policy sets out the data collected when
              you access and use our products and services and how it is
              processed.
Please be sure to read carefully and confirm that you fully
              understand all the rules and key points of this Privacy Policy
              before continuing to use our products. Once you choose to use it,
              you are deemed to agree to the entire content of this Privacy
              Policy and agree to our collection and use of you in accordance
              with it. related information. If you have any questions about this
              policy while reading, you can contact our customer service for
              consultation. Please contact us through
thw.starfish@gmail.com or the feedback method in the product.
If you do not agree with the relevant agreement or any terms
              thereof, you should stop using our products and services.
This privacy policy helps you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information;
2. How we store and protect your personal information;
3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal
                information;
4. How we use cookies and other tracking technologies;
1. How we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various types of information
              recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify the
              identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of
              a specific natural person alone or in combination with other
              information. We comply with the requirements of the "Cybersecurity
              Law of the People's Republic of China" and "Information Security
              Technology Personal Information Security Specifications" (GB/T
              35273-2017) and other relevant laws and regulations, and strictly
              follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity, for
              your We collect and use your personal information during the use
              of the services and/or products we provide, including but not
              limited to email address, preferences and interests, etc.
In order to receive our comprehensive product services, you should
              first register a user account through which we will record
              relevant data. All information you provide comes from the data you
              provided when registering. The account name, password, and your
              personal contact information you plan to use, we may verify
              whether your identity is valid by sending a text message or email.
2. How we store and protect your personal information
As a general rule, we only retain your personal information for as
              long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was
              collected. We will retain your personal information for as long as
              strictly necessary to manage our relationship with you (for
              example, when you open an account, obtain services from our
              products). We may need to retain your archived personal
              information beyond the expiration of the above periods for the
              purpose of complying with legal obligations or to demonstrate that
              a right or contract satisfies applicable statutes of limitations
              requirements and will not be able to delete it at your request.
              When your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes or
              archival purposes for which we are subject to legal obligations or
              statutory limitations, we ensure that they are completely deleted
              or anonymized. If you confirm that you no longer use our products
              and services and actively cancel your account as required, all
              information will be completely deleted.
We use industry-standard security measures to protect the personal
              information you provide and encrypt key data to prevent
              unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage
              or loss. We will take all reasonably feasible measures to protect
              your personal information. We will use encryption technology to
              ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection
              mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks.
3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal
              information
When needed to manage our daily business activities and to pursue
              our legitimate interests to better serve our customers, we will
              use your personal information in a compliant and appropriate
              manner. For business and comprehensive consideration of all
              aspects, we only use this data ourselves and do not share it with
              any third parties.
We may share your personal information externally in accordance
              with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory
              requirements of government authorities. Subject to complying with
              laws and regulations, when we receive the above request to
              disclose information, we will require the issuance of
              corresponding legal documents, such as a subpoena or a letter of
              investigation. We firmly believe that the information we are asked
              to provide should be as transparent as possible to the extent
              permitted by law.
In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and
              publicly disclosing your personal information does not require
              your prior authorization and consent:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense
                security;
2. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution,
                trial and judgment execution;
3. To protect your or other individuals’ life, property and
                other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult
                to obtain your consent;
4. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your
                own;
5. Collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed
                information, such as legal news reports, government information
                disclosure and other channels.
6. Necessary to sign and perform the contract according to the
                requirements of the personal information subject;
7. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the
                products or services provided, such as discovering and handling
                product or service failures;
8. Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
4. How we use cookies and other tracking technologies
To ensure the normal operation of the product, we will store small
              data files called Cookies on your computer or mobile device.
              Cookies usually contain an identifier, a product name, and some
              numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, we can store
              data such as your preferences or products, and use it to determine
              whether the registered user has logged in, improve service and
              product quality, and optimize user experience.
We use various cookies for different purposes, including: strictly
              necessary cookies, performance cookies, marketing cookies and
              functional cookies. Some cookies may be provided by external third
              parties to provide additional functionality to our products. We
              will not use Cookies for any purpose other than those stated in
              this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your
              preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer or
              mobile phone. Most web browsers have the function of blocking or
              disabling cookies. You can configure the browser. Blocking or
              disabling the Cookie function may affect your use or be unable to
              fully use our products and services.