Privacy Police
This privacy policy applies to all games and applications
developer
birds_avs
(email: breggan@gmail.com)
The application is completely free and is intended to be used "as is".
This page is used to inform app users about the privacy policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information if someone chooses to use our app.
If you choose to use our application, you consent to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection and use of information
The information we request is stored on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
Automatically collected information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you are using, your mobile device's unique identifier, your mobile device's IP address, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile device.
Does the app collect accurate real-time device location information?
This application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to the information obtained through the Application?
No, we will not share your information with third parties unless required to do so by law.
Automatic data collection and advertising
We work with advertisers and third-party ad networks who need to know how you interact with ads presented on the App, which helps us keep the App free. Advertisers and ad networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, your mobile device's unique ID and Android Advertising ID. These third parties may also receive anonymous information about other applications you have downloaded to your mobile device, mobile websites you visit, your inaccurate location information (such as your zip code), and other inaccurate location information to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising in the Application and elsewhere.

We may also share the information you provide so that our partners can add other available information about you for analysis or advertising purposes.
Log data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the event of an application error, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called log data. This log data may include information such as your device's IP address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistical data.
Security
Your information is secure and secure, and all best practices are followed to ensure that no one can access your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. As such, you are encouraged to review this page periodically for changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately upon posting on this page.
The application is completely free and is intended to be used "as is".
This page is used to inform app users about the privacy policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information if someone chooses to use our app.
If you choose to use our application, you consent to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Support
For any questions, write to support service
breggan@gmail.com