EVENTO SPORTS APPS
PRIVACY POLICY FOR EVENTO MOBILE APP USERS
This privacy policy governs Mobile App Users of the Evento software
	applications for mobile devices created by EVENTO Sports Apps and Mobee
	Event Apps (EVENTO). EVENTO respects your privacy and ensures your personal
	data is handled with due care. The EVENTO Privacy Policy relates to any
	EVENTO Sports App, the related mobile applications (the "App") and how
	EVENTO handle the personal data received via the App.
What information does the EVENTO App obtain and how is it used?
EVENTO User Provided Information
The App obtains information when you choose to "opt in" to receive Push
	Notifications and if you "Allow" Location based information to be shared.
	Opting in to receive this information via an EVENTO App is optional
	however, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the
	features offered by the App or receive important event related information
	unless you "opt in and allow".
EVENTO Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the App may collect certain information automatically,
	including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your
	mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your
	mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and
	information about the way you use the EVENTO App.
Does the EVENTO App collect real-time location information of the
		device?
When you use an EVENTO App, EVENTO may use GPS technology (or other similar
	technology) to determine your current location in order to determine where
	you are located and display your location on a location map. If you do not
	want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should
	turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your
	account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile
	application.
Can an EVENTO Mobile App User Opt-Out?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by
	uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes
	as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile
	application marketplace or network.
EVENTO Data Retention and Managing Your Information
EVENTO will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the
	Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. EVENTO will retain
	Automatically Collected information for up to 18 months and thereafter may
	store it in aggregate. Please note that some or all of the User Provided
	Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the
		EVENTO App?
EVENTO will share your information with third parties only in the ways that
	are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal
		process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect
		our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate
		fraud, or respond to a government request;
EVENTO Mobile App Users Children
EVENTO do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market
	to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that
	his or her child has provided us with information without their consent,
	EVENTO will delete such information from our files within a reasonable
	time.
EVENTO Mobile App Security
EVENTO is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your
	information. EVENTO provides physical, electronic, and procedural
	safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example,
	EVENTO limit access to this information to authorised employees and
	contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop
	or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although EVENTO endeavor
	provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no
	security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
How does EVENTO collect your personal data?
EVENTO collects your personal data in the following situations, among
	others, but not limited to:
1. when you use an EVENTO Sports App;
2. when you use an EVENTO Product that allows the collection of data from
	you;
4. when you contact EVENTO by email or by telephone;
5. when you register for the EVENTO digital newsletter;
What personal data does EVENTO collect?
When you use an Event App produced by EVENTO, EVENTO servers automatically
	store information, such as your URL, IP address, browser type, language and
	device type, and the date and time of the visit.
EVENTO Predictive Tracking
During a sports event, technologies may be deployed that make it possible
	to predict your location at any time (Predictive tracking) by receiving
	data from transponder (aka chip or tag wornby you) and potenitally via a GPS supplied by the event.
	EVENTO may record that information. Spectators of the event (such as family
	and friends) can then track your predicted location in real time. This location information is deleted after the event.
EVENTO Photograph and Selfie Feature
Some of the EVENTO Apps offer the possibility of taking photographs and/or
	selfies. By using EVENTO Apps to make any photographic image, you agree to
	the processing and handling of your photograph by EVENTO.
EVENTO App Users visits to Websites
General visit data and click behaviour are monitored on the EVENTO Apps for
	the following reasons; to improve the provision of information, and to
	provide statistics to event sponsors.
EVENTO Security
EVENTO applies a security level to the processing of the personal data that
	suffices, within the possibilities of current technology, to avoid
	unauthorised access, alteration, publication or loss of your personal data.
	The security of your personal data is dependent on your login data (Bib
	Number and password) being kept secret. You yourself must arrange for that
	by handling your login data with due care and never making them available
	to a third party.
EVENTO App User Right of Inspection and Removal
An EVENTO Mobile App User contacts the event organiser of the event App
	with a request to inspect, update or correct any data and personal details
	displayed within an EVENTO App.
EVENTO and Third-Parties
EVENTO does not pass on your personal data to a third party without your
	consent, unless:
EVENTO is required by law or in an emergency to pass on your personal
		data to public authorities; or
If a reorganisation or a transfer of business activities takes place at
		EVENTO as a result of which EVENTO is required to hand over personal
		data to another organisation.
If you share your data via the App with third-party websites or apps (e.g.
	the public sharing of information via social media), the EVENTO privacy
	policy does not apply to websites and apps of third parties. If EVENTO has
	placed a hyperlink to a third-party website within an EVENTO App, EVENTO
	accepts no responsibility or liability for the manner in which such third
	parties handle personal data and cookies. EVENTO advise you to take note of
	the privacy and cookie policies of such websites before visiting them.
EVENTO Privacy Policy
The name "EVENTO" as used in this privacy policy means the entire EVENTO
	group. The EVENTO group includes Net Project Limited, Mobee Event Apps and
	EVENTO Sports Apps.
This privacy policy may be amended at any time. The most recent privacy
policy can be found at
www.evento.co.nz
. This privacy policy governs every visit to and every use of EVENTO
	platforms and Apps.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact
	EVENTO. Our contact data are: rochelle@evento.co.nz