Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website and video games, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy. Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to luckymiu8668@gmail.com
How we collect information
You may make personal data available to Ironhide when you use our videogames or visiting our websites, accessing to technical support using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services, subscribing to newsletters, purchasing a product (or "in-app purchase) or services within the videogame; using "email this page" or other similar features, otherwise through use of Ironhide videogames where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
Types of information that we collected
Among the types of personal data that our websites and videogames collect, by itself or through third parties, there are: cookies, IP-address and usage data such as what stages you’ve played and when. If you make a purchase, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by the store, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
Complete details on each type of personal data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the data collection.
The personal data may be freely provided by the user, or, in case of usage data, collected automatically when using our videogames.
All data requested by our videogames is mandatory and failure to supply this data may affect the services provided by our videogames. In cases where our videogames specifically state that some data is not mandatory, users are free to not communicate this data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the videogame.
Users who are uncertain about which personal data is mandatory are welcome to contact us.
Any use of cookies – or other tracking tools – by our videogames and websites or by the owners of third-party services used serve the purpose of delivering the service(s) required by the user, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party personal data obtained, published or shared through our videogames and websites and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the data to the owner.
How we process the information
Methods of processing
Ironhide processes the information of users in a proper manner and take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the data.
The processing of data is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to Ironhide, in some cases, the data may be accessible to certain types of people in charge, involved with the operation of the videogames (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors by the owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the data controller at any time.
Payment Information
We’ll collect information related to any purchases you make.
If you purchase in-game virtual currency or items in a game you play any BIGMAN TEAM game website, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address, and financial information.
BIGMAN TEAM’s payment processors do not share your financial information, like credit card numbers, with BIGMAN TEAM, but they may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address, and the items purchased.
When you play BIGMAN TEAM’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, or Amazon), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy.
For these purchases, BIGMAN TEAM does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased.
The information BIGMAN TEAM receives depends on the BIGMAN TEAM Studio game you’re playing and the third-party application.
BIGMAN TEAM’s Terms of Service explain our policies and terms related to charges, billing, third-party credits, and virtual currencies. Please note that purchases of third-party credits or currencies are also subject to those parties’ terms of service and privacy policies.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it