Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Individual Restaurants uses and protects any information that you give to Individual Restaurants, when you use our restaurants, websites, or other services offered by Individual Restaurants.
Individual Restaurants is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Individual Restaurants may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This privacy policy is effective from 26 November 2020.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
date of birth
demographic information such as postcode, visit history, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
CCTV footage from within our restaurants
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs, to continually improve the service we offer and, in particular, for the following reasons:
for internal record keeping, including processing table and event reservations
to send promotional emails about new products, events special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided or to notify you about changes or updates to any of our services
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone or mail.
to process orders for collection and/or delivery where we provide takeaway services
to respond to any correspondence from you, to investigate complaints, queries, safety or security incidents to ensure we provide the best customer service and for any training purposes
to provide essential detection and prevention of fraud, theft and other criminal activities and to comply with our legal, regulatory and compliance obligations
The law allows us to collect and use the information set out above for a number of reasons, including:
with your consent
to perform our contracts with you
Legal compliance
Sometimes we don’t have a choice, we are legally obliged to collect and share information, for example in relation to fraud or criminal activity
Legitimate interest – where we need to use your data as part of the running of our business to provide our excellent services and we will do this in a way that does not materially impact any of your rights, freedoms or interests.
We won’t keep your personal information for longer than is necessary for legitimate business purposes or than is required by law. When required to do so we will always ensure the data retained and, where applicable, shared, is always proportionate and limited to what is necessary.
During the Coronavirus recovery period, we may be asked by the appropriate Government(s) to retain certain personal information for designated periods of time to aid track and trace capabilities. We may be required to share this information, where legally obliged. We will delete this information at the end of the designated time periods.
It’s easy to opt-out
With each marketing communication you receive from Individual Restaurants, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future communications. But you can choose to opt-out at any time, that’s easy too. Simply contact us and we’ll take care of the rest. Just be aware that it may take up to 3 days for all of our systems to be updated.
Sharing your information
We may, on occasion, send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting but as a rule, we do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party or allow them to use it for marketing purposes.
However, as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, we may use your data within our restaurant group of companies and we may share your data with the following categories of companies:
companies that provide the services and support needed to run our restaurants, websites, our reservation system, including payment service providers
law enforcement, cybersecurity companies, fraud prevention and crime reduction agencies, so we can help tackle fraud and criminal activity and to determine risk to customer accounts. We may also receive information from these bodies and use it to keep our customers and employees safe online and in our restaurants
companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us)
We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body upon a valid request to do so. These requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and we’ll always take your privacy into consideration before sharing.
Security and protecting your data outside the EEA
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online or store offline.
Sometimes, in order to provide our services, we may need to share your personal data with third parties and suppliers outside the European Economic Area.
If we do, we have procedures in place to ensure your data receives the same standard of protection it gets inside the EEA. For example, our contracts with third parties stipulate the standards they must follow at all times. This means any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws, and we’ll treat the information under the guiding principles of this privacy policy.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You have the right to request:
access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases
the correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete
that we stop using your personal data for direct marketing
that we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data if you withdraw that consent
that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
You can contact us to request to exercise these rights at any time as follows:
To ask for your information to be updated, please contact postmaster@individualrestaurants.com.
For any of the others, please contact our Legal Department, Individual Restaurants Limited, Second Avenue, Deeside Industrial Park, Deeside, Flintshire, CH5 2NW, or email dataprotection@individualrestaurants.com.
We want to provide the best service to you, so we’ll act on your requests where we can. But, sometimes, we may not be able to or may not be required to. If we choose not to action your request, we’ll explain the reasons for our refusal.
Withdrawing consent:
Whenever you give us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent. The easiest way to withdraw is to contact us using the above details. Lots of the uses of your information set out in this privacy policy are not based on your consent and therefore, we may continue to use your data, where we are legally allowed to.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest:
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation.
We will then do so, unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data. If we choose not to action your request, we’ll explain the reasons for our refusal.
Information Commissioner’s Office:
We’re always happy to help you with any issues you may have. If we are unable to resolve any concerns, you can visit the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk.
Contact us
If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding our privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to contact
dataprotection@individualrestaurants.com
. Or just give our customer services team a call on 0161 830 5855. Calls may be recorded and used for training and legal purposes.
If you’d prefer to write to us, you can reach us at Legal Department, Individual Restaurants Limited, Second Avenue, Deeside Industrial Park, Deeside, Flintshire, CH5 2NW
Our websites, such as individualrestaurants.com (not affiliate websites), are owned and operated by Individual Restaurants Limited (Company Number 05274867).