k.ride Service Terms and Conditions
Chapter 1. General Provisions
Article 1 (Purpose)
Kakao Mobility Corp. (the "Company") has prepared the terms and conditions for the k.ride services provided by the Company ("Terms and Conditions"). These Terms and Conditions stipulate the rights, obligations, liability relationships, and other necessary matters of the Company and its Members.
Article 2 (Definition)
k.ride: It refers to an application provided by the Company to allow the Member to use global mobility services.
k.ride service: It means a global mobility service provided through k.ride. The specific types and details of services are set forth in Article 8.
Member: It refers to a customer who consents to these Terms and Conditions and uses the k.ride service provided by the Company.
Paid Services: It refers to services in which the Member of the k.ride service pays fares, fees, usage fees, etc. (collectively, "Usage Fees") to service providers, such as transportation providers.
Partner Services: It means services provided by mobility platform providers linked to k.ride ("Partners"), which can be used through k.ride.
Automatic Payments: It refers to the automated payment without a separate authentication process every time the Usage Fee is paid after the Member enters information such as the initial payment method. Detailed policies related to Automatic Payments shall be subject to the terms and conditions of use of payment services and service policies of individual electronic payment agencies.
Article 3 (Effect and Amendment of Terms and Conditions)
The contents of these Terms and Conditions shall be posted on the k.ride screen or otherwise disclosed to the Member and shall be effective for the Member who has consented to these Terms and Conditions.
If necessary, the Company may modify these Terms and Conditions to the extent that they do not violate relevant laws and regulations. If the Company amends these Terms and Conditions, it shall notify the Member of such amendment or notify the Member individually at least seven (7) days before the date of application, specifying the date and reason for such amendment. In cases of changes in terms and conditions disadvantageous to the Member, notice shall be given thirty (30) days before the date of application thereof; provided, however, that if such details are material, individual notice shall be given in the manner set forth in the former part of Article 5 (1).
If the Company gives public notice or individual notice to the Member under Paragraph 2, but the Member does not explicitly express their refusal to amend the Terms and Conditions, such Member shall be deemed to have consented to the amendment of the Terms and Conditions, even though the Company clearly notifies the Member that "if the Member fails to indicate their refusal by the date of application of the Terms and Conditions, the Member shall be deemed to have agreed to the amended Terms and Conditions.
If the Member does not agree to the amended Terms and Conditions, the Company may not apply the amended Terms and Conditions, and the Member may suspend the use of the k.ride service and terminate the use agreement; provided, however, that if there are special circumstances in which the existing Terms and Conditions cannot be applied to such a Member who disagrees with the amended Terms and Conditions, the Company may terminate the use agreement with the relevant Member.
Article 4 (Interpretation of These Terms and Conditions and Guidelines Other than These Terms and Conditions)
If necessary, the Company may establish and operate operating policies, guidelines for use, etc. (collectively, "Operating Policies, etc.”) for matters to be applied to the k.ride service. This information shall be announced through the k.ride screen, website, etc.
Matters not stipulated in these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to relevant laws, regulations, Operating Policies, etc.
The Member shall confirm whether there are any amendments to these Terms and Conditions and the Operation Policies, etc. The Company shall not be liable for any damages caused by the Member's failure to confirm the same.
Article 5 (Notification, etc. to the Member)
The Company may notify the Member through email addresses registered by them, SMS, App push, etc.; provided, however, that if the Company gives notice to an unspecified number of Members, it may use methods such as posting on the k.ride screen.
In operating the k.ride service, the Company may post various information related to the k-ride service on the individual k.ride screen or provide the Member with such information in the manner set forth in Paragraph 1.
While operating the k.ride service, the Company may post various advertisements of the Company or its Partners on the K.ride screen or provide such advertisements to the Member in the manner set forth in Paragraph 1 with the Member's consent.
Where individual notification is difficult due to the Member's failure to state contact information, failure to update after change [to contact information], etc., individual notification shall be deemed to have been made by giving notice under the proviso of Paragraph 1.
Article 6 (Indemnification)
The Company merely operates, manages, and provides a system that brokers transactions among the Member using the k.ride service, service providers, and Partners but does not represent the transacting parties (including service providers and Partners), including the Member. Liability for information, services, fares, usage fees, etc., related to the transactions established between the parties to a transaction shall be borne directly by each party to the transaction.
In the absence of the Company's negligence, the Company shall not intervene and shall not be liable for any disputes between the Members or between the Member and third parties arising out of the Member's use of the k.ride service (including, but not limited to, accidents occurring during the use of k.ride service and criminal acts occurring unrelated to the service).
The Company shall not, in connection with the transaction between the Member and the service provider, guarantee the existence and authenticity of the intent to apply for or accept the service, the quality, completeness, safety, legality of the subject of the transaction, and the non-infringement of rights of others, the information provided by the Member or the service provider and the truthfulness or legality, etc. of such information, and shall not assume any liability in connection therewith unless the Company is intentionally or negligently at fault.
The Company shall not be liable for the information, materials, and facts entered by the Member in k.ride unless the Company is intentionally or negligently at fault. In addition, the Company shall not intervene in transactions between third parties and the Member connected through links, banners, etc., within the k.ride screen and shall not bear any liability for such transactions, etc, unless the Company is intentionally or negligently at fault.
If the Member suffers damages due to willful misconduct or negligence of the Company, the Company shall compensate the Member for damages under these Terms and Conditions and relevant laws and regulations; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable for the following damages caused without the Company's intention or negligence.
Damages arising from the inability to provide k.ride services due to changes in relevant laws and regulations, natural disasters, line failures of telecommunications service providers, or a force majeure equivalent thereto
Damages arising from various consequences (incapability of using the service, various accidents, etc.) caused by the Member's use of the k.ride service in an illegal or inappropriate manner
Damages due to various consequences (delay or inability to use the service, multiple accidents, etc.) caused by the transacting party's notification of measures such as reporting to the investigative agency due to suspicion of illegal activities in the course of using the Member's k.ride service
Damages caused by the loss of expected profits from the use of the k.ride service by the Member or the secondary data obtained from the k-ride service
Damages to the Member or a third party arising from the Member's violation of traffic laws and regulations, negligence, etc.
Other losses of the Member not foreseeable by the Company
Chapter 2. Use of k.ride
Article 7 (Subscription to k.ride)
A person who wishes to subscribe to k.ride shall agree to these Terms and Conditions and initiate the application process by providing a valid mobile phone number, email, or major SNS account. Upon the Company's consent thereto, the K.ride use agreement shall be entered into.
Any person who intends to proceed with the subscription procedure pursuant to Paragraph 1 shall state the required matters in accordance with the membership application form provided by the Company. The information to be provided during membership subscription shall be divided into required and optional fields. For the required fields, it is mandatory to input the information.
The Company may request the verification process, such as mobile phone possession authentication and authentication through email or major social media, in the process of the subscription procedure under Paragraph 1. Those who wish to subscribe to and use k.ride shall go through the procedures required by the Company.
In principle, the Company shall accept the application for use under Paragraph 1; provided, however, that if the application for use falls under any of the following Subparagraphs, the Company may not accept or terminate the use agreement ex post facto.
Where an application for use is made in the name of another personIf there is a technical or facility problem, the Company may withhold or refuse consent to the application for use.
Where a child under 14 years of age applies for use
Where the authentication process required by the Company is not completed or has undergone in a false or inappropriate manner
Where false information is entered in the process of application for use, or the entry items requested by the Company are not entered or misspelled
A person who has previously been disqualified as a Member or whose use agreement has been terminated for any reason has applied for use.
Where a Member, who has been subjected to a sanction such as suspension of use for any reason, terminates the use contract at will through withdrawal, etc., during the sanction period and applies for use;
If it is confirmed that the application for use is illegal or inappropriate, such as a violation of these Terms and Conditions or relevant laws and regulations, etc. or the failure to meet the requirements set by the Company
Where an application for use hinders or is filed to hinder the operation of the Company's business, social peace and order, or public morals
Other cases where the Company is unable to accept due to reasons equivalent to Subparagraphs 1 through 8 or causes attributable to the applicant for use
If there is a technical or facility problem, the Company may withhold or refuse consent to the application for use.
If the Company withholds or refuses to accept an application for use pursuant to this Article, the Company shall notify the relevant applicant of the relevant matters in a manner similar to Article 5, unless there is any unavoidable reason.
Member's consenting to these Terms of Use and signing up for k.ride shall be deemed to have expressed their intention to use k.ride and k.ride services in the manner and content provided by the Company and to comply with these Terms and Conditions and Operating Policies, etc. set forth by the Company.
Article 8 (Details of k.ride Services)
The types and details of the k.ride service shall be as follows
All brokerage services that connect the Member, passengers designated by the Member and local service providers, etc., from a departure point designated by the Member to a destination designated by the Member, and all additional services and Partner Services related thereto (regardless of the type such as taxis, ride-hailing, etc.).The Company may provide various Paid Services to enhance the Member's convenience and increase the efficiency in using the k.ride services. Specific details shall be in accordance with Article 11.
Reservation service for transportation through k.ride
Other brokerage services provided by the Company for the mobility, various experiences, and activities of the Member
The Company may provide various Paid Services to enhance the Member's convenience and increase the efficiency in using the k.ride services. Specific details shall be in accordance with Article 11.
The Company may provide Partner Services provided by the Partners through k.ride. Regarding the use of Partner Services, the Partner's terms and conditions of use shall be followed, and the Company shall link the terms of use posted on the Partner's website, etc. so that the Member can confirm the relevant terms and conditions of use. In addition, the Company shall inform the Member of the Usage Fees, etc., through the k.ride screen before using the Partner Services. For more details, please refer to
Appendix 1. Partner Services
The methods and precautions for the use of the k.ride service in accordance with Paragraph 1 shall be notified through the screens when using each service through k.ride or shall be announced on k.ride through the notice or Operation Policies, etc.
Article 9 (Modification, etc. of k.ride services)
The Company may make changes, such as adding or reducing all or part of the services provided in accordance with operational and technical needs, if there is a substantial reason; provided, however, that if any changes are material or disadvantageous to the Member, the Company shall individually notify the Member receiving the relevant services in the manner prescribed in the former part of Article 5 (1).
The Company shall provide the services as they were before the change to the Member who refuses to consent to the service changes in accordance with the preceding Paragraph; provided, however, that if it is impossible to provide such services, the provision of such services may be suspended or the use agreement may be terminated.
The Company may restrict or suspend all or part of the k.ride services in any of the following cases:
Where the supply of telecommunications, power, etc., is suspended, or there is maintenance, expansion, replacement, relocation, breakdown, failure, or other significant reasons related to the operation of the information and communications facilities
If it is impossible to maintain the k.ride service due to the Company's various circumstances, such as termination of the agreement with a third party for the provision of the k.ride service or due to the management decision
Where normal business activities are difficult, such as bankruptcy or commencement of rehabilitation procedures
Other force majeure cases where there is a national emergency, such as natural disasters, wars, riots, terrorism, or hacking, DDOS attack, etc.
In the event of restriction or suspension of k.ride services under Paragraph 3, the Company shall notify the Member in the manner set forth in Article 5; provided, however, that if it is impossible to give prior notice due to reasons beyond the control of the Company, the notice shall be given immediately after the cessation of such reasons.
The Company shall not be liable for any issues arising from the change, restriction, suspension, etc. of the k.ride service under this Article unless there is a cause attributable to the Company.
The Company may conduct scheduled inspections, and all or part of the k.ride service may be suspended during such planned inspection. The Company shall notify details such as inspection time in the notice section on k.ride or the screen of each service.
Article 10 (Termination of Use Contract and Restriction on Use)
The Member may terminate the use agreement at any time by notifying the Company of their intent to terminate the use agreement; provided, however, that the Member shall complete, withdraw, or cancel the transactions of all Paid Services currently in progress before notifying their intent to terminate, and if there is an outstanding amount due to payment failure, the Member shall complete the relevant payment.
The Company shall not be liable for any disadvantages, etc., arising from the termination of the use agreement pursuant to Paragraph 1 unless there is a reason attributable to the Company. Benefits paid by the Company to the Member free of charge under the use agreement shall be extinguished along with the termination of the use agreement.
For the Member who has no history of using the k.ride service for three (3) months after subscribing to the k.ride membership, the Company may terminate the use agreement after confirming the intention to use the service within a certain time.
Even if the use agreement is terminated due to a cause attributable to the Member, these Terms and Conditions shall continue to apply to the k.ride service that has already started before termination.
Damages arising from the termination of the use agreement due to reasons attributable to the Member shall be borne by the Member.
The Member whose use of the service is restricted shall not use the k.ride service in accordance with the relevant restrictions. If the Member who is subject to restrictions on use requests the termination of the use agreement during the sanction period, the Company may refuse to terminate the use agreement.
If the Member breaches their obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Company may restrict the use of the services or terminate the use agreement, and the liability arising therefrom shall be borne by the Member unless the Company is intentionally or negligently at fault. The Company may, if necessary, notify the relevant governmental or judicial authorities of the Member's violation.
If the Company restricts the use of the service or terminates the use agreement in accordance with this Article, the Company shall notify the Member in advance in the manner prescribed in Article 5; provided, however, that if it is impossible to give prior notice due to unavoidable reasons, the notice shall be given immediately after the cessation of the reason.
The Member may object and explain within ten (10) days from the date of the notice in the previous Paragraph. If such objection and explanations are justified, the Company may cancel the restriction on service use or termination of the use agreement.
Chapter 3. Use of Paid Services
Article 11 (Use of Paid Services)
The Company shall provide information on the relevant Paid Services so that the Member may understand and transact without mistakes or errors when using the Paid Services.
The fares, usage fees, etc., to be paid by the Member when using Paid Services may vary depending on the content of the Paid Services used, and the Company shall provide detailed terms and conditions of individual Paid Service Usage Fees in
Details of Paid Services
A cancellation fee may occur when using Paid Services, and the Company shall provide detailed terms and conditions such as the conditions for the occurrence of cancellation fees for individual Paid Services and the amount of cancellation fee in
Details of Paid Services
Article 12 (Use of Settlement)
The Member may pay the Usage Fees for the k.ride services through Automatic Payments through k.ride in accordance with the use policy for each service determined by the Company. If the Automatic Payment is not registered, using the k.ride service shall be impossible.
If the Member uses Automatic Payment, they shall be deemed to have consented to the following:
The Member who consented to use Automatic Payments shall be deemed to have expressed their intention to make payments for the k.ride service Usage Fees without a separate authentication process.
At the time of Automatic Payment, if there is a payment failure due to issues such as the validity, limit, etc., of the Member's credit card, it shall be treated as unpaid, and the use of the service shall be restricted for the relevant Member until the outstanding amount is successfully paid.
In the case of outstanding amounts under Subparagraph 2, the Company may attempt to reprocess the payment using the means of settlement registered by the Member without providing separate notice to the Member in accordance with the policies determined by the Company.
If a payment fails due to a system malfunction at the time of payment, the payment shall be reprocessed without separate notice to the Member once the system is restored to regular operation.
Article 13 (Refund)
If the Member is unable to use the k.ride service normally due to system errors, etc., or if issues such as overpayment or double payment occur without any reason attributable to the Member, the Company shall refund the incorrectly charged portion of the Usage Fees imposed on the premise of normal use of the relevant service or the wrongly paid portion to the Member.
If the Member wishes to raise an objection to the appropriateness of the fare or usage fee or request a refund, it shall be made directly to the transacting party.
In the case of Partner Services, the terms and conditions of use and refund policies of the Partners shall be followed.
The Company shall refund by the same means as the payment method paid by the Member; provided, however, that if refunds are not possible by the same means, refunds may be made by other means, such as cash.
Chapter 4. Obligations of the Parties to the Use Agreement
Article 14 (Company's Obligations)
The Company shall use its best efforts to continuously and stably provide services to the Member without engaging in any act prohibited by relevant laws and regulations and these Terms and Conditions or contrary to good morals and customs.
The Company shall promptly process complaints from the Member regarding the k.ride service. If it is difficult to process them promptly, the Company shall notify the reasons therefor and the processing schedule in the manner set forth in Article 5.
Article 15 (Member's Duties)
The Member shall check the methods and conditions of using the k.ride service, Paid Services, Partner Services, etc., before using the k.ride services. The Member shall be responsible for any loss or damage incurred by using the service without confirming the method and conditions of use.
The Member shall comply with these Terms and Conditions, the contents notified or announced by the Company in connection with the services, and relevant laws and regulations. The Member shall be liable for any loss or damage arising from the breach or non-performance of these Terms and Conditions, the details notified or announced, or relevant laws and regulations. If necessary, the Company may directly notify government agencies or judicial agencies of a violation by the Member of relevant laws and regulations or guide the parties to the transaction who have become aware of such a violation to take appropriate measures, such as reporting to investigative agencies.
The Member shall bear the information entered by the Member in connection with the k.ride service and assume the liabilities and disadvantages incurred in connection therewith.
The Member shall thoroughly manage their accounts and shall not allow third parties to use them. If they become aware that their accounts are stolen or used by third parties, they shall immediately notify the Company and comply with the Company's instructions, if any. Unless the Company is intentionally or negligently at fault, the Member shall assume the liability and disadvantages arising from the Member's negligence in managing the account, improper use, etc.
The Member shall use payment methods that are legitimately and lawfully authorized when making payments for fares, Paid Services, Partner Services, etc., and the Company may confirm such. The Company may suspend the provision of the k.ride service until the confirmation of the legality, etc., of the Member's payment method is completed, and the Member shall be liable for any loss or damage to the Company, the lawful owner of the payment method, the electronic payment agent, or the service provider arising from the arbitrary use of the unauthorized payment method.
The Member shall cooperate so that the Company can safely provide the services. If the Company discovers inappropriate acts by the Member, such as a breach of these Terms and Conditions, and requests the Member to explain such actions, the Member shall actively comply with the Company's request.
In the event of a dispute, the Member shall make good-faith efforts to resolve the conflict, and if the service provider or the Company suffers any damage due to the Member's bad faith in the dispute resolution, the Member shall be liable therefor.
Article 16 (Prohibited Matters of the Member)
To enhance the reliability of the k.ride service and ensure safe transactions, the Company shall prohibit the Member from:
Using the k.ride service by falsely stating facts when applying for use or amending the use agreement, or by stealing or using the name of a third party, payment information, etc. fraudulently, or fraudulently using another person's mobile phone;
Lending, selling, transferring, donating, providing as collateral, etc., the Member's status under the k.ride use agreement to another person
Reproduction, distribution, or commercial use of any information obtained through k.ride or k.ride service without the prior consent of the Company
Using the above services or accessing the system, etc., in an abnormal manner, such as changing information within the k.ride system, without using legitimate methods such as k.ride services, Paid Services, and Partner Services provided by the Company
Unfair transaction activities, such as making abnormal payments using methods prohibited by relevant laws and regulations, such as raising funds under the guise of selling goods or providing services
Damaging the reputation of the Company or a third party, infringing on various rights, or causing damage due to inappropriate actions
Stating or disseminating any content in violation of public order and public morals or false information, sentences, figures, voice, etc., in the course of using k.ride
Registering or disseminating software viruses, other computer codes, files, programs, etc., that cause systems and equipment malfunctions, or destruction or confusion of information, etc., related to k.ride
Acquiring or using benefits, etc., from the Company in a manner that is not in accordance with the lawful use method determined by the Company or in a fraudulent manner
Obstructing the provisioning of routine k.ride services using illegal programs or altered programs, etc.
Interfering with the provisioning of the Company's k.ride service through repeated calls, reservations, cancellations, etc., without any intention to use
Intentionally causing outstanding payments or engaging in practices where outstanding payments persist for an extended time, making it difficult to view them as normal use of the k.ride service
Collecting, storing, or disclosing personal information of others
Falsely pretending to be an employee or operator of the Company, posting content related to k.ride or k.ride services on the website or internet sites, or sending emails, etc., to the Company or a third party by stealing another person's name
Violating applicable laws and regulations or these Terms and Conditions, Operating Policies, etc.
Any other unlawful or improper act
Article 17 (Protection, etc. of Personal Information)
To protect the Member's personal information, location information, credit information, etc. ("Personal Information, etc.”) so that the Member may use the k.ride services safely, the Company shall establish a security system etc. under relevant laws and regulations and implement policies to protect Personal Information, etc.
The Company shall not use the Member's Personal Information, etc., for any purpose other than providing k.ride services or providing such information to a third party without the consent of the Member, except as necessary under relevant laws and regulations.
If necessary, the Company may entrust all or part of the handling and management tasks of Personal Information, etc., collected after obtaining the Member's consent or giving notice to the Company to a company selected by the Company.
If there is any change in the matters stated at the time of application for use, the Member shall immediately update the changed matters to the latest information; provided, however, that the information items determined by the Company may be revised with the approval of the Company.
Damages arising from the information not updated in accordance with the previous Paragraph shall be borne by the Member, and the Company shall not be liable for such damages unless there is a reason attributable to it.
If the Member terminates the use agreement, the Company shall delete all of the Member's information immediately upon termination, except in cases where it retains the Member's Personal Information, etc. in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the privacy policy.
Details regarding the protection of the Company's Personal Information, etc., shall be in accordance with the privacy policies posted by the Company on the Company's website or on k.ride.
Chapter 5. Miscellaneous
Article 18 (Damages)
If the Company suffers damages due to the Member's violation of relevant laws or these Terms and Conditions and the Operating Policies, etc., established by the Company, the Member shall compensate the Company for such damages.
If the Company receives a claim for damages or various objections, including litigation, from a third party other than the Member due to the Member's illegal act or violation of Paragraph 1 in the use of k.ride or the k.ride service, the Member shall indemnify the Company at its cost and risk and shall compensate the Company for any damages incurred as a result thereof, unless the Company is intentionally or negligently at fault.
If the Member suffers damages due to the Company's willful misconduct or negligence, the Company shall compensate the Member for such damages.
Article 19 (Dispute Resolution and Jurisdiction)
The Company shall operate a customer center to handle complaints related to using the k.ride service.
In a dispute between the Company and the Member regarding using the k.ride service, the Company shall faithfully consult with the Member to resolve the dispute.
The laws of the Republic of Korea shall govern lawsuits filed between the Company and the Member.
The competent court for litigation on disputes arising between the Company and Member shall be determined under the Civil Procedure Act.
Attachment 1. Partner Services
The following Partners shall provide the ‘Partner Services' through k.ride.
1. KM Solution Co., Ltd.
Representative: Ahn Gye-jin
Address: 152 Pangyoyeok-ro, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 13F (Baekhyeon-dong, Alpha Tower)
Telephone No.: 1811-8843
Email address: kms_contact@kmscorp.co.kr
URL of Terms of Use:
https://kmscorp.co.kr/terms
Brand: Kakao T Blue, NEMO TAXI
2. Digital Mobility Co., Ltd.
Representative: Ko Jang-hee
Address: 196 Muhak-ro, Suseong-gu, Daegu
Telephone No.: 053-982-9108
Email address: dgt_mobility@daum.net
URL of Terms of Use:
http://dgtmobility.com/siteinfo/mobility_t.php
Brand: Kakao T Blue, SECU T
3. Grab
Representative : Anthony Tan
Address : 28 Sin Ming Lane, #01-143, Midview City, Singapore 573972
Telephone No. : (65)69021030
Email Address : support@grab.com
Service Providing Countries : Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Cambodia
URL of Terms of Use:
https://www.grab.com/sg/terms-policies/transport-delivery-logistics
4. Mobility Technologies
Representative : Hiroshi Nakajima
Address : Roppongi Grand Tower, 3-2-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, JAPAN
Telephone No. : (+81) 3-6633-2820
Email Address : contact@mo-t.com
Service Providing Country : Japan
URL of Terms of Use:
https://go.goinc.jp/agreement
5.
Bolt (Bolt Technology OÜ)
Representative : Markus Villig
Address : Harju maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna linnaosa, Vana-Lõuna tn 15, Estonia, 10134
Telephone No. : +372 634 7282
Email Address : info@bolt.eu
Service Providing Countries : Saudi Arabia
URL of Terms of Use:
https://bolt.eu/en/legal/terms-for-riders/
6.
Careem
Representative : Mudassir Sheikha
Address : #1404, Shatha Tower, Dubai Media City, Dubai, UAE
Telephone No. : +92 21 111 227 336
Email Address : go@careem.com
Service Providing Country: Kuwait, Jordan, United Arab Emirates, State of Qatar
URL of Terms of Use:
https://www.careem.com/en-AE/terms-of-service/
7.
Yoxi
Representative : Sherry Wu
Address : 4F., No. 433, Songjiang Rd., Zhongshan Dist., Taipei City 104055, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Telephone No. : +886 02 7730 1777
Email Address : cs@yoxi.app
Service Providing Country  : Taiwan
URL of Terms of Use:
https://www.yoxi.app/policy/
8.
Silver Top Taxi
Representative : Michael Cavey (CTO)
Address : 110 Rupert Street, Collingwood, Victoria, Australia, 3066
Telephone No. : +61 03 8413 8111
Email Address : comms@silvertop.com.au
Service Providing Country  : Australia
URL of Terms of Use:
https://silvertop.com.au/terms-conditions/
9.
Lyft
Representative : Jared Levi (Head of Partnerships)
Address : 185 Berry St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Telephone No. : +1 855 865-9553
Email Address : https://help.lyft.com
Service Providing Country  : United States of America
URL of Terms of Use:
https://silvertop.com.au/terms-conditions/