Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
9
Loading…
{"id": "1YvHRdwNlktK5SNoVdVJJWC7BROfDcp5H", "title": "Tiktok Downloader Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 9
Privacy Policy
I. INTRODUCTION. REGIONAL PATTERNS (CALIFORNIA)
Tiktok Downloader App (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy
(“Privacy policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information
we may process when you install and/or use of Tiktok Downloader software application for
mobile devices (the "App", "our App").
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any
kind relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by
reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to
an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical,
physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All about the categories of information, its sources and purposes of processing
Please mind that according to CCPA personal information does not include de-identified or
aggregated consumer information.
SHARING
How your information can be shared.
Please note that all third parties that are engaged in processing user data are service
providers that use such information on the basis of agreement and pursuant to business
purpose.
Page 2 of 9
EQUAL RIGHTS
Nothing in the way we deal with your request shall be interpreted as discrimination, which
means that we will not set up different pricing or products, or different level or quality of
services for you, if you choose to exercise your rights. However, in some circumstances, we
may not be able to provide services if you choose to delete your personal information from
our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be processed.
Functional Information
We process the following personal information about you when you use the App. This
information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and
us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and
perform the requested services. What data can be processed:
Content Information, i.e. photos, pictures and other data - when you upload or create them
using the App.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
When you use the App, some information about your device and your user behaviour may
be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its
own, permit direct association with any specific individual, and we may access it only in
aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our legitimate interest in
improving our App and giving our users the best experience. If we do not access such data
we may not be able to provide you with all the features of the App.
We use third-party automatic data processing technologies to analyze certain information
sent by your device via our App (advertising or analytics tools). Some of them launch
automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, which means any form of
Page 3 of 9
automated processing of personal data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to
you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences,
interests, behavior, location or movements (see the list of data described below). Processing
information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you
first time launch the App.
Device Details. When you use a mobile device (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to access our
App, some of details about your device are reported, including “device identifiers”. Device
identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your
mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your personality). Device
identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content and ads by the third parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type of operating system and its
version, model and manufacturer, screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume and
battery, device memory usage.
Information about the applications. Name, API key (identifier for application), version,
properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analyzes. Some
services also record the list of applications and/or processes which are installed or run on
your device.
Cookies and similar technologies. When you use the App, cookies and similar
technologies may be used (pixels, web beacons, scripts). A cookie is a text file containing
small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access the App.
The text file is then sent back to the server each time you use the App. This enables us to
operate the App more effectively. For example, we will know how many users access a
specific areas or features within our App and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this
aggregated information to understand and optimize how our App is used, improve our
marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you. We may ask
advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to the App, which may use cookies or
similar technologies.
Ad-related information. The following data might be reported about the ads you can view:
the date and time a particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if it was shown
Tiktok Downloader Privacy Policy.pdf
Tiktok Downloader Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Tiktok Downloader Privacy Policy.pdf. Page 1 of 9