Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy (Hereinafter referred to as "Policy"),
Digital Fortress Co., Ltd.
(Hereinafter referred to as "we", "our" or "DF") provide information about how we collect, use, store & process and transfer personal data. For this Policy, we use the term "personal data" broadly to cover the many privacy and data protection laws applicable to us. "Personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual; an identifiable natural person can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Scope
This Policy applies to
Matter Utilities
and covers only data collected through the
Matter Utilities
and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other services that maintain their own, separate privacy policies.
What personal data is collected by Matter Utilities?
• Usage information
We collect data about activities you perform in Matter Utilities, like changing any setting of the controlled devices.
• Performance information from controlled devices
We collect information like the configuration and state published by the controlled devices.
• Technical information from your Smart Phone
To improve your experience over time and help troubleshoot any problem you may encounter with Matter Utilities, we collect Phone make & model and OS version.
Purpose for collection
• Provide functionality to control and debug your Matter devices
• Customize your experience
• Troubleshoot and improve our service
Lawful basis for processing personal data
We process your data for the purposes described in this Policy, based on the following legal grounds:
• Your consent
With your consent or at your request, we collect and store your personal information within the scope of your consent/request. You can withdraw such consent at any time by contacting us.
• Legitimate Interest
We process your information for our legitimate interests such as providing support for the products you use, operating our business, meeting our contractual obligations, and protecting the security of our systems and our customers.
• Compliance with legal obligation
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we are responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer or smartphone when visiting certain websites or mobile applications. Cookies may be used for many different purposes. For example, cookies can be used to show that you have visited our website before and to identify which parts of the site you might be most interested in. Cookies can also improve your experience by storing your preferences and usage information when you use our product and service.
Where We Store and Process Data
We store and process all your information in Core Data (provided by Apple), which means all information collected is processed and stored on your phone itself; we do not store it anywhere else.
Privacy Contact
If you need to get in touch about accessing your data stored on our servers, or for any other complaint or query, please reach out to us at
hello@digitalfortress.dev
.