This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Accept
Home
HSE Hospitals
HSE Hospitals/Worksites Dublin Mid Leinster
HSE Hospitals/Worksites North Dublin
HSE Hospitals/Worksites Dublin East Coast
HSE Hospitals/Worksites in the South of the Ireland
HSE Hospitals/Worksites in the South East of the Ireland
HSE Hospitals/Worksites in the Midlands
HSE Hospitals/Worksites North East of Ireland
HSE Hospitals/Worksites West of Ireland
NOC Nurses Private Hospital Division
Register your interest now
Registering as a Nurse in Ireland
E-Learning Programmes
Guide to Pay Rates
Contact Us
Interview times & locations
County Contacts
Kerry Nurse On Call
Wexford Nurse On Call
Kilkenny Nurse On Call
Tipperary Nurse On Call
Meath Nurse On Call
Cavan Nurse On Call
Wicklow Nurse On Call
Kildare Nurse On Call
Carlow Nurse On Call
Portlaoise Nurse On Call
Mullingar Nurse On Call
Tullamore Nurse on Call
Donegal Nurse On Call
Sligo Nurse on Call
Galway Nurse on Call
Roscommon Nurse on Call
Leitrim Nurse on Call
Clare Nurse On Call
Limerick Nurse on Call
Mayo Nurse on Call
Dublin Nurse On Call
Cork Nurse on Call
Waterford Nurse On Call
Louth Nurse On Call
Jobs Board
Agency Forms to Download
Training Centre
Register your interest online
Agency Staff Login
FAQs
Check out our jobs board
Privacy Policy
NHSS.ie
Visit NHSS.ie
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy sets out the foundation on which all personal data that NOC collect from you, or that you provide to us via our website and any other group affiliate websites, will be processed by us.
Read this policy carefully to understand NOC’s practices relating to your personal data and how we will treat it.
Nurse on Call has updated our Privacy Policy to GDPR standards.
If you do not accept that we process your data in the manner detailed in this Policy, please do not submit any personal data to us.
In this document NOC refers to Nurse on Call, Nurse on Call Hospital Support Services & group company.
The Controller of your Data
Nurse on Call (NOC) is registered as a data controller in the Republic of Ireland for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. NOC will deal with the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner as the Lead Supervisory Authority for regulating all data protection matters within the Organisation.  At NOC, we guarantee that all the data you send to us is processed fairly and lawfully, and with due skill and care. We will also guarantee you that the data you submit is solely used in accordance with the purposes as set out in this policy.
Collection and Use of your Personal Information
NOC collects and uses your personal information to perform the recruitment and agency placement functions/services you have requested. We will collect personal data. Personal data will generally consist of your name, contact details and other information necessary to verify your suitability for placement in a healthcare environment, generally in accordance with the requirements as set out by the HSE/Worksites.  NOC will confirm your consent for us to hold your personal information before it is stored and processed. The personal data will be requested, stored, processed, used and disclosed by NOC to:
Evaluate data about you against vacancies which we may have that we determine may be suitable for you. In line with the nature of recruitment services, we will keep your data on our database with your consent.
Send your information to our clients to put you forward as a candidate for vacancies or to assess your eligibility for vacancies that we may have with your permission. When your information is sent to a client, we will automatically notify you by email when this has been done, to which client it has been shared and for what specific purpose so that you know where else your data has been submitted and stored.
Permit you to submit your CV to apply online for jobs.
Communicate with you about relevant job opportunities and provide career guidance and support
Where we have a bona fide requirement by law to disclose it to third parties in relation to the detection of crime, the collection of taxes or duties, in order to comply with any applicable law, court orders and governing bodies.  All forms relating to earnings are sent to the relevant lending institute, mortgage broker & or governing bodies.
Third-parties where we or our client have engaged them to deliver services that have been requested. These may include references, qualifications, criminal reference checking services and/or psychometric evaluation or skill tests. These will be advised to you as part of the process and you have the option to decline.
For people being employed or paid by NOC, additional personal information is required to facilitate employment, compliance and payment services, such as bank account details, national identification numbers and visa details. We keep records of your data for verification of service or any pay scale amendments in the future.  If you require for your bank account details to be deleted please inform NOC.
This list is not exhaustive and we may seek to process, use or disclose your information for any other purpose which has not been listed above always with your explicit consent.
We reserve the right to assign your data to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all the assets of our company in circumstances where the third party agrees to observe the terms of this Privacy Policy. NOC will notify you of such circumstances and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Who Can Access your Data?
The information that you have provided to us may be made available to personnel working in NOC, our affiliate companies, our clients, and the third parties as set out above. Your personal data is wholly stored and processed within the European Economic Area.
Where your personal information is required to be sent outside the European Economic Area we will contact you for your permission prior to the disclosure of your personal information. In the event that we need to transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area we will take the appropriate steps to guarantee that your privacy rights continue to be protected as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Existing Data Information with NOC
We will use our best endeavors to guarantee that all Personal Data that you have submitted to us is maintained and up to date. Please inform us of any changes to your Personal Data to ensure that it is up to date.
Where we currently hold personal information about you, you may at any time request that we modify, update, erase or provide a copy of this information to you. We will also provide an annual reminder for you to update this data or request your data to be removed. All such deletions and date updates should be sent to dataprivacy@nurseoncall.ie from the email address of record   and these will be actioned within one week and you will receive confirmation that this has been completed. We may only refuse your request where we are legally obliged to do so. Where your request has been refused we will provide you with reasons for this refusal.  We will then hold such data for only as long as it is necessarily required by law.
Security of your Personal Information
We are committed to the protection of Personal Information submitted to us. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. While NOC takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information that you provide, we recognise that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet. NOC accepts no liability should this occur.
Collection and use of non-personal information from our Website and Apps.
Non-personal information: data collected for statistical purposes which is not associated with a specific identity. This site collects and analyses technical information in order to evaluate our Website. The type of technical information we log is confined to the following:
The IP address*1 of the visitor’s Web server
The top-level domain-name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
The pages visited on the this site Website, i.e. URL’s*2 visited
The previous Website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
Clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this Website (for example, pages accessed)
*1 An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
*2 A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Where a change is made to this Privacy Policy it will be set out on our websites to ensure that you are aware of what information we collect and how we will use it. If we plan to use Personal Data in a way that is inconsistent from that stated in this Privacy Policy, we will inform in advance you by email, and it will be your decision as to whether or not you are happy that we continue store and process your information.
This privacy policy is amended on 01/05/18.
This is the content for Popup #1
Close
This is the content for Popup #2
Close
This is the content for Popup #3
Close