You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 02/28/2021
We are the developers of Mafia: The Game. This privacy policy describes how we process your personal information and which privacy rights you have when you are using Mafia: The Game. Please contact us at the contact information below if you have any questions or comments.
Contents:
Personal Information Collection and Use
Personal Information Sharing
Tracking Technologies
Social Logins
In-app Purchase Information
Privacy Rights of California Residents
Privacy Rights of Users in the European Economic Area
Children's Personal Information
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Policy Changes
Accessibility
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Contact Us
1. Personal Information Collection and Use
We may receive technical information about your device, for example, its IP address or operating system.
In addition, we are collecting and using the following personal information from you:
Player name. Purpose: To distinguish between players during a game
In addition, data may be collected by Google AdSense to show ads on the site. This is subject to your consent to personalised advertising.
2. Personal Information Sharing
We do not share any personal information, except with specific third parties as set out in this policy.
3. Tracking Technologies
Mafia: The Game (the website) uses first-party and third-party cookies in order to provide our service. These cookies are not used to track you across websites. Please see our
cookies policy
for more details.
4. Social Logins
Mafia: The Game does not use any social login functionality.
5. In-app Purchase Information
Mafia: The Game does not process any in-app purchase information.
7. Privacy Rights of Users in the European Economic Area
If you are in the European Economic Area and if you have any questions or would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at the contact information below. You have the rights to:
Request a copy of your personal information
Request corrections of inaccurate personal information, deletions, or additions to your personal information
Restrict or object to personal information processing
Request a portable copy of your personal information for transferring it to another service
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
8. Children's Personal Information
Mafia: The Game cannot be used by children under the age of 13 as per our Terms and Conditions of use.
9. How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep personal information provided only for the duration of the game played by the user. The data is then deleted from our servers within 2 hours.
10. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We use encryption to protect personal information stored and transmitted online. Only personnel who need the personal information to perform a specific function have access to such. The computers and servers on which we store personal information are kept in a secure environment.
11. Policy Changes
When we make material changes to this privacy policy, for example, due to app updates or changes in the law, we will post the updated policy here. The policy will always apply in the version at the time of your use of Mafia: The Game even if you downloaded Mafia: The Game at a time when a previous policy version was applicable.
12. Accessibility
This website conforms to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0. However, if you are having difficulties obtaining information from it, please contact us at the contact information below. We will try to make the information available to you in another format and answer any question that you may have.
13. Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
14. Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Ben Robinson
hello@benrobinson.dev
Home
Play online
Download
How to play
Support
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Cookies
iPadOS, macOS and Apple TV are registered trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries.
Copyright (c) 2021 Benjamin Robinson. All Rights Reserved.