ABOUT GLAMIRA
Who Are We?
GLAMIRA Worldwide
Our Production Facilities
Customer Opinions About Us
Privacy Policy
Glamira has created this privacy policy ("privacy policy") in order to communicate its policies and practices relating to the use and disclosure of information about you obtained on the
GLAMIRA.com
website.
Please read this privacy policy carefully. Glamira reserves the right to change or update this privacy policy periodically. You can view the most current version of the privacy policy at any time by clicking on the hyperlink “privacy policy” located on the bottom of the
GLAMIRA.com
website.
GLAMIRA processes your personal data in accordance with the requirements of (EU) 2016/679 - General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework as well as the current domestic Data Protection legislation.
Categories of personal data that GLAMIRA processes
1. Your contact information - names, postal address, mobile or phone number, email address
2. Your IP address
3. Purchase details including the payment method and transaction number
4. History of your order
5. Customer service information - all communication and correspondence between you and our customer service department.
6. In exceptional circumstances, you may be required to provide us with additional details in order to certify your identity.
7. In a limited number of cases, we can invite you to provide us your photos, videos or others in case you want to participate in one of our tombolas, campaigns or other events.
8. GLAMIRA reserves the right to send to all its customers an invitation to participate in satisfaction surveys. Participation is always optional.
9. GLAMIRA does not process or store data from your bank cards or other financial instruments.
Lawfulness of processing
GLAMIRA processes your personal data only after receiving your consent for the processing.
GLAMIRA processes your personal data, necessary for the fulfilling your order.
GLAMIRA processes your personal data necessary to comply with the requirements of tax, financial or other domestic legislation.
We process your personal data for the following purposes
For the purpose of accurate and correct execution and delivery of your order.
For the purpose of clear and accurate communication with you about the status of the order.
For the purpose of warranty within the warranty period of the products
For the purpose of customer satisfaction and loyalty programs
For the purpose of the requirements of tax and accounting legislation - to declare and enumerate our sales.
In exceptional circumstances, GLAMIRA may process additional identification information of yours in order to avoid financial fraud or identity theft.
As an exception, GLAMIRA can process additional data such as photos, videos and other media, for the purposes of various campaigns or lotteries, only in the cases when customers participate in these events.
In order to be able to send our newsletter and promotional materials, only in cases when customers give their consent for that.
Time period for which your personal data will be stored:
GLAMIRA stores your personal data, that you have submitted during your account registration on our site, as long as your account remains active.
GLAMIRA stores your personal data during the production and delivery of products as well as the time period specified in the
Return Policy
for the possible returns and product warranty, but not longer then 2 years or longer than the time of warranty.
In case that we require additional data to verify your identity, we will store these data until the legal requirement to keep these data is no longer in place.
In the case of collecting personal data for the purposes of a particular campaigns, lotteries and any other promotions, the period of processing shall be specified in every case, and the participants shall be informed thereof.
Potential recipients of your personal data:
GLAMIRA does not provide your personal data to third parties, unless legally required to do so or except for the operational necessities listed below:
GLAMIRA provides your name, address, and phone number to the courier company that delivers your product.
In exceptional circumstances, GLAMIRA may confirm your personal data with payment service providers, in order to prevent financial fraud or identity theft.
GLAMIRA transfers the necessary personal data to accountancy service providers as well as tax and other public authorities when specific legislation requires this.
Your rights as a data subject
- at any time you have the right to:
Get access to your personal data that GLAMIRA processes, also to receive a copy of them
To ask the erasure of personal data concerning you (the right to be forgotten ) if you believe that it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed. Please note that this right can not be exercised in the event that a special law expressly provides for a fixed term to be retained.
To ask for rectification of inaccurate personal data in cases where they do not correspond to the truth.
To exercise one of the above rights, simply send us e mail message with your request on our contact page or an email to
service@glamira.com
. We will answer you in a short time.
At any time in which you are concerned that your rights are violated, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, which is noted below.
Mobile Terms of Service
The GLAMIRA mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by GLAMIRA (“GLAMIRA”, “we”, or “us”). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
By consenting to GLAMIRA’s SMS/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring SMS/text messages from and on behalf of GLAMIRA through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. Service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). Promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders).
You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with GLAMIRA. Your participation in this program is completely voluntary.
We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. You are solely responsible for all charges related to SMS/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider.
You may opt-out of the Service at any time. Text the single keyword command STOP to GLAMIRA or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. If you have subscribed to other GLAMIRA mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms.
For Service support or assistance, text HELP to GLAMIRA or email service@glamira.com.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
We respect your right to privacy. To see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
Our recommendations to you regarding your personal data protection:
Keep your password secure and do not share it with third parties.
If you are using a public computer (in a library or Internet cafe), always make sure you log out of your account before turning off the computer.
GLAMIRA guarantees that we don’t contact any third parties other than the ones mentioned in this privacy policy, regarding your order.
GLAMIRA guarantees that we do not require our clients to disclose their password for the usage of website. GLAMIRA does not require our clients to disclose data from their bank accounts or other financial instruments. Any such request made to you by phone, chat or email should be ignored.
If someone has addressed such a request to you, please contact and inform GLAMIRA immediately.
How do we protect your personal data?
GLAMIRA assures that we have taken all administrative, technical and physical measures to protect your personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, access, disclosure or use.
GLAMIRA has adopted its own internal ethics rules for the processing of personal data, and our employees have gone through special training on the principles of the right to protection of personal data and the basic obligations of companies in relation to GDPR
We secure our website and other systems by the use of technical and organizational measures against the loss, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorised persons. Despite of the regular checks, a complete protection against all threats is not possible.
Who is responsible for processing your personal data?
All legal entities within GLAMIRA group operate as joint controllers within the meaning of GDPR - (EU) 2016/679 - Art. 26.
All legal entities within GLAMIRA group process personal data of our customers according to a specially signed agreement between us. We collect the same categories of personal data of our customers, we proceed them only for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. GLAMIRA ensures that all companies in the group have taken the same technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data.
Liable еntity for processing your personal data as our customer is:
Your Country
Liable for processing your personal data
Website and contact
Special Authority to whom you can lodge a complaint
Germany
Austria
Netherlands
Sweden
Belgium
Italy
Hungary
Spain
Romania
Poland
Slovakia
Ireland
Lithuania
Portugal
Croatia
Czech Rep.
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Latvia
Malta
Slovenia
GLAMIRA GmbH - Sontraer Straße 19, 60386, Frankfurt,
Germany
https://www.glamira.de
Email:
service@glamira.de
Die Bundesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Husarenstraße 30 53117 Bonn
e-mail:
poststelle@bfdi.bund.de
Website:
http://www.bfdi.bund.de/
The competence for complaints is split among different data protection supervisory authorities in Germany. List provided here:
https://www.datenschutz-wiki.de/Aufsichtsbeh%C3%B6rden_und_Landesdatenschutzbeauftragte
Bulgaria
San Marino
Vatican City
Brazil
Mexico
Argentina
Colombia
Peru
Bolivia
Ecuador
Honduras
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Costa Rica
Uruguay
Chile
China
Japan
Moldova
Singapore
New Zealand
Montenegro
Vietnam
India
United Arab Emirates
South Africa
Hong Kong
Serbia
Canada
GLMR EOOD Blvd. Andrei Lyapchev №1A, 1756, Sofia,
Bulgaria
https://www.glamira.bg
service@glamira.bg
Commission for Personal Data Protection -
https://www.cpdp.bg/
Switzerland
Liechtenstein
GLAMIRA CH GMBH Frauenfelderstrasse 31 8555, Müllheim Dorf,
Switzerland
https://www.glamira.ch/
service@glamira.ch
Federal DP and Information Commissioner -
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch
Australia
GLAMIRA Australia PTY Limited Level 35, Tower One Barangaroo, International Towers 100 Barangaroo Avenue Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
https://www.glamira.com.au
service@glamira.com.au
Australian Information Commissioner -
https://www.oaic.gov.au/
USA
Gronland
French Guiana
Guadeloupe
Martinique
British Virgin Islands
Turks and Caicos
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Cook Islands
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Nauru
Palau
French Polynesia
GLAMIRA INC
300 South Orange Ave,
Suite 1000
Orlando, FL 32801,
USA
https://www.glamira.com/
service@glamira.com
Federal Trade Commission (FTC) -
https://ftccomplaintassistant.gov
Turkey
Glamira Internet ve Kuyumculuk San. Tic. A.S
Yenibosna Merkez Mah. Kuyumcular Sk. Port Plaza
Bahçelievler / İstanbul,
Turkey
https://www.glamira.com.tr
Personal Data Protection Authority
https://www.kvkk.gov.tr/
Norway
Glamira Norge AS
Sørkedalsveien 6, 0306 Oslo,
Norway
https://www.glamira.no
United Kingdom
GLAMIRA UK LTD
60 Cannon Street, London, EC4N 6NP,
UK
https://www.glamira.co.uk/
Automated Storage
If you request a file from the website, certain access data is stored by default.
This data set consists of:
The page that was requested from the file
The name of the file
The date and time of request
The retention period
The amount of data transferred
The access status (file transmitted, file not found, etc.)
A description of the type and the version of the browser
The installed operating system
The screen resolution and colour depth
Additional personal data is only stored if voluntarily given by you, e.g. during registration or the implementation of a contract. You will find more information under the “optional details” heading
Data Security
We guarantee the security of your card details, transactions, social security numbers and any other form of personal data as they will be transmitted securely between you as a customer and our domain. Thanks to the SSL security technology, which serves to transfer information between a client and a server without it being leaked to any third parties and ensuring the shared details are used solely for the purposes the client has agreed upon browsing the respective website.
SSL
We ensure that your data will be handled confidentially and encrypted with SSL (Secure-Socket-Layer) secure server software. The encrypted information of your order, your name, address, credit card or bank details cannot be read by any third party. This is shown by a small “lock” icon for any website which uses SSL and is situated at the very beginning of your address bar, right before the web address.
PCI Compliance
GLAMIRA hosts all data securely with a PCI (Payment Card Industry) Compliant hosting provider. As a highly experienced company, we know how important it is for the customer to feel safe while purchasing online. We acknowledge that securing data, especially credit card information, is essential for a successful business. PCI compliance optimises the security of any card, be it credit, debit or even cash card. This is a set of widely spread and accepted policies made to protect the personal information of a client and guarantee their safety while browsing and paying online. It also protects from misuse of personal and payment details.
Cookies
You consent to the usage of cookies in line with our Cookie Policy by continuing to use our website. If you do not consent to use these cookies, please disable them so that the cookies from this website will not be set on your device.
Cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser when you visit a website. Cookies enable a website to remember your preferences, whether you are signed in or what items are in your shopping cart. They collect information that allows us to analyse your usage of our website and offer you a better user experience.
Please keep in mind that the cookies we store on your device contain simply data and not code. As a result, they cannot be used to gain access to your device or to transfer viruses or malware.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies for functional and analytical purposes, to improve your experience on our website. Cookies enable us to collect statistical information about the visitors to our site, including demographics.
Our purpose is to:
Improve our website to your expectations
Recognise your device when you visit our website
Make product suggestions in accordance with your choice of products
Prevent you from having to log in every time you visit our website
Collect information about your online interaction to show you relevant ads
Cookies Used on This Website
We use session cookies and persistent cookies on our website. Session cookies remain on your device until you close your web browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device for a specified period. The cookies that we use can be categorised as follows:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies enable you to use the features of our website. They don’t gather information about you. For example, we use them to keep you logged in to your GLAMIRA account.
Performance/Analytics Cookies: We use these cookies to gather information about how visitors use our website. These cookies don’t collect information about you or cannot identify you. They help us get information to improve our website, such as which pages are visited the most.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies help us provide a more personalised shopping experience. For example, they remember your preferences on our website, and they help us recommend suitable products for you during your visit.
Third-Party Cookies: Our website allows some third party cookies. For example, if you use the “share” button to share a product image, you may get cookies from websites such as Facebook or Instagram. These cookies enable you to share content on social media.
We use cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
We use Google Analytics to get information about our visitors to improve our website for a better shopping experience.
Information collected by these cookies is transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the USA in accordance with its privacy practices. For further information on Google’s privacy practices and how this applies to Google Analytics, please visit Google Analytics privacy overview.
We use Google Advertising to enable targeted advertising to our website users that have previously interacted with our website. To opt-out of these services please read the section below to withdraw your consent.
How to withdraw your consent?
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose whether or not to accept cookies through your browser settings.
If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can easily decline or remove cookies from your device using your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from utilising the full functionality of our website.
If you would like to opt out of Google Ads and Google Analytics cookies, you can visit Google’s opt out pages:
To opt out of customised Google ads, visit:
Ads Preference Manager
To opt out of Google Analytics, visit:
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
To change your cookie settings, click:
GLAMIRA Cookie Settings
Optional details
You may use the
GLAMIRA.com
website without providing any personal information. You will, however, need to provide some certain informations in order for a possible purchase of the products offered on the website for the purposes of paying and processing your order. This information we use for internal order transactions and pass them where required for these purposes on to third parties. Your data is passed down to the shipping company, to the extent necessary to deliver the products (name, address, possibly a telephone number to coordinate the delivery). For the settlement of payments, your payment details (such as your charge or credit card number) will be passed to our bank if necessary. These third parties, however, are obligated to treat the data they have obtained from us confidentially and to solely use it for the purpose of service and transaction processing on our behalf.
If you sign up for our newsletter, we send emails to the registered email address with information about our company, email for advertising purposes and information on our products.
A transfer of your data to any other third parties or use for advertising purposes does not take place. If you wish to use your data for advertising purposes of
GLAMIRA.com
, you can always subscribe to our newsletter.
The customer login enables you to look at your orders and change your customer information and password.You may also request Glamira, by sending an e-mail to
service@glamira.com
, to delete your personal information at any time as soon as your order has been processed and delivered.
Please be aware that Glamira may collect non-personal information about you even if you do not purchase any products on the website (see “Cookies”).
Security
We secure our website and other systems by the use of technical and organizational measures against the loss, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorised persons. Despite of the regular checks, a complete protection against all threats is not possible.
Cancellation / Information
You can cancel, at any time , the consent of storing and processing your data, correct the data stored by us, get information or request the deletion of the data. On request, we will provide at any time complete and free information about you and your company which is stored in our database. Simply send us a short message on our contact page or an email to
service@glamira.com
. If a deletion is in conflict with statutory or contractual storage duties, we will block the data.
Liable for the data processing:
GLAMIRA.com
c/o Ring-Paare.de GmbH
Schaeuffelenstr. 49-51
74076 Heilbronn
Germany
Email:
service@glamira.com
Further details on the responsible body can be found in the About us section.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics®, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies," which are text files stored on your computer, enabling the analysis of the use of the website. The information generated by cookies on the use of this website (including the IP address) are in the context of using Google Analytics conferred on a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other use of the website and Internet services. Google will transmit this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, it is important to note that you cannot use all features of this website. By using this website you agree to the processing of your data by Google in the manner described and for the purpose mentioned above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about Glamira’s privacy policies and practices, please feel free to contact our Customer Service Department by e-mail at
service@glamira.com
WHY CHOOSE GLAMIRA?
OUR SERVICES
OUR POLICIES & LEGAL
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Pricing Policy
Payment Methods
Ethical Sourcing
Withdrawal
Imprint
ABOUT GLAMIRA
Who Are We?
GLAMIRA Worldwide
Our Production Facilities
Customer Opinions About Us
GUIDES & EDUCATION
Diamond Education
Colored Diamond Education
Gemstone Education
Pearl Education
Stone Comparison
Engagement Ring Guide
Wedding Ring Guide
Ring Size Guide
Bracelet Size Guide
Birthstone Guide
FAQ
JEWELLERY SHOPPING FAQ
FASHION SHOPPING FAQ
SHIPPING & DELIVERY
METALS & PRECIOUS STONES
JEWELRY CARE & MAINTENANCE
RETURNS
GLAMIRA REVIEWS
RETURN FORM
CONTACT US
SITE MAP