bilibili Game User Agreement
Last updated: [2024.8.6]
You
are now reading Our Game User Agreement (“Agreement”) which is a legal
agreement between You and
BILIBILI HK LIMITED
.
(“bilibili”, “We”, “Our”, or “Us”, as appropriate) regarding the Services You
Use from Us. “Services” means collectively, and sometimes individually, the
following: (a) each of Our Games, and (b) any Websites, software or other
services We provide with or in support of the Game, whether or not they are
installed or Used on a computer, console, or a mobile device, including without
limitation all information, linked pages, features, data, text, images,
photographs, graphics, music, sounds, video, messages, tags, content,
programming, application services or other materials made relating to Our Games
available by or through Us. “Game” means Our game that You download and access
that is subject to this Agreement, regardless of where You download and/or
access it.
Some Services may be available (or only available)
through accessing (or downloading from) a third-party platform or store,
including but not limited to,
Facebook, the Epic Games Store, Steam game platform, the Google
Play Store and Apple App Store (each, an “App Store”)
. Your use of the Services is also governed by any
applicable agreements You have with any App Store (the “App Store
Agreement(s)”). In the event of a conflict between any other App Store
Agreement(s) from which You acquire one of Our Games and this Agreement with
respect to your use of the Services, this Agreement will take priority.
To
ensure your relevant rights while using the Services, be sure to carefully read
the following regulations before You register to and log in to use Our
Services, particularly those pertaining to exemption and liability of
responsibility. We solemnly remind You to take note of the terms in this
Agreement which exempt Us from liability and restricts the rights of users. Be
sure to read the Agreement carefully and consider the risks.
Due to legal or technical reasons, or due to changes to
Our business, the Services will be updated from time to time. We reserve the
right to amend, modify or revise this Agreement at any time, and We will from
time to time make amendments to this Agreement, and such amendments form part
of this Agreement. We encourage You to check them regularly so as to ensure
your rights and interests.
Once We update this Agreement, We will issue an updated version
and notify You in an appropriate and practicable way. Please ensure that You
carefully read the updated Agreement.
If You disagree with any revised terms of the Agreement,
You should immediately terminate usage of the Services. If You continue to log
in to or use the Services, You will be deemed to have recognized and accepted
the revised terms of the Agreement.
IF YOU ARE YOUNGER THAN
THE RELEVANT "AGE OF MAJORITY" WHERE YOU LIVE, YOU MUST GET
PERMISSION FROM A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN TO OPEN AN ACCOUNT AND THAT PARENT
OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT KNOW WHETHER YOU
HAVE REACHED THE "AGE OF MAJORITY" WHERE YOU LIVE, OR DO NOT
UNDERSTAND THIS SECTION, PLEASE DO NOT CREATE AN ACCOUNT UNTIL YOU HAVE ASKED
YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN FOR HELP. IF YOU ARE THE PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN
OF A MINOR UNDER THE AGE OF MAJORITY WHO IS CREATING AN ACCOUNT, YOU MUST
ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF SERVICES ON THE MINOR'S BEHALF AND YOU WILL BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL USE OF THE ACCOUNT OR SERVICES, INCLUDING PURCHASES OR
OTHER TRANSACTIONS MADE BY THE MINOR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, WHETHER
THE MINOR'S ACCOUNT IS NOW OPEN OR CREATED LATER AND WHETHER OR NOT THE MINOR
IS SUPERVISED BY YOU DURING SUCH PURCHASE OR OTHER USE OF THE SERVICES.
TABLE
OF CONTENTS
Article 1.
bilibili
Account & Password
Article 2.
Application
Scope of the Agreement
Article 3.
Scope of
Services
Article 4.
Playing Our
Games with Other Users
Article 5.
In-game
Virtual Items and Virtual Currency
Article 6.
Testing
Article 7.
Operation
& User Responsibilities
Article 8.
Game Updates
& Suspension
Article 9.
Terminating
Operation
Article 10.
Intellectual
Property Rights
Article 11.
Personal
Information
Article 12.
Responsibility Limitations
Article 13.
Indemnity
Article 14.
Dispute
Resolution and Governing Law
Article 15.
Limitation
on Claims
Article 16.
Miscellaneous
Article 1
bilibili
Account & Password
1.
You may be required to
register or have a
bilibili
Account and set up a Password in order to use the Services.
To
create an Account, You will be required to register as a user and accept this
Agreement. If You do not accept the related terms, You will not be able to
create an Account.
To
the extent You use the Services through the use of a third-party account (for
example, your account with Google or Apple), We may access certain personal
information that this third party provides to us such as your authorization ID
and email address. Please
note that You may also be able to play the Game without creating Account, but
You may not be able to access certain parts of the Game, and your Game data may
be deleted if You uninstall or otherwise delete the Game.
2.
When
registering as a User for Account creation,
You agree that You will:
·
provide accurate,
up-to-date and complete information about You whenever prompted or permitted by
any site registration process; and
·
maintain
and promptly update your personal information and keep your personal
information accurate, up-to-date and complete.
3.
You cannot use a username
which is already allocated to another user, and the precondition to use the
Services is that You do not choose a username which is obscene or otherwise
offensive. We are entitled (but not obliged) to filter out certain words and
phrases that We considers unacceptable. Besides, while any registration process
that We adopt may filter out certain unacceptable words and phrases, it can
never be a comprehensive filter. Also, We reserve the right to terminate your
usership or Account and have the right to require your re-registration with a
new acceptable username if, in Our discretion, We consider that your username
(or its use) is offensive or otherwise breaches the user terms in any way.
4.
You agree to provide
accurate and complete registration information, and You are not suggested to
create an Account name that reflects your real name or other personal
information. You shall be responsible for keeping your Account secure and
confidential (including but not limited to Usernames, Passwords or other
related Account information)
and Our staff (including customer service representatives, game
managers, etc.) will never ask You for your Password. In the event of theft,
unauthorized Use or any other security breach pertaining to your Account or
Passwords, or if it is otherwise used without your explicit consent, or if your
Account's security has been compromised, You shall notify us immediately. Once
We have verified and confirmed that your Account has been Used without your
consent, We may suspend or terminate the use of this Account and Password
combination and provide You with a way to change your password via e-mail or
another form of contact. If You fail to take the proper precautions and your
Account and Password are used illegally, any such act will be attributed to the
user and You will be held responsible. Also, You acknowledge that You shall be
responsible for any and all behaviors performed and identified on or through
your Account, whether or not authorized by You. We will regard all use of your
Account as being by You, except where We have received and acknowledged your
notification. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your
Account even if such activities or uses were not committed by You. We will not
be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your display
name, password, or Account or your failure to comply with this Agreement.
5.
Account is unique as well
as important to each user. You are prohibited from gifting, lending,
transferring or otherwise permitting any other person to access or use your
Account. You shall not use other user(s)’ Account(s) at any time. We reserve
all available legal rights and remedies to prevent unauthorized use of Our
Services, including but not limited to terminate your Account immediately
without any refund.
6.
We may suspend or
terminate your usership or Account at any time for any reason without any
further formality if We have reason to believe that You have failed to comply
with any of the terms between bilibili and You. Besides, You will not be
permitted to re-register as a user without Our express permission.
7.
If You forget your
Password, You should notify Us at once and follow Our instructions. We shall
not be responsible for any losses (including virtual items (currency), points
You attain in the Game, game progress, and content You post in the game)
incurred by You forgetting your Password.
8.
Should your device's model
change, or if it changes for any reason, and You wish to continue using your
Account on the new device, You should follow Our procedures.
You have the rights to apply for your Account to be
deleted, but You may only delete your own Account, and should do so according
to the guidelines (e.g., contacting customer support) provided by this Service,
and You should ensure that You meet the platform's related terms for Account
deletion. You will still be held responsible for your actions taken during the
use of this Service before the deletion of your Account. You understand that if
You request to have your Account deleted, or if We delete your Account in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, You will no longer be able to
access the data for any Game (including but not limited to levels and score
achieved in Game, or any Virtual Items (Virtual Currency) associated with your
Account) on the platform previously associated with your Account. You may also
choose to unlink the association between your Account and any one or several
Games of your choosing on the platform. Should You do so, You may still use
Your Account to log in to other Games, but You may no longer access any data of
the Game or Games You unlinked (same as above parenthesis).
Article 2
Application Scope of the Agreement
1.
As
for the Services We provide, the rights and obligations of the Services between
You and Us shall be in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
2.
The
actual Game management rules and regulations can be found on the platform or in
the Game, and such Game management rules and regulations form part of this
Agreement. You should also comply with these rules and regulations for each
Game You choose to access and/or play.
Article 3
Scope
of Services
1.
The
Services as provided by this Agreement pertains to all content generated by the
Game program after You download and access the Game program on your personal
computer, mobile device or other carrier, and with which You use to log in to
the Game over the Internet to play said Game. However, this does not include
your application to access Internet services to an Internet service provider,
and the provision of hardware required to access Internet services. You shall
be responsible for expenses pertaining to the aforementioned arising from the
usage of the Services.
2.
You may purchase
any In-game Virtual Items and Virtual Currency (as
defined in Article 5)
or our Game through
payment method provided by us
. Our
payment processing partners may have their own terms and conditions, and You
should ensure that You agree to these terms and conditions prior to making a
payment. Should your transaction with Our payment processing partner fail, your
purchase will not be completed. Once your payment transaction has been
completed, We will endeavor to complete your purchase and order as soon as
possible.
You may cancel your subscription at any time
through Google Play or, the Apple App Store, or other app store through which
You have enabled your subscription (as the case may be) in accordance with the
applicable terms of service.  Upon cancellation,
your subscription shall not be renewed and shall expire on the last day of the
subscription period.  In the event your
subscription fee or any part of it is refunded, We reserve the right to
pro-rate or deduct any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items previously granted by
Us in the subscription period prior to your cancellation taking effect.
Article 4
Playing
Our Games with Other Users
1.
Some
of Our Games allow You to play against an opponent or to play socially with
other users. You may be able to choose to play against another user or to play social
with another user whom bilibili select for You
either in selection at random or using such criteria as bilibili
see fit in order to make these selections (your past scores, your country, or
the level You have reached in the game or your other gameplay activities, etc.)
, or play against, or play socially with, one of your contacts on a platform or
social network which You have allowed Our Games or Services to interact with.
Some of Our Games may also allow You to search for your friends (by user names
or by emails, etc.) in order to find them to play against or socially with. We
may also display the displayed names of your past opponents so that You can
easily find them to play again.
2.
By
accessing and/or playing Our Games You agree that Our display name, scores,
avatar, country location, online/offline status and other related details may
be displayed in and all media (whether it exists now or in the future), for any
purpose, in perpetuity without any payment to You. You also understand and agree
that other Users may find You by searching for You with your email address or
username. Please note that We will only show your display name publicly, and
not your email address; another user must already know your email address
themselves in order to search for You.
3.
Some
of your games may include functionality that may allow You to participate in
text/and or video chat with other Users.
Article 5
In-game
Virtual Items and Virtual Currency
1.
The
Game may contain Virtual Currency, such as coins, gold, and points, or Virtual
Items or services, such as character skins, mounts and vehicles, digital cards,
experience boosts, gear and other customizations for your In-game characters,
and other such digital add-on items that may improve your Game experience in some
way. Virtual Items and Virtual Currency are non-transferable and non-tradable,
in whole or part. Virtual Items and Virtual Currency are licensed, not sold
for You
. Except as otherwise
communicated to You within the functionality of the Game, Virtual Currency and
Virtual Items are not transferable from one Game to another. You may also be
able to obtain certain Virtual Items and Virtual Currency without making a
purchase, such as an In-game award.
2.
You
understand and agree to the calculation method for the cost and Usage of
Virtual Items and Virtual Currency. Virtual Items and Virtual Currency
purchased will be deducted first, and only once these Virtual Items and Virtual
Currency have been deducted, will Virtual Items and Virtual Currency obtained
for free be deducted.
3.
If
You are an adult according to the laws of the area where You are accessing the
Services from, You may purchase Virtual Items and Virtual Currency with
real-life currency and/or other credit cards. You agree that Virtual Items and
Virtual Currency may never be exchanged for real-life money, physical goods or
real-life services. You may only receive Virtual Items and Virtual Currency
from Us, and not from any third party.
4.
You
agree that all Virtual Items and Virtual Currency obtained from Us are
irrevocable
, and due to the special nature of online game services,
there is no physical goods transaction, and your purchasing experience comes
from online game services provided by the game manufacturer. Therefore, refund
is not applicable unless otherwise prescribed by mandatory provisions in law.
5.
Except
as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, We reserve the right to control,
supervise, change, or delete any Virtual Items and Virtual Currency without
being held responsible to You. In respect of the same to the fullest extent
permitted by law, if We suspend or terminate your Account in accordance with
this Agreement, You will lose any Virtual Items and Virtual Currency You may
have, and We will not compensate You for any losses incurred.
6.
You
agree that You won’t assert or bring any claim against Us relating to (i) a
claim that You have a proprietary interest in any Virtual Currency or Virtual
Items; or (ii) a claim for an alleged monetary value of Virtual Currency or
Virtual Items lost upon
:
deletion or suspension of your Account, or adjustments
to the Game that result in the value of Virtual Items or Virtual Currency
changing.
Article 6
Testing
1.
From
time to time We may offer a testing version of one of Our Services (a “Testing
version”) for a Testing. As the name implies, a Testing version are not
commercial launch versions, are not guaranteed to work properly, and may make
other parts of your system not work properly as Well. You acknowledge and agree
to the following terms:
(1)
We
may automatically delete or modify the information stored on your computer
related to the Testing version for any reason at any time during the duration
of the Test;
(2)
We
may terminate the Testing at any time, which would then render your Testing
version unplayable or unable to function properly. When We terminate a Testing,
you must delete the local Testing version instance on your computer and all
documents and materials you received from Us in connection with the Testing;
(3)
Termination
of a Testing by Us is not grounds for any kind of refund and your participation
in a Testing does not entitle you to any compensation or any free Services; and
(4)
If
and when We release a full (non-Testing) version of the particular Game and We
may allow your Use of the Game to continue to the full version. If so allowed
by Us, your continued Use of the Game will no longer be subject to this Article
6 but will still be subject to the rest of this Agreement.
2.
Use
of a Testing version is subject to confidential treatment of that Beta and all
elements thereof, including without limitation to information disclosed by Us
to You, or accessed or provided by You, in relation to the Testing (including
any feedback provided and the Game itself). You agree that you will:
(1)
not
use any Confidential Information other than as necessary to use the Testing
version in accordance with this Agreement;
(2)
maintain
Confidential Information in strict confidence and use the same degree of care
to protect it as You use to protect your own confidential information, but in
no circumstances less than reasonable care;
(3)
not
disclose the Confidential Information to any person or entity other than as
permitted by Us; and
(4)
not
make any public announcements related to the Testing or the Service, including
publishing or disclosing any information (e.g. screenshots and specifications)
relating to the Testing, without Our prior written approval, which We may grant
or withhold in Our sole discretion.
Article 7
Operation
& User Responsibilities
1.
While
providing the Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, We shall
maintain Our computer systems and provide security that can reasonably be
expected based on technology and professionalism at the time.
2.
You
shall abide by applicable laws of the area where You are accessing the Services
from. If any law applicable to You restricts or prohibits You from using the
Services, You shall comply with any such legal restrictions or, if applicable,
stop accessing and/or using the Services. You promise that any information You
provide Us pertaining to the access of the Services is true, accurate and
complete.
3.
We
may provide game-related information on the platform. You have no right to
request that We provide or disclose internal information pertaining to the
scoring method of the Services or the probability of Virtual Items drops and
acquisitions unless otherwise prescribed by mandatory provisions in law.
4.
All
data available when You play the game, including but not limited to characters,
gear, items, monster abilities or other similar information, is designed by the
Game company. We may make appropriate adjustments to related parameters to
ensure the game's fairness, and announce any such adjustments.
5.
Information,
data, applications, sound, images, graphs, videos, labels or other materials
You or other Users send, upload, exchange, transmit, or otherwise provide via
this Service (hereinafter referred to as “Content”). You understand and agree
that any Content You may send while Using the Services, whether published
publicly or sent privately, is the sole responsibility of the Content sender.
This means that You, not Us, are fully responsible for any Content uploaded,
exchanged, or transmitted or otherwise provided via this Service. If We
consider any Content uploaded via the Services violates any part of the terms
of this Agreement, or said Content harms the reputation of us or the Services,
We reserve the right to delete said Content.
Under
no circumstances will bilibili be liable in any way for any Content, including,
but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or
damage of any kind incurred as a result of the Use of, or reliance on, any
Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available through the
Services.
6.
You
may not upload, disseminate or otherwise provide any of the following Content:
(1)
Any
Content that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, alarming,
distressing, tortuous, defamatory, slandering, obscene, hateful, racially,
ethnically or otherwise objectionable in nature.
(2)
Any Content
that infringes on the privacy of others.
(3)
Any
Content that incites violence or racial/ethnic hatred.
(4)
Any
Content that infringes upon the intellectual property rights or other exclusive
rights of others.
(5)
Any
Content that contains unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional
materials, [spam mail], [spam advertising mail], or any other form of
solicitation.
(6)
Any
Content containing software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or
programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any
computer software, hardware, or telecommunication device.
(7)
Any Content that violates any applicable laws or
regulations.
7.
You
may not perform the following actions:
(1)
Use
the Services to harm, offend, or harass anyone.
(2)
Use the Services to harm
minors or make available Content that is harmful to children or minors in any
way.
(3)
Use
the Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes (including but not limited to
Using the Services to impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent
your relationship with any person, entity or the Services).
(4)
Use
the Services for any commercial or business purposes, or for the benefit of any
third party, or to send unsolicited messages.
(5)
Impede
,
manipulate
or
obstruct the Services or the servers or network the Services Uses
or any other User's Use and enjoyment of the Services, or disobey any
requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the
Services
.
(6)
Attempt
to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack the Services, or compromise
any encryption technology, security measures or data We transmit, process or
store, or otherwise disrupt the normal running or the fairness of the Game.
(7)
To
under a fake name, with fraudulent behavior, or in other false ways pay for the
purchase of Virtual Currency or Virtual Items.
(8)
Forge headers or otherwise
manipulate identifiers in order to disguise or mislead the origin of any
Content or communications transmitted through the Services.
(9)
Refund
without proper reason, i.e., to refund after having purchased and Used In-game
Virtual Items and Virtual Currency.
(10)
Transfer, agree to sell or trade any Account
,
Our game or any Service
without authorization.
(11)
Collect
or store any information that could be Used to identify an individual, either
itself or combined with other information, from the Services from other Users
of the Services without their express permission.
(12)
Use
the Services in any way that would affect Us adversely or reflect negatively on
Us or the Services or discourage any person from Using all or any portion of
the features of the Services.
(1
3)
Use the Services in violation of
any
applicable laws or regulations
.
8.
If We
reasonably believe that You have seriously violated these terms (including
multiple minor violations), We reserve the right to block or block delivery of
a communication (including without limitation status updates, postings,
messages and/or chats) to or from the Services or adopt other necessary
measures, suspend or terminate your Use of the Service (including deletion of
your account), and immediately terminate this Agreement as part of Our effort
to protect the Services or Our Users. Without limitation, any violation of the
terms of this Agreement may be deemed as a serious violation. You understand
that you have no right to ask Us for a refund should this Agreement be
terminated. You agree to compensate Us for all losses, damages, claims and
expenses incurred from violating the terms of this Agreement.
Article 8
Game Updates & Suspension
1.
You
understand that the Services or Game is an ongoing development. We will provide
software updates or changes from time to time to improve the user experience
and the Services, and may as such request that You accept updates to the game
or Services installed on your device. You understand and agree that We may
update the game or Services with Our without notifying You. You may need to
update third-party software from time to time to access the Game or Services.
You have the right to choose whether to accept Game or Services updates. If You
do not accept an update, some functions may be restricted or unavailable to
You.
2.
We may update, patch or
modify the software remotely and access the software residing on your machine
or device for such purpose, and You hereby grant to Us the right to deploy and
apply such patches,
updates
and modifications. All provisions of these Agreement that refer to “software”
shall also include all such patches, updates and modifications.
3.
To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law,
We
may change all or part of the Game or Services Content at any time and for any
reason, or suspend or terminate the provision of the Game or Service without
prior notice to You.
4.
Should
any of the following situations occur, We may suspend or terminate the
provision of the Game and Services without prior notice to You:
(1)
If We
are unable to provide the Game or Services due to natural disasters such as
earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons, lightning, rainstorms or floods, or due to
fire, power failure or other unforeseen events or circumstances, war, conflict,
riot, unrest or labor dispute.
(2)
If We
are unable to provide the Game or Services due to regular or emergency
maintenance of the system, maintenance required to provide the Game or Services
or network system overload and issues of the provider.
(3)
And
in addition to the above, when We determine it necessary to suspend or
terminate the provision of the Game or Service.
5.
We
shall not be held liable for any loss incurred by You as a result of changes,
suspension or termination of the Game or Services described in this article,
except for situations attributable to Us.
6.
If
You do not log in to or Use the Services for consecutive365 days period, We may
notify You to log in within 15 days. Should You not log in to the Services
within that time frame,
We reserve the right to
delete or deactivate your Account and all Virtual Items and Virtual Currency in
Your Account shall be forfeited and no refunds will be made in respect of the
same to the fullest extent authorized by law. Notwithstanding the above,
normally We do not wish to delete Your Account unless there are exceptional
circumstances.
Article 9
Terminating
Operation
Should this Agreement be terminated because We terminate
the operation of the Game Services, We will, to ensure the legitimate rights
and interests of
Our Users, deal with matters related to the termination of the
Game operation in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, including but
not limited to announcing said termination on the main page of Our Website, on
the in-game login menu, or purchase menu prior to the termination.
Virtual Items
and Virtual Currency You have not yet used or Game Services that have not yet
expired, may be settled on Our discretion to the fullest extent permitted by
the applicable law.
Article 10
Intellectual
Property Rights
1.
Our Service including Our Content
and Games is owned by Us or Our licensors. We grant You a non-exclusive,
non-transferable limited right and license to install the software and to
access and/or Use the Services, subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement and for personal Use only. This license does not allow you to make
any commercial Use or any derivative Use of the Services. All rights not
expressly granted by Us under the Agreement are hereby reserved by Us.
Any third-party scripts or code, linked to or
referenced from the Services, are licensed to you by the third parties that own
such scripts or code, not by Us.Our Service may involve third-party
intellectual property rights. If such third-party has requirements for Users to
use such intellectual property rights in Services, you should comply with such
requirements.
2.
Our Services may let you
upload, post and store photos and other content that you own, to which you
retain your ownership and to which bilibili is entitled to a free,
non-exclusive, and sublicensable (through multi-level) license to Use,
including but not limited to text, images, video, audio, music, sound,
dialogue, etc.
You hereby confirm and
agree that the forms of Use include, but are not limited to, Use in specific
products and services or Use for the promotion of corresponding products and
services.
3.
Game
software, manuals, and all related merchandize products are protected by
copyright law and belong to Us. To be specific, any materials that are part of
the bilibili Services (including but not limited to any content, Websites,
games, programs, tools, source codes, object codes, HTML, content, files,
patches, updates, modifications, derivative works, printed or electronic
documentation, instructions, design, accounts, passwords, themes, concepts,
stories, storylines, technology, architecture, logic, structure, sequence,
organization, themes, symbols, instructions, design, text, data, sounds,
photographs, audio clips, audiovisual, video, artwork, graphics, logos, names,
button icons, images of vehicles, accessories, virtual components, equipment,
materials, selection and arrangement, titles, methods of operation, software,
related documentation, and all other features contained in the bilibili
Services) are protected by applicable laws from unauthorized Use and shall not
be copied, reproduced or modified in part or in whole in any way without Our
express permission. By Using or accessing the Services You agree to comply with
the copyright, trademark, service mark, and all other applicable laws that
protect the Services and its content. You agree not to copy, distribute,
republish, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, modify, adapt, rent,
sell, or create derivative works of any portion of the Services or its content,
and You may not Use any portion of the Services or its content
to create any merchandize products without Our prior
written consent. You also may not, without Our prior written consent, mirror or
frame any part or whole of the Services on any other server or as part of any
other Website. In addition, You agree that You will not Use any robot, spider
or any other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy Our content,
without Our prior written consent (such consent is deemed given for standard search
engine technology employed by Internet search Websites to direct Internet Users
to this Website).
4.
You
shall not in any way provide operation (or hosting) services of the Game,
intermediate services or obstruct, simulate or reset it. Related prohibited
methods include but are not limited to setting up private servers, reverse
engineering, modifying the game, or adding new mods, or Using certain tool
programs to provide operation (or hosting) services of the game.
5.
The
intellectual property rights of any data information (if any), except for yOur
personal information, generated on Our servers during your participation in the
game belong to us. You have limited Usage rights to game data information while
You Use the Game software and Service in accordance with this Agreement.
6.
bilibili remains the sole
owner of rights, titles and interests (including intellectual property rights,
neighboring rights and other rights and interests) in and to the bilibili
Services. You acknowledge and agree that You may not have any right or interest
as a result of Using the bilibili Services, except explicitly granted to You
under this Agreement.
7.
bilibili respect copyright
law and expect Our Users to do the same. It’s Our policy to terminate in
appropriate circumstances Game Accounts of Users who infringe or are believed
to be infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Article 11
Personal Information
1.
We
take very seriously the protection of Our users' personal information. We will
adopt safety technology and other safety measures that match the Services, and
establish a comprehensive management system to protect your personal
information and prevent your personal information from being improperly used,
from any unauthorized access and usage, or from being divulged.
2.
The
protection of personal information shall be handled in accordance with relevant
laws and regulations. We may use your personal information within the scope
required to fulfill this Agreement.
3.
We
have formulated an independent Privacy Policy to protect your privacy and standardize
the use of personal information. Kindly read carefully said
Privacy Policy
.
Article 12
Responsibility
Limitations
1.
IN
NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY
OR STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), OR OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION AT LAW, IN
EQUITY, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL
OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF DATA, SERVICE
INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER, MOBILE PHONE OR MOBILE DEVICE FAILURE) ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING THEREFROM, EVEN IF BILIBILI HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
2.
We
will provide Our Services with the similar skill and care as other similar
Website service providers. If You have any issues with or if You are
unsatisfied with Our Services, You may contact Us for discourse or You may stop
Using Our Services. We assume no responsibility for any interruptions or errors
You encounter while accessing Our Services, unless otherwise agreed in this
Agreement. YOUR ONLY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH
THE SERVICES IS TO TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT AND DISCONTINUE ANY USE OF THE
SERVICES.
3.
WE
ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:
(1)
LOSSES
OR DAMAGES NOT CAUSED BY OUR VIOLATING ANY CLAUSE OR BY NEGLIGENCE.
(2)
LOSSES
OR DAMAGES NEITHER YOU NOR WE MAY REASONABLY FORESEE AT THE TIME OF YOUR
AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OR ARTICLES, INCLUDING LOSSES INCURRED AS A SIDE EFFECT
OF FORESEEABLE LOSSES. THESE MAY INCLUDE DATA LOSSES, OPPORTUNITY LOSSES,
SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER OR OTHER DEVICE FAILURES OR FINANCIAL LOSSES.
(3)
ANY
LOSSES OR INCREASE IN LOSSES CAUSED BY YOUR VIOLATING ANY OF THESE TERMS OR
ARTICLES.
(4)
LOSSES
OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM TECHNICAL FAILURES OR THE AVAILABILITY OF OUR WEBSITE,
GAMES AND/OR SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS THAT ARE NOT WITHIN OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
(5)
WE MIGHT PROVIDE THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR LINKS TO
RESOURCES IN OUR SERVICES, BUT WE DO NOT GUARANTEE AND ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY
REGARDING THE AUTHENTICITY AND VALIDITY OF CONTENT, ADVERTISEMENT, SERVICES,
AND PRODUCT INFORMATION ON ANY SUCH LINK.
THE INCLUSION OF ANY LINK DOES NOT IN ANY WAY IMPLY OR EXPRESS
AFFILIATION, ENDORSEMENT OR SPONSORSHIP BY US OF ANY LINKED SITE AND/OR ANY OF
ITS CONTENT THEREIN. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR HARM THAT OCCURS TO YOU
AS A RESULT OF SUCH SITES. IN ADDITION, THE SERVICES MAY CONTAIN LINKS TO THIRD
PARTY TEXT AND VIDEO FEEDS (AND PODCASTS) (COLLECTIVELY, "THIRD PARTY
FEEDS"), PRODUCTS, WEBSITES, SERVICES AND OFFERS, OR LINKS TO DOWNLOAD
THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS. ADDITIONALLY, THIRD PARTIES MAY MAKE AVAILABLE,
ON THEIR OWN WEBSITES, THIRD PARTY FEEDS, AND SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS. THESE
THIRD PARTY LINKS, THIRD PARTY FEEDS, PRODUCTS, WEBSITES, SERVICES AND SOFTWARE
APPLICATIONS ARE NOT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY BILIBILI. RATHER, THEY ARE OPERATED
BY, AND ARE THE PROPERTY OF, THE RESPECTIVE THIRD PARTIES, AND MAY BE PROTECTED
BY APPLICABLE COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS AND TREATIES.
BILIBILI HAS NOT REVIEWED, AND ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENT,
FUNCTIONALITY, SECURITY, SERVICES, PRIVACY POLICIES, OR OTHER PRACTICES OF
THESE THIRD PARTIES. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT BILIBILI SHALL NOT
BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER DUE TO YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY
THIRD-PARTY FEED, WEBSITE OR WIDGET. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT BILIBILI
MAY DISABLE YOUR USE OF, OR REMOVE, ANY THIRD PARTY LINKS, THIRD PARTY FEEDS,
OR APPLICATIONS ON THE SERVICES TO THE EXTENT THEY VIOLATE THESE TERMS OF
SERVICE.
4.
WE
ARE ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES WITH REASONABLY FORESEEABLE
CONSEQUENCES ARISING FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE OR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND
ARTICLES, WITH THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT BEING THE AMOUNT YOU HAD PAID US WITHIN 90
DAYS PRIOR TO THE DATE AT WHICH YOU MADE THE CLAIM. FORESEEABLE LOSSES AND
LOSSES REFER TO LOSSES OR DAMAGES WHICH YOU AND US MAY THINK OF WHEN YOU AGREE
TO THESE TERMS AND ARTICLES.
5.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, SOME COUNTRIES, STATES, PROVINCES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS
STATED ABOVE, SO THE ABOVE TERMS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. ALSO, YOU MAY HAVE
ADDITIONAL LEGAL RIGHTS IN YOUR JURISDICTION, AND NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT
WILL PREJUDICE SUCH RIGHTS THAT YOU MAY HAVE AS A CONSUMER OF THE SERVICES.
Article 13
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold bilibili and each of
their respective members, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless
from and against all costs, actions, losses, damages, claims, demands,
settlements, fines, penalties, liabilities and/or expenses, including
attorneys' fees, arising howsoever under this Agreement including without
limitation arising from or in connection with misrepresentation, negligence,
omission, and/or breach of this Agreement on your part. This indemnity shall be
granted whether or not legal proceedings are instituted and, if such
proceedings are instituted, irrespective of the means, manner or nature of any
settlement, compromise or determination. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in
this clause shall prevent or restrict Us enforcing any other rights and
obligations owed to it under this Agreement.
Article 14
Trade Compliance
1.
Collection of
individual's information for sanction compliance purpose.You understand and
agree that (i) for trade compliance purpose, bilibili is obligated to
gather information on individuals using bilibili’s services; (ii)
bilibili fulfils these obligations by requiring individuals using
bilibili’s services to provide the information including name,
nationality, birthdate, identify number, IP address, location, and
other necessary information; (iii) you agree to provide such
information mentioned in item (ii) so that bilibili can confirm the
submitter’s identity, and verify that the submitter is not subject to sanctions
or other legal restrictions.
2.
You promise not to sign up
for or use bilibili account to engage in the following acts:for the
purpose of conducting any action which violates, or would assist in violation
of, applicable laws, regulations and rules, including restrictions under the
U.S. sanctions and export control laws and regulations, or which would involve
proceeds of any unlawful activity; any activity which would publish, distribute
or disseminate any unlawful material or information.
3.
Ensuring compliance with
applicable sanction laws.You ensure that your use of bilibili's services
does and at all times will comply with all applicable laws and regulations,
including, without limitation, all OFAC(the Office of Foreign Assets Control)-administered
sanctions programs and any other sanctions programs.
4.
Requirements before
closing a bilibili account.
Before
you apply to us for closing your bilibili account, in order to protect
your account security and property rights and interests, you must first check
and ensure that the account you are applying for closing meets the following
conditions, including but not limited to: there is no violation of any
applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, all
OFAC-administered sanctions programs and any other sanctions programs.
5.
Our right to decline,
suspend, or close your account.
We
reserve the right to decline to provide our services to you or immediately
suspend or close your account, without notice, if we learn or reasonably
suspect, in our sole discretion, that you will use or have used your account to
engage in unlawful or improper activity in violation of applicable laws or
regulations. We reserve the right at all times to monitor, review, retain
and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, sanctions programs, legal process or governmental request.
Article 15
Dispute Resolution and Governing Law
This Agreement is governed by
the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's
Republic of China, and all conflicting legal provisions shall be excluded. Both
parties agree that any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be submitted
to the
Hong
Kong International Arbitration Centre for arbitration in accordance with the
effective Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre Arbitration Rules. The
final arbitration result shall be legally binding on both parties. Any
arbitration shall be held in Hong Kong.
Article 16
Limitation on Claim
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, any
claim arising from or in connection with this Agreement and/or the bilibili
Services, must commence within 365 days after You shall first become aware of
or within 365 days after the claim or cause of action accrues (whichever is
earlier). If it is not filed within that time, then the claim is permanently
barred.
Article 17
Miscellaneous
1.
Entire Agreement.
This
Agreement and any other document or information referred to in this Agreement
constitutes the entire and exclusive understanding between You and Us regarding
the Services and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or
agreements between you and Us regarding the Services.
2.
Severability.
If
any part of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable under any
applicable law or by an applicable court, that part shall be interpreted so
that it remains consistent with the applicable laws, while reflecting Our
original intent to the greatest degree possible. The rest of this Agreement
shall remain valid and enforceable.
3.
Waiver of Right.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any of the rights in this Agreement does not
mean that We waiver any such rights. Any waiver of such rights shall be
effective only in written form signed by Us.
4.
No Assignment.
You
may not assign, transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of your rights or
obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
without the express prior written consent of bilibili. Otherwise, bilibili may,
in its sole discretion, terminate providing any services to You without prior
notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, bilibili shall be entitled to at any
time assign, transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement.