Privacy policy
Qurrat Ul Ain Khan has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how to collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with services and websites including,
Types of Information We Collect:
There are two types of information we collect through your use of our  apps .
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  collects about the use of Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  to identify you. The types of non-personal data Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and coarse location; (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  to enhance the Services and other Rebel Apps  products and services.
Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  may use Firebase analytics tool in order to develop and analyze use of the Services. If you wish to opt-out from Firebase  analytics.
Qurrat Ul Ain Khan may use and disclose to Qurrat Ul Ain Khan ’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Qurrat Ul Ain Khan  may supplement your personal and non-personal data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services.
We may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information, such as device IDs, advertising IDs or other persistent identifiers and non-precise geolocation information, with our advertising partners. Those partners may use your Non-Personal Information to serve you tailored advertisements outside of our Websites/Apps; please note that this sharing is limited to anonymous, aggregated Non-Personal Information only and we will not share your Personal Information with advertisers without your prior consent.
We use the services of third parties who will have limited access to your Personal Information to be used for specific purposes. These purposes may include credit card processing, prize delivery, marketing assistance, customer service, and data analysis. The third parties we contract with for these purposes will be authorised to use your Personal Information only for the purposes for which the party was engaged. In addition, Non-Personal Information and Usage Data in aggregated, anonymous form may be shared with third parties who assist us with our operations such as administration, analytics, research, optimisation, and advertising.
Qurrat Ul Ain Khan may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Qurrat Ul Ain Khan to legal liability.
Push Notifications: With your consent, we send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
2. Location Data
To the extent Qurrat Ul Ain Khan makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services, Qurrat Ul Ain Khan apps  may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. Qurrat Ul Ain Khan may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding Rebel Apps ’s partners who are providing location related parts of the Service, Qurrat Ul Ain Khan will not share your GPS geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent Qurrat Ul Ain Khan makes available GPS geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, it will be provided anonymously. Please note that Qurrat Ul Ain Khan may share your anonymous coarse location with its partners.
3. Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
4. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Personal data may be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Qurrat Ul Ain Khan may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. Cookies
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, clear GIFs and web beacons.  treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
If any Query contacting us at:
qurratalain.gd@gmail.com
Home: Text