Bonfire
apps
we create apps for more quality time between close people.
Privacy
This privacy policy sets out how CRAYCRAY SAS ("Craycray", “Cray cray”, "we", "us") uses and protects any information that you give when you use our website or our mobile application (our “App”). Craycray is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We're all about helping you with your crush - we're not into selling your data.
What information do we collect?
We collect both you and your crushs: Username(s), Phone Number(s), Questions (Craycrays) Responses.
How does Craycray handle consent?
Due to the uniquely dyadic nature of Craycray - when a user signs up (“primary user”, “User A) they also specify their crush (“secondary user”, “User B”, “DRP”). Both User A and User B must opt-in to receive texts from Craycray. Both users can opt-out of this service at any time and are not obligated to participate in our Service. In the event a user opts-out of text messaging after a subscription has been started, their subscription with not terminate automatically. Opting out of text messages and cancelling your subscription are separate processes. All sales are final, and we do not offer refunds for our subscription. To opt-out of Craycray texts, text STOP to ##### or email hello@craycray.app. By using Craycray, and responding to any craycray text message, you consent to have your responses to the craycray be forwarded and shared with your crush.
What do we do with the information we collect?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reason:‍ To personalize your experience (your information helps us to respond to your individual needs). To improve our website and product (we continually strive to improve Craycray texts and the website based on your feedback). We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the phone number which you have provided. We will also require you to link your ApplePay account with our App if you wish to purchase our premium packages. This does not give us access to your credit card or banking information, but is needed so that we can process your purchases/subscriptions.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file of information placed on your computer. Cookies can help track which websites you visit and what you do on the site. Craycray uses cookies for the following purposes:‍ To understand site analytics to improve site features, tailor content, and enhance the user experience.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to unrelated third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may need to send your personal information to our third-party vendors, who are under contractual obligations to keep this information confidential. We may also use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. Finally, if we ever sell CRAYCRAY SAS, or participate in a merger or consolidation, and our User data is one of the assets involved in the sale, your personal information will be part of this sale or transfer. We may also disclose your personal information: To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request. To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of CRAYCRAY SAS, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Consent
By using our site or app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Children Under The Age of 18
Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under the age of 18 may provide any personal information to, or on, the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website, or on or through any of its features/functionality, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features that may be available on this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address or any screen name or username you may use. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from, or about, a child under 18, please contact us at hello@craycray.app.
download our app
Cray Cray Cards
Download Cray Cray Cards ->
Want to connect with us?
Shout us a message
link