AI Keyboard Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Release Date: January 01, 2024
Introduction
The Rizzkey (referred to as “this product” or “Rizzkey”), is an artificial intelligence question and answer service provided by Beijing Yuanshi Technology Limited Company (hereinafter referred to as “we,”). We have formulated this policy to ensure the security of personal information for users (hereinafter referred to as “you”) in all ways of using this product and related services. Through this policy, we aim to clearly demonstrate to you how we handle personal information. Therefore, we recommend that you read this policy in its entirety to understand the methods of protecting personal information. Please pay special attention to the terms highlighted in bold, and ensure that you use this product only after understanding and agreeing.
Your agreement to this policy indicates that you fully understand the services and features we provide, including the personal information required for the operation of these features, and authorize us to collect and use this information. If you or your guardian disagree with the policy content, please stop using this product immediately. Your continued use of this product or its related services indicates your agreement that we will legally process your personal information in accordance with this policy. If it is necessary to use your information for purposes not included in this policy, we will obtain your consent in advance.
To explain which personal information Rizzkey will collect from you, why we collect this personal information, how we collect, use, and store your personal information, and what rights you have, we will clarify these matters through this policy.
1. Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
We will collect and use your personal information based on the principles of legitimacy, legality, openness, transparency, and minimal necessity for the purposes described in this policy. In order to provide you with a higher quality and intelligent Rizzkey product and service, we may need to collect the following information. We will provide detailed explanations below regarding the personal information collected and used by Rizzkey. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to enjoy the corresponding business functions and services.
1.1 Personal Information You Voluntarily Provide During the Provision of Products and Services:
1.1.1 Account Information
(1) When you apply to use Rizzkey, you can log in with a registered Rizzkey account. To complete registration and login, you need to provide us with your Email, mobile number and verification code.
(2) If you do not log in with a Rizzkey account, we will not collect the aforementioned personal information. However, functionalities related to login will be unavailable.
1.1.2 Human-Computer Interaction Dialogue
Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations, in order to provide you with a continuous and consistent user experience, ensuring service quality, when you use the services of Rizzkey, we will automatically collect and record the text dialogue information and content instructions you input during the interaction with Rizzkey, your behavioral information when using the model (including your clicks, browsing, editing, and other operation records), as well as the feedback information you provide (including likes, dislikes, error reporting, feedback submission, etc.). We will accept, analyze, and calculate the above information to better understand your questions and contextual nuances, thereby providing you with more relevant information content (including text or audio/video). If you refuse to allow us to collect and process the aforementioned personal information, please be cautious when entering the aforementioned information, but this may affect your normal use of some or all functions provided by Rizzkey.
1.1.3 Q&A History
In order to provide you with a continuous and consistent user experience, ensuring service quality, we will collect your Q&A history, including the text dialogue information you input and the conversation topics formed based on the above information. You can search for and manage undeleted Q&A history. To fulfill network information security obligations, we will retain your Q&A history and conversation topics within the time limit specified by laws and regulations.
1.1.4 User Feedback and Services
a. Customer Service and Issues:
To facilitate communication with you, promptly assist you in problem resolution, or record the processing solutions and results of relevant issues, we will save your communication/call records with us and related content (including account information, feedback information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave). If you refuse to provide the aforementioned personal information, you will be unable to use the customer service function.
b. Complaints and Disputes:
When you lodge a complaint against others or are complained against, in order to protect your and others’ legitimate rights and interests, we may provide your account/identity information, contact information, and complaint-related content to consumer rights protection departments and regulatory authorities to protect your, other users of this service, our, and the public’s legitimate rights and interests.
c. Surveys:
For the reasonable needs of providing services and improving service quality, we may send surveys to you on Our or cooperative platforms. When analyzing surveys, we will use your survey response information and other information you provide when contacting customer service. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned personal information, you can decline to participate in the survey.
1.1.5 Message Notifications
Please be aware and agree that during operation, we may send one or more types of notifications to you through the contact information you provide during the use of products and/or services (e.g., phone number), such as user experience surveys. However, if you do not wish to receive these messages, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in mobile messages or contact us directly for unsubscribing.
1.1.6 Payment Information
Our e-commerce provider (Apple) is responsible for billing, processing and charging for in-app purchases, handles your personal information and keeps it absolutely safe and secure. This information is processed as part of the performance of the contract between you and us. We cannot access or use your credit or debit card information. You may access the applicable “in-app” purchase rules and policies directly from the app stores.
1.1.7 Other Purposes
(1) De-identification and Anonymization:
We will, as required by relevant laws and regulations, use technical means to de-identify or anonymize personal information. Information processed through anonymization will be unable to accurately identify specific individuals. Please understand and agree that, in this case, we have the right to use the anonymized information.
(2) Analysis and Commercialization:
Under the premise of the aforementioned anonymization, you agree to authorize us to analyze and commercially utilize various data generated during your use of this product, including your personal information.
(3) Other Unspecified Purposes:
When we intend to use your personal information for purposes not specified in this policy or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance. Please understand that the services we provide to you will continuously update and change. If you choose to use other features not explicitly mentioned in this policy, before collecting your personal information, we will explain in detail the purpose, methods, and scope of information collection, and seek your explicit consent through updated agreements or popup prompts on pages. If you do not agree to provide the aforementioned information, you may be unable to use that specific service, but it will not affect your use of other services.
1.2 Collecting Personal Information Proactively During the Provision of Products and/or Services
1.2.1 Log Information:
Please understand and agree that when you use Our products and services, we will collect your IP address information to improve our products and services, providing you with a better service experience.
1.2.2 Browser and Operation Information:
Please understand and agree that when you use Our products and services, for the purpose of ensuring the security of this product’s use, we will access your browser information and terminal operation information.
1.3 Personal Information Obtained from Third Parties:
Please understand and agree that we may collect and use your personal information from third parties (our partners) within the scope of your consent. In this case, we will process your personal information in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations. Please also read the privacy policy and user service agreement of the third party in detail.
1.4 Explanation of Personal Information Processing:
According to applicable laws and regulations, we may technically process your personal information to make it impossible to accurately identify individual users based on that information. We may conduct anonymized research or statistical analysis on the information processed through technical means, including the dialogue information you input when using the writing function. This is done to continuously improve the speed and quality of algorithm model recognition and response, enhance the intelligence of services, and improve the understanding of the content you input. However, we will not identify you specifically based on the dialogue content you input.
1.5 Device Details
When you use a mobile device (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to access our Product, some details about your device are reported, including “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your personality). Device identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content and ads by the third parties.
1.6 Exceptions to Obtaining Consent
Please note that in the following circumstances, we may collect and use your personal information without obtaining your consent:
(1) Necessary for Contractual Obligations:
When it is necessary to enter into or fulfill a contract in which you are a party, or when it is necessary to provide services requested by you.
(2)Legal Obligations:
When it is necessary for us to fulfill our legal duties or legal obligations.
(3)Emergency Situations:
In response to sudden public health events or emergencies to protect the life, health, and property safety of individuals.
(4)Public Interest Activities:
When conducting activities such as news reporting and public opinion supervision directly related to public interests, within a reasonable scope of processing your personal information.
(5)Publicly Available Information:
When processing information that you have voluntarily made public or that has been legally disclosed publicly.
(6)National Security:
When directly related to national security and defense.
(7)Legal Proceedings:
When directly related to criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials, and execution of judgments.
(8)Difficult to Obtain Consent:
When it is difficult to obtain your consent but is necessary to protect your or other individuals’ significant legal interests such as life and property.
(9)From Legally Disclosed Information:
When collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as through legal news reporting or government information disclosure channels.
(10)Service Security and Stability:
When necessary for the secure and stable operation of the services provided, such as discovering and handling service faults.
(11)Other Legal Requirements:
In other circumstances as stipulated by laws, regulations, and administrative rules.
2. How We Use Cookies
Most browsers provide users with the ability to clear browser cache data. You can manage or delete cookies based on your preferences. You have the option to clear all cookies stored on your computer. Most web browsers also have features to block cookies, but by doing so, you may not fully experience some of our convenient and secure service features.
3. How We Share, Transfer, and Disclose Your Personal Information
3.1 Sharing
In principle, we do not share your personal information with third parties, except in the following circumstances:
(1) With Your Explicit Consent:
We may share your personal information with third parties if we have obtained your separate consent.
(2) Legal Sharing:
We may share your personal information externally as required by laws and regulations, for dispute resolution, or in response to requests from administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with legal requirements.
3.2 Transfer
In principle, we will not transfer control of your personal information to third parties, except in the following circumstances:
(1) With Your Explicit Consent or Authorization:
We will transfer your personal information to third parties if we have obtained your explicit consent or authorization in advance.
(2) In Case of Mergers, Divisions, Dissolutions, or Bankruptcy:
In situations involving mergers, divisions, dissolutions, or bankruptcy, where it is necessary to transfer your personal information, we will inform you of the name or name and contact information of the receiving party and request that the receiving party continues to be bound by this policy. If the receiving party changes the original processing purposes or methods, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
Please understand and agree that if it is indeed necessary to transfer due to the above reasons, we will inform you of the purpose, type, and recipient of the transferred information before the transfer, and we will proceed with the transfer only after obtaining your consent, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
3.3 Public Disclosure
In principle, we do not disclose your personal information to the public or unspecified individuals. However, exceptions may occur in the following cases:
(1) With Your Explicit Consent:
We may disclose your personal information if we have obtained your separate consent.
(2) Legal Compliance and Violation Investigation:
If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated our relevant terms, policies,agreements or rules, or to protect the personal and defend the rights or the personal and property safety of us, our affiliated companies, users, or the public from harm, we may disclose your personal information, including information about your relevant violations and the measures we have taken against you, in accordance with laws and regulations.
3.4 Exceptions to Obtaining Prior Consent for Sharing, Transfer, and Public Disclosure of Personal Information
In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information may occur without obtaining your prior consent:
(1) Necessary for Contractual Obligations:
When it is necessary to enter into or fulfill a contract in which you are a party, or when it is necessary to provide services requested by you.
(2) Legal Obligations:
When it is necessary for us to fulfill our legal duties or legal obligations.
(3) Emergency Situations:
In response to sudden public health events or emergencies to protect the life, health, and property safety of individuals.
(4) Public Interest Activities:
When conducting activities such as news reporting and public opinion supervision directly related to public interests, within a reasonable scope of processing your personal information.
(5) Publicly Available Information:
When processing information that you have voluntarily made public or that has been legally disclosed publicly.
(6) National Security:
When directly related to national security and defense.
(7) Legal Proceedings:
When directly related to criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials, and execution of judgments.
(8) Difficult to Obtain Consent:
When it is difficult to obtain your consent but is necessary to protect your or other individuals’ significant legal interests such as life and property.
(9) From Legally Disclosed Information:
When collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as through legal news reporting or government information disclosure channels.
(10) Product and Service Security and Stability:
When necessary for the secure and stable operation of the products and services provided, such as discovering and handling service faults.
(11) Other Legal Requirements:
In other circumstances as stipulated by laws, regulations, and administrative rules.
4. How do you manage your personal information?
4.1 Query, copy, correct, and transfer your personal information
You have the right to query, copy, and correct your personal information, or request the transfer of your personal information to a personal information processor of your choice. If you have the aforementioned needs, you can make such requests through the contact information specified in Article 9 of this policy. Subject to relevant laws and regulations and after verifying and confirming your user identity, we will provide feedback as soon as practicable.
4.2 Delete your personal information
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of your personal information from us, except for cases where personal information has been anonymized or as otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations:
(1) The processing purpose has been achieved, is no longer achievable, or is no longer necessary for achieving the processing purpose;
(2) We cease to provide products or services, or the retention period has expired;
(3) You withdraw your consent;
(4) We violate laws, administrative regulations, or agreements in processing personal information;
(5) Other situations as stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
Please be aware and agree that once the deletion request is responded to, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized; we may not immediately delete the responded information from the backup system, but will do so when the backup system is updated.
4.3 Change the scope of your authorized consent
When you change the scope of your consent, we will no longer collect and use the corresponding personal information unless you reauthorize. Please understand and agree that changing the scope of your authorized consent or withdrawing your authorized consent or where your consent is not required according to the applicable laws and regulations.
4.4 Deactivate your account
You have the right to deactivate your account. If you have the aforementioned need, you can deactivate your account through the “Deactivate Account” function. Alternatively, you can make such requests through the contact information specified in Article 9 of this policy. After verifying and confirming your user identity, we will provide feedback as soon as practicable.
After deactivating your account, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or for other reasonable requirements, we will promptly delete your personal information or anonymize it. Please choose to deactivate your account carefully.
4.5 Responding to your aforementioned requests
To exercise the user rights described in Articles 4.1-4.4 of this policy, you can contact us through the methods provided in Article 9 of this policy. To ensure security, we will verify your identity before processing your request. For your requests, we will generally provide feedback as soon as practicable after receiving them. However, we may refuse requests related to information not directly associated with your identity, unreasonable repetition of requests, requests requiring excessive technical measures (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), requests posing risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or requests that are impractical.
In the following situations, in accordance with legal requirements, we may be unable to respond to your requests:
(1) Related to the obligations of personal information processors as stipulated by laws and regulations;
(2) Related to national security and defense security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and significant public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(5) Substantial evidence indicating the subjective malice or abuse of rights by the data subject;
(6) For the protection of the life, property, and other significant legitimate rights and interests of the data subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the data subject’s consent;
(7) Responding to your request would cause serious harm to your or others’ legitimate rights and interests;
(8) Involving trade secrets.
5. How we store your personal information
We will store the personal information collected and generated during our operations in our server within its borders. Unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, the storage time for your personal information will be limited to the shortest time necessary to achieve the purposes for which you have authorized its use. Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations or normative documents, in the event of ceasing operations due to business needs or other reasons, we will inform you of such circumstances and simultaneously delete the collected personal information or anonymize it.
6. How we protect your personal information
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App, you can contact us through email or contact form displayed below.
7. How we protect the personal information of minors
This product is intended for use by adults only. If you are a minor, please do not use this product.
8. How we update this policy
8.1 In order to provide you with better services, Our and related services may be updated and changed from time to time. We will timely revise this privacy policy. These revisions constitute a part of this privacy policy and have the same effect as the current privacy policy. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under the currently effective privacy policy.
8.2 After updating this privacy policy, we will release the updated version and notify you of the updated content through the official website or other appropriate means before the updated terms take effect, allowing you to promptly understand the latest version of this privacy policy.
Please carefully read the revised content of this policy. If you do not agree with this policy or have objections to the modifications or updates to this policy, you can choose to stop using Our products and services or deactivate your account. However, your actions and activities before the deactivation of your account or cessation of use are still bound by this policy.
In the case of significant, substantive changes, we will notify you in a reasonable manner based on the specific circumstances.
Significant, substantive changes may include, but are not limited to, the following situations:
(1) Significant changes in our service model, such as the purposes of processing personal information, types of processed personal information, and ways of using personal information;
(2) Significant changes in our control, such as changes in information controllers due to mergers or reorganizations;
(3) Major changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure;
(4) Significant changes in your rights regarding personal information processing and how they are exercised;
(5) Significant changes in the department responsible for personal information security, contact methods, and complaint channels;
(6) Personal information security impact assessment reports indicate a high risk.
9. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this policy while using this product, you can contact us through the product’s feedback channel or other contact information posted on the website.
We will promptly review the issues involved and provide feedback as soon as practicable after of receiving your request. If you are not satisfied with our response and we have no reasonable grounds for refusal to make improvements, you can file a complaint and report to the relevant regulatory authorities.
10. Miscellaneous
The interpretation and resolution of disputes related to this policy shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China. Any disputes related to this policy shall be resolved through amicable negotiation between the parties; if a resolution cannot be reached through negotiation, the dispute shall be submitted to the local people’s court.
If any court with jurisdiction rules or determines that any provision of this policy is invalid, that provision will be removed from this policy, but the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this policy, which will continue to be enforceable.
The headings of this policy are for convenience of reading only and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of any term in this policy.
11. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
support@rizzkey.ai
.