Privacy Policy
As used in this Privacy Policy, "Phantom Apps", "Phantom App", "we", "us" or "our" refers to all websites, mobile sites, applications, and other properties or services owned or operated by Phantom Apps. By accessing and/or using this application, website or any Phantom Apps product or services available, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Phantom Apps strongly believes in keeping your personal information confidential. The following policy describes what information we collect and how it is used and shared.
USER PROVIDED INFORMATION
When you register with us and use our products, you generally provide your name and email address.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
In addition, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our products.
AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION AND ADVERTISING
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how our products are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in our products which helps us make our products experience better.
We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
USER DATA
You agree that in order to provide services to you which you have requested including relevant content and advertising, we may exchange information that we collect from you with third parties who help us perform these tasks and provide these products and services including OpenUDID, Advertising Identifier, Advertising ID, vendor ID for iOS platform, Mac address, IMEI, information about your device systems, application software and peripherals, and the country setting on the device.
CHILDREN
We do not use our products to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact (at) phantomapps.me. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. You understand and acknowledge that the submission of any such information by you via the Internet or posting it on non-public (restricted or private) pages is at our own risk.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Any changes made to our privacy policy will be published on this page, containing the "last updated" date.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our products, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing", means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our products, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at contact (at) phantomapps.me.
(Last updated: March 30, 2018)