Privacy Policy
lllteam builds sensor applications as business applications. The Service is provided by lllteam and is intended to be used as is.
This page is used to inform visitors of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information if anyone decides to use our services.
If you choose to use our services, you consent to the collection and use of information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible on Sensor.
Information collection and use
For a better experience, when using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Record data
We would like to inform you that whenever you use our services, if there is an error in the application, we will collect data and information on your phone (through third-party products) (called log data). This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the application when using our Services, the time and date of your use of the Services, and other statistics.
biscuit
Cookies are files containing a small amount of data, often used as anonymous unique identifiers. This information is sent to your browser from the website you visit and stored in your device’s memory.
The Service does not explicitly use these “cookies”. However, the Application may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve its services. You can choose to accept or reject these cookies and learn when a cookie is sent to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of the Service.
service provider
We may employ third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our services;
Provide services on our behalf;
To perform services related to the Services; or
Help us analyze the use of our services.
We would like to inform users of the Service that these third parties may have access to their personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose this information or use it for any other purpose.
Safety
We value your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we are working to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other websites
The Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that website. Please note that these external websites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We encourage all children not to submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children not to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided us with personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be 16 years or older to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries, we may allow your parent or guardian to do this on your behalf).
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, you are advised to check this page regularly for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy will be effective from January 18, 2024
contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at
bluetools@asmo.fun
.
隐私政策
lllteam 将传感器应用程序构建为商业应用程序。 本服务由 lllteam 提供，旨在按原样使用。
如果有人决定使用我们的服务，本页面用于向访问者告知我们有关收集、使用和披露个人信息的政策。
如果您选择使用我们的服务，则您同意收集和使用与本政策相关的信息。 我们收集的个人信息用于提供和改进服务。 除本隐私政策所述之外，我们不会使用或与任何人共享您的信息。
除非本隐私政策中另有定义，本隐私政策中使用的术语与我们的条款和条件具有相同的含义，这些条款和条件可在 Sensor 上访问。
信息收集和使用
为了获得更好的体验，在使用我们的服务时，我们可能会要求您向我们提供某些个人身份信息。 我们请求的信息将由我们保留并按照本隐私政策中的规定使用。
记录数据
我们想通知您，每当您使用我们的服务时，如果应用程序出现错误，我们会（通过第三方产品）收集您手机上的数据和信息（称为日志数据）。 该日志数据可能包括您的设备互联网协议（“IP”）地址、设备名称、操作系统版本、使用我们的服务时应用程序的配置、您使用服务的时间和日期以及其他统计信息等信息 。
饼干
Cookie 是包含少量数据的文件，通常用作匿名唯一标识符。 这些信息将从您访问的网站发送到您的浏览器，并存储在您设备的内存中。
本服务不明确使用这些“cookie”。 但是，该应用程序可能会使用使用“cookie”的第三方代码和库来收集信息并改进其服务。 您可以选择接受或拒绝这些 cookie，并了解 cookie 何时发送到您的设备。 如果您选择拒绝我们的 cookie，您可能无法使用本服务的某些部分。
服务供应商
由于以下原因，我们可能会雇用第三方公司和个人：
方便我们的服务；
代表我们提供服务；
执行与服务相关的服务； 或者
帮助我们分析我们的服务的使用情况。
我们希望告知本服务的用户，这些第三方可以访问他们的个人信息。 原因是代表我们执行分配给他们的任务。 但是，他们有义务不披露这些信息或将这些信息用于任何其他目的。
安全
我们重视您对向我们提供个人信息的信任，因此我们正在努力使用商业上可接受的方式来保护它。 但请记住，没有任何一种互联网传输方法或电子存储方法是 100% 安全可靠的，我们无法保证其绝对安全。
其他网站的链接
本服务可能包含其他网站的链接。 如果您点击第三方链接，您将被定向到该网站。 请注意，这些外部网站不是由我们运营的。 因此，我们强烈建议您查看这些网站的隐私政策。 我们无法控制任何第三方网站或服务的内容、隐私政策或做法，也不承担任何责任。
儿童隐私
我们不会故意收集儿童的个人身份信息。 我们鼓励所有儿童切勿通过应用程序和/或服务提交任何个人身份信息。 我们鼓励父母和法定监护人监控孩子的互联网使用情况，并指导孩子未经他们的许可不得通过应用程序和/或服务提供个人身份信息，以帮助执行本政策。 如果您有理由相信儿童通过应用程序和/或服务向我们提供了个人身份信息，请与我们联系。 您还必须年满 16 岁才能同意在您所在的国家/地区处理您的个人身份信息（在某些国家/地区，我们可能允许您的父母或监护人代表您这样做）。
本隐私政策的变更
我们可能会不时更新我们的隐私政策。 因此，建议您定期查看此页面是否有任何更改。 我们将通过在此页面上发布新的隐私政策来通知您任何更改。
本政策自2024年1月18日起施行
联系我们
如果您对我们的隐私政策有任何疑问或建议，请随时通过
bluetools@asmo.fun
与我们联系。