Privacy policy
Date of Revision: [ 09/2024 ]
Introduction
Welcome to Midoll (the “APP”). We are committed to protecting and
            respecting your privacy. We take your privacy seriously and we will
            collect, process and use your personal information to provide the
            services only after obtaining your consent.
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. If you
            do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel
            free to Contact Us or as described at the end of this Policy. Please
            note that your use of our APP is also subject to our Terms of
            Service.
Scope; Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect at and
            through the APP. Our APP may also contain links to third party sites
            that are not owned or controlled by us.Please be aware that we are
            not responsible for the privacy practices of such other third party
            sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our APP and to
            read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects
            personal information.
1. Information we collect
1.1 Information we collect falls into one of two categories:
            “voluntarily provided” information and
“automatically collected” information. “Voluntarily provided”
            information refers to any information you knowingly and actively
            provide us when using our APP and its associated services, we will
            ask for your consent when we collecting your information,
            “voluntarily” means you may also choose not to provide such
            information to us, it depends on your own. “Automatically collected”
            information refers to any information automatically sent by your
            device in the course of accessing our APP and its associated
            services, this automatically collected information is necessary for
            us to provide the APP services, and we will collect this information
            to a minimum extent as necessary.
1.2 Information we collect under different functions:
a. When you upload your avatar, photos or save your Creations
            (“Creations”, as defined in clause 1.3d) in your device, we need to
            retrieve the camera, media library/album, memory card modification
            of your hardware devices to collect the photo information that you
            want to upload or save in your device. If you do not allow us to
            retrieve such information, you will not be able to use the above
            services.
b. When you use the creating function, the contents you inputted and
            the according generated content (“User Generated Content”, as
            defined in clause 1.3 d) will be stored in our server for 7 days,
            you can delete the above information at any time. Please note that
            we will no longer store your User Generated Content after 7 days,
            all stored contents will be automatically deleted in our server
            after 7 days.
c. When you use the sharing function, your device will automatically
            detect the presence of third-party software that can be used on your
            device (such as Facebook). After you voluntarily choose the
            third-party software that you want to share with, your information
            will be collected and distributed by that third party software, and
            you should take care to check the privacy policy and terms of that
            third party software.
1.3 Types of Information we collect
a. Log Data
When you access our servers via our APP, we may automatically log
            the standard data provided by your device. It may include your
            device's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your device type and
            version, your activity within the APP, time and date, and other
            details about your usage. Additionally, when you encounter certain
            errors while using the APP, we automatically collect data about the
            error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data
            may include technical details about your device, what you were
            trying to do when the error happened, and other technical
            information relating to the problem. You may or may not receive
            notice of such errors, even in the moment they occur, that they have
            occurred, or what the nature of the error is.
Please be aware that while this information may not be personally
            identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other
            data to personally identify individual persons.
b. Personal Information
We may ask for personal information: When you use APP functions, you
            are required to log in — which may include one or more of the
            following:
Email
The third-party profiles of Apple, Google or Facebook
When you contact us — which may include one or more of the
            following:
Email
Your log data (for debug)
c. User Account
In order to use the APP, you can register your account by using a
            third-party's account, such as Apple, Google,Facebook(each
            “Connected Platform” and collectively, the “Connected Platforms”),
            or you can apply for registration directly from the APP.
(1) The third-party's account. If you register by using a Connected
            Platform's account through a Connected Platform, you have agreed to
            provide us with certain permissions to receive certain data and
            information collected by such Connected Platform, which may be
            different for each of the Connected Platforms. We collect the data
            and information that we need to authenticate your registration with
            the Connected Platform where you are registered, as well as to
            enable you to use the APP safely and securely. Any personal
            information that you share through the Connected Platform will also
            be covered by the Connected Platform's privacy policy. Please note
            that any information you disclose in your public activities, along
            with your screen name or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public,
            and therefore, not protectible as confidential.
(2) Email Address. If you apply for registration directly from the
            APP, we need to collect your email address from the registration
            form, and then send a verification code to your email address in
            order to complete your registration.
d. User Generated Content
We consider “user-generated content” to be materials (text, image or
            video content) voluntarily supplied to us or created by our users
            for re-publishing on other third-party social media channels
            (hereinafter referred to as “User Generated Content” or “Creation”).
            All User-Generated Content is associated with the account or email
            address used to submit the materials.
Please be aware that any content you submit for the purpose of
            publication will be public after posting. Once published, it may be
            accessible to third parties not covered under this privacy policy.
            e. Payment data.
Purchase transactions are done through the Google Play Store and
            Apple App Store, you shall carefully read their payment terms, terms
            of services, private policies and any other related terms. We do NOT
            collect your payment information directly.
f. Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device and internet
            connection, including your device's unique device identifier,
            operating system, browser type, and mobile network information.
2. How We Collect It
When you access and use the APP, we may obtain the collection of
            information with different kinds. Please note, the technologies for
            collection are entirely from the third parties and the technologies
            they use for automatic information collection may include:
a. Cookies (and similar technologies). When you visit our APP we
            send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. A
            cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is
            sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the
            website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your
            browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and
            other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies
            or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website
            features or services may not function properly without cookies.
b. Web Beacons. Pages of the APP may contain small electronic files
            known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags,
            and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users
            who have visited those pages and for other related APP statistics.
3. How We Use Your Information
3.1 We collect information from you for the following purposes:
a. Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it, and for the
            purpose of acquiring services provided by the APP.
b. Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
            contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and
            collection.
c. We may notify you when APP updates are available, and of changes
            to any products or services we offer or provide through it.
d. We may send you information about surveys, sweepstakes,
            promotions, and contests, as well as newsletters or other
            communications.
3.2 The usage and device information we collect helps us to improve
            our services and to deliver a better experience by enabling us to:
a. Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
b. Recognize you when you use the APP.
c. Optimize and upgrade the APP, improve the fluency for APP usage.
If we decide to change the purposes of processing specified above,
            we will inform you of such changes PRIOR to using your personal
            information within the newly set purposes and ask for your separate
            consent if required by the applicable laws.
3.3 Please be aware that no system or network is risk-free even in
            light of all reasonable measures we have taken to protect your
            information. In cases where unforeseeable events take place,
            including without limitation, phishing, viruses, identify theft,
            other cyber-attacks, and server damages due to war or other events
            beyond controls, we will use our best efforts to protect your
            information, but we will take no liabilities for any risks, losses,
            or damages arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of
            said unforeseeable events. After where such unforeseeable events
            start, we will inform you of the basic situation, potential impact,
            and remedial measures we have taken regarding the events, in a
            timely and reasonably accessible manner. If further report
            obligations arise a result of regulatory authorities of applicable
            laws, we will be required to disclose such incident and relevant
            details to authorities as well.
4. Third-Party Information Collection
4.1 When you use the APP, certain third parties may use automatic
            information collection technologies to collect information about you
            or your device. Third parties that we use to collect data regarding
            APP users include:
a. Firebase Crashlytics , which helps track, prioritize, and fix APP
            stability issues.
b. Google, which helps verify your identity and provides social
            login options to access our APP.
c. Apple, which helps verify your identity and provides social login
            options to access our APP.
d. Facebook, which helps verify your identity and provide social
            login options to access our APP.
e. Adjust-SDK, which helps verify advertising promotion and revenue
            statistics.
f. ThinkingAnalytics-SDK, which collects your device information
            (IDFV, AndroidID, operating system, device model, device
            manufacturer, system version, application process information, etc.)
            to statistically analyze the effect of your usage within our APP.
g. AppLovin, which delivers ads in our mobile application and other
            devices and/or platforms. For more information about AppLovin’s
            collection and use of your information visit:
            https://www.applovin.com/privacy/”.
h. Agora Voice SDK，which supports AI call function when you use our
            APP. For more information about Agora’s collection and use of your
            information visit: https://www.agora.io/en/privacy-policy/
These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect
            information about you when using this APP.
4.2 We do NOT control these third parties' tracking technologies or
            how they may be used. Please read their privacy or data policies
            carefully to protect your information and privacy. If you have any
            questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you
            should contact the responsible provider directly.
5. Data Retention and Transfer
5.1 The “Creations” will be stored in our server for only 7 days,
            once exceed 7 days, it will be automatically deleted by us. Contents
            you post, including but not limited to your avatar, nickname,posted
            image,message log, will be stored on a remote server until you
            voluntarily delete them.
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to.
            This time period may depend on what we are using your information
            for, in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you
            have provided us with personal information as part of creating an
            account with us, we may retain this information for the duration
            your account exists on our system. If your personal information is
            no longer required for this purpose, we will delete it or make it
            anonymous by removing all details that identify you.
WE HEREBY WARRANT THAT ALL DATA AND INFORMATION TO BE COLLECTED
            UNDER THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE RETAINED FOR THE SHORTEST TIME
            PERIOD AS NECESSARY TO FULFILL THE PURPOSE FOR WHICH SUCH DATA AND
            INFORMATION IS PROVIDED, IN COMPLIANCE WITH REQUIREMENTS SET OUT IN
            [PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) ORDINANCE].
5.2 The APP is maintained in the Hong Kong Special Administrative
            Region (“HKSAR”), and you understand that data stored in the HKSAR
            may be subject to lawful requests by the local courts or law
            enforcement authorities. Any information you provide via the APP may
            be stored, processed, transferred between, and accessed from the
            HKSAR and other districts or countries, which may not guarantee the
            same level of protection as the one in which you reside. You hereby
            explicitly consent and agree to such transfer, storing and/or
            processing of your information outside the district or country in
            which you reside.
5.3 If you are from the EU, it is important for you to know that the
            transfer of your data to the recipients in these countries is
            secured either by the participation on the basis of standard
            contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and compliant
            with the EU data protection laws. By using our Services, you agree
            to such transfer and processing within the purposes set herein.
6. Disclosure of Your Information
6.1 We may disclose personal information that we collect or you
            provide without restriction under these circumstances:
a. To our subsidiaries and affiliates, where your consent is hereby
            expressly given.
b. To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use
            to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations
            to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the
            purposes for which we disclose it to them.
c. To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger,
            divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other
            sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going
            concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar
            proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our APP
            users is among the assets transferred.
d. To fulfil the purpose for which you provide it.
e. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
            information.
f. With your consent where applicable laws require so.
g. To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including
            to respond to any government or regulatory request.
h. To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
            between you and us.
i. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect
            the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
7. Description of data deletion
In Midoll, users can request the deletion of personal information by
            following the steps below:
a. Log in to your account: You need to log in to your account first.
b. Visit Settings: In the app, find and click the "Settings" option.
c. Find the data deletion option: In the Settings menu, find the
            "Account" option, and find the "Delete Account" option in it.
d. Confirm deletion: You need to confirm your willingness to delete
            the account to prevent misoperation.
e. Submit request: After submitting the request to delete the
            account, the application will start processing. This may include
            deleting user-generated images and account-related data.
f. Pending processing: According to the application's policy, data
            deletion takes some time to complete. The account will be deleted
            within 7 days, and if you log in to the account during this period,
            the account deletion process will be suspended.
g. Subsequent steps: If you have any unfinished transactions or
            subscriptions, please be cautious when deleting your account. Please
            cancel your subscriptions and complete the transactions in time
            before canceling your account. You will not be able to perform this
            operation after deleting your account. If you have any questions,
            please contact us via feedback@midoll.ai.
Please note that before deleting your account, please make sure that
            you have backed up all the data you need to keep, as this data
            cannot be recovered after deleting your account. It is also
            important to know that account deletion is unrecoverable and all
            information and content related to the account will be permanently
            deleted after deletion.