Privacy Policy
Summary
This policy applies only to our Format Output
Operator: Format Output
Format Output takes the protection of personal information very seriously and asks that you read and understand this statement carefully before using Format Output services. By choosing to use it, you acknowledge and accept the current contents of these terms and conditions and their possible updates from time to time.
Please read and understand the Privacy Policy carefully before using our products.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. the collection and use of your personal information
2. how we disclose your personal information
3. how we protect your personal information
4. Your rights
5. Protection of minors
6. Policy Updates and Application
7. Contact Us
1. Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
Format Output - Information We Collect
When you use the App, we may collect information about you, including.
--Your device ID information
--Your local files and albums (Need to get your authorization)
We may use the above information about you in the following ways:
--Loading and providing in-app functionality services
--Updating and upgrading the functionality of the Application
--Enabling us to review, develop and improve our services
2. How we disclose your personal information
With respect to third party services: We will not disclose any of your information and documents to any third party services or persons; we will encrypt your information for transmission and protection;
Your information is encrypted and protected; no one can view or use your personal information and transmissions in any way.
3. How we protect your personal information
● Data encryption: we encrypt your data to ensure the security of your data during transmission.
● Access control: we restrict access to your personal information and only authorize you to personally access your private information and files
● Security audits: We conduct regular security audits and vulnerability scans to ensure that our systems and processes meet the highest security standards and that any potential security risks are identified and addressed in a timely manner.
● Data anonymization: Where applicable, we anonymize your personal information to protect your privacy.
Notwithstanding these measures to protect your Personal Information, please note that network transmissions are not absolutely secure and therefore we cannot fully guarantee the security of your information during transmission or storage. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or information security measures, please feel free to contact us.
4. Your rights
--Personal information and application access
--If you need to delete your usage history, you can contact us and we provide you with information deletion services.
5. Protection of Minors
In accordance with the regulations on the protection of minors, we will strictly protect the personal information of minors. The following is our policy on the protection of minors' information:
● Strict prohibitions: Our applications are strictly prohibited for download and use by minors.
● Restricted Collection: We will only collect personal information from adults to provide specific products or services, and will only use this information in accordance with the law.
● Keeping Information Secure: We take a variety of technical and organizational measures to protect all information about minors from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
● Parental Rights: We respect the rights of parents or legal guardians.
● Educational Awareness: We are committed to raising awareness of cybersecurity and privacy protection among minors and their parents or guardians by providing them with relevant information and educational resources through various means.
6. Policy Updates and Application
● Policy Updates: We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in law, technology and business practices. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to understand our treatment of personal information.
● Application: This Privacy Policy applies to Format Output; it does not apply to the acts or practices of third parties, for which we are not responsible.
7. Contact Us
If you encounter any problems during use, please contact us for feedback.
Contact email: bouncingbubble@protonmail.com