Fun Bytes
Studio
LOADING
Privacy
Policy
Fun Bytes Studio and its affiliates (“Company” or “we”) respect the privacy of its users (“User” or “you”) and are committed to protect the User’s information, be it yours or your children’s. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding
                    the information we may collect and use when you use our Products (as defined on the Terms of Use) and website (the “Service”).
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing
                    us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.
Your consent (important, please read carefully!) By accessing and/or using the Site or the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined
                    below). Please note: if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Service.
Kids Apps Privacy Policy
This Kids Apps Privacy Policy is appointed to provide the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 with guidance regarding our privacy policies that concern collecting, using and disclosing personal information of children under 13.
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and Fun Bytes Studio recognizes those rights.
Fun Bytes Studio does not knowingly and directly collect and store on its servers any personal information from children under the age 13 as that would be a violation of COPPA. Some information may be collected by third party providers of services (advertising
                    networks, etc.) or certain products.
Collection of Information
Non-personal Information: We use third-party services to collect Non-personal and non-identifiable information (“Non-personal Information”). To put it simply, we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which we have collected the Non-personal
                    Information. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information and behavioral information, as detailed below:
Technical information:
We collect information about type of operation system (e.g. Android, Apple etc), Type of Browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.), Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), Language (e.g. English) and Device Vender (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.)
Flash version Behavioral information:
We collect information that how user’s interaction with the service, user’s behavior on the service, the amount of pictures user publishes after using the service and any similar behavioral information.
Personal Information:
We collect personal information that you provide directly to us such as at the time of account creation, managing your profile, marketing communication, using any interactive and engaging feature of our service, promotional survey, communication with
                    our customer support team otherwise communicate with us. Your personal information may include your name, email id, password, postal address, photographs, comments and posts on our forum, messages between different users and any other
                    personal and contact information that you may choose to provide.
Children’s Privacy
(COPPA Complaint): Most of our services are strictly not directed to children under 13 and we don’t direct them to anyone under 13. We abide by the Children’s 
                    Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). If a user gets identified as a child under this prescribed age within the Services, We will not collect, store or use any information of 
                    such user. The Fun Bytes Studio also does not allow third party partners to access personally identifiable data from users under 13. If Fun Bytes Studio received personal information 
                    and discovered that was provided by a child under the age of 13, We will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
How do we collect information on our Users?
Non-personal Information is gathered by third-party services while you access the Service. In other words, analytical third-party services are aware of your usage of the Site and the Service, and may collect the information relating to such usage.
What are the purposes of the collection of information? We collect Non-personal Information for the following purposes:
Enhance the User’s experience on the Service, including the ability to communicate with our Users through an internal notification mechanism incorporated in the Service.
Learn about the preferences of Users and general trends on the Service through the study of aggregated data and statistics.
Direct Marketing & Advertising
We accept advertisements from third party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these
                    advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with which you are interacting
                    before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
Direct Marketing:
You hereby agree that we may send you notifications for the purpose of informing you regarding products and services (offered by the Company and/or by third parties).
Cookies & Local Storage
When you access or use the Service, Company may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” and Flash (or similar technologies), which stores certain information on your computer (“Local Storage”) and which will allow us to enable automatic activation
                    of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, does not include any information about you, other than your session key and are removed
                    as your session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to
                    erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash you should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings
                    of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We also may use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each
                    time you visit the Service, and also when you visit certain websites or applications that uses similar cookies. Third-party cookies usually store only Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of
                    your browsing, etc.
Security
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However,
                    we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
Third Party Software/Service
While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or service, in order to (a) collect and/or process Non-personal information; (b) provide you with advertisements on different products and services; and (c) communicate with you through
                    an internal messaging mechanism incorporated in the Service. Such software may include without limitation, Unity Ads [which privacy policy can be found at:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy]
, Google AdMob [which privacy policy
                    can be found at
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy]
, Chartboost [which privacy policy can be found at
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy]
, Google Analytics[which privacy policy can be found at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/]
and Facebook Ads [which privacy policy can be found at
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy]
.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share Information only in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
(b) to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
(c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
(d) to respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party;
(e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public;
(f) when Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company;
(g) pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company;
(h) to let our partners and affiliates serve you with commercials;
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make
                    reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcomed to send us an email to the following address:
[funbytesstudio@gmail.com]
and we will make an effort
                    to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 1
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy:
admob.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Earn more revenue with your apps.
You work hard on your app. AdMob makes earning revenue easy with in-app ads, actionable insights, and powerful, easy-to-use tools that grow your app business.
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
light-bulb icon
Smarter tech, more revenue
As one of the largest global ad networks, the AdMob Network can fill your ad requests from anywhere in the world. Maximize the value of every impression across all your networks with the most advanced monetization technology.
rising-rate icon
High-performing ad formats
Engage and retain your users with our innovative ad formats. Customize the user experience and earn more revenue by integrating native, rewarded, banner, video, and interstitial ads seamlessly into your app.
bar-graph icon
Actionable analytics
Make smarter decisions to grow mobile app earnings and improve customer experience. AdMob’s robust reporting and measurement features deliver deeper insights into how your users are interacting with your mobile app and ads. Gain even richer insights by directly integrating Google Analytics for Firebase with AdMob.
wrench icon
Automated tools
Streamline your day-to-day mediation tasks with our automated tools. Easy to set up and integrate, our tools offer everything from state-of-the-art brand safety controls to advanced monetization technology with mediation and bidding.
Learn more
Get higher revenue for impressions with bidding
Bidding allows your ad sources to bid on each impression in real time. Since all participating networks compete at the same priority, the winner of any impression is the highest-paying bid.
Learn about AdMob bidding
Drive revenue
See how much you could earn from AdMob
To view your potential earnings, select a region and category for your app’s users.
Select a region
Asia and Pacific Countries
Europe, Middle East and Africa
North America
South America
Select a device
Android
iOS
Select a category
Autos & Vehicles
Books & Reference
Business
Communication
Education
Entertainment
Finance
Fitness & Wellness
Food & Drink
Games
Home & Garden
Law & Government
Lifestyle
Medical
Music & Audio
News & Magazines
Personalization
Photo & Video
Productivity
Real Estate
Science
Shopping
Social
Sports & Recreation
Tools
Transportation
Travel
Calculate
Your app users location and content category is set as
Try a different content category
Monthly Active Users
50,000
Your potential annual revenue
This is an estimate and should be only used as a reference.
$
2
,
5
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
*
There's no guarantee or commitment that you'll earn this amount. Estimates are based on the content category and region and OS you selected. Actual revenue is dependent on many factors such as advertiser demand, user location, user device, content vertical, seasonality, ad size, currency exchange rates, country and specific operating system regulations. Also, due to COVID-19 the effective expected revenue could be less than the one displayed.
Are you a game developer?
Check out AdMob for Games.
earth icon
Everywhere
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
size icon
Every size
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
category icon
Every category
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
81%
of the Android top 1000 use AdMob.
97%
of AdAge 100 world's largest advertisers buy ads on AdMob.
1 million +
apps use AdMob.
1 million +
Google advertisers are on AdMob.
AdMob is able to provide advertiser demand in more than 200 countries for us. We have seen really competitive, consistently high CPMs from AdMob across a variety of formats — from text interstitials to rich media and video.
Mike Evans
,
VP, Digital Marketing
,
SEGA Networks
Getting Started is easy.
Sign up for AdMob and get more from your app today.
Sign up
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
Guide
Rewarded ads: a win for users, developers, and advertisers
Guide
How developers can maximize app revenue with AdMob mediation
Guide
Mobile ads: the key to monetizing gaming apps
1
See more
Sub-policy 2
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy:
We’ve rewritten and re-arranged our Privacy Policy to be more clear about our data practices and how these may vary depending on who the data subject is - i.e. a website visitor, a customer or an end-user of mobile applications. We believe these changes make it easier to understand how we collect, use and share these information. We also updated the Privacy Policy to take into account recent regulatory changes in the US. While the text looks different, these updates don’t allow Chartboost to collect, use or share your data in new ways. Please review our new Privacy Policy
here
and reach out to us at
privacy@chartboost.com
if you have any questions.
Monetization
Maximize revenue by serving ads in your apps with targeted locations.
Get Started
Explore API
Android SDK
Latest Release
v9.8.3
Integration Guide
↗ Demo App
iOS SDK
Latest Release
v9.8.1
Integration Guide
↗ Demo App
Unity SDK
*
Use the Mediation Unity SDK
Mediation
Gain revenue through network bidding and waterfalls.
Get Started
Explore API
Android SDK
Latest Release
v5.2.0
Integration Guide
↗ Demo App
↗ Open Source
iOS SDK
Latest Release
v5.2.0
Integration Guide
↗ Demo App
↗ Open Source
Unity SDK
Latest Release
v5.2.0
Integration Guide
↗ Demo App
↗ Open Source
Advertising
Acquire new customers by configuring your campaigns and creatives.
Get Started
Explore API
Partners
Reach your audience by connecting to our exchange.
Get Started
Explore API
© 2025 Chartboost, LLC.
Chartboost.com
Legal
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 3
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms