Playgendary Limited Privacy Policy Apple Arcade
This page is an integral part of
our privacy policy
and describes the privacy practices specific to titles owned or controlled by us that are available on Apple Arcade. These include: Tomb of the Mask+ (“Arcade Games”).
Information We Collect
Arcade Games collect limited information about you. This covers all data that is sent off of your device, in particular data related to your game progress and achievements.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for the purpose of saving users’ game progress after Arcade Games restart.
Sharing the Information We Collect with Third Parties
We do not share and/or disclose the information we collect with third parties, other than Apple. Please note that Apple may access the information we collect for the purposes described in the Apple Arcade privacy statement available on:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-arcade/
Retention and Deletion of the Information We Collect
We do not retain the information we collect. This information is stored on iCloud and/or Game Center (services operated by Apple) and, where required, may be accessed, deleted or processed otherwise by you and Apple, always subject to your legal relations with Apple.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about
our privacy policy
, please contact us through one of the following ways:
for privacy questions and exercising your rights via our privacy email: privacy@newplg.dev;
If you have a concern or compliance regarding our treatment of your personal data you can contact the relevant data protection authority. You can find contact details of data protection authority at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
. For more information on which authority to contact, please email us here privacy@newplg.dev.
For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is Playgendary Limited, a company under laws of Cyprus, registered at 94, Amathoundos Avenue, Alexander Diamant, Agios Tychonas, 4532 Limassol, Cyprus.