Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
29 Jan  2024
At
GamblingBlock
, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
GamblingBlock
, and its owners ('GamblingBlock','we','us','our'), has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. Our mobile application (the 'App') hosts an online community where users can access resources, set goals, log daily activities, and track long-term progress.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our Terms of Service.
AGREEMENT:
Before using the Service or submitting any Personal Data to GamblingBlock, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions. By using the Service, you expressly consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site or otherwise use the Service.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you ('Personal Data') as follows:
Personal Data You Provide:
We collect the following categories of Personal Data from you when you create an account, sign up for our newsletter, use the Service, or communicate with us:
Identification Data: We collect your name, email address, and unique identifiers assigned by third-party platforms (such as analytics or communication tools). If you sign up using credentials from a third-party account such as Apple, we may collect your name and email address from the applicable third party.
Daily log Data: We collect information you log in, relating to your daily habits.
Communication Data: We may collect information when you contact us with questions or concerns and when you voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys, or requests for market research seeking your opinion and feedback. Providing this information is optional to you.
Social Media Data: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Medium, Twitter, and LinkedIn (“Social Media Pages”). When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we will collect Personal Data that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details. In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages.
Cookies:
We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A 'cookie' is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies).
For more details on cookies please visit
All About Cookies
.
On most web browsers, you will find a 'help' section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site, and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
Analytics:
We utilize Amplitude, a third-party analytics service, to track and analyze user interactions within our app. Amplitude collects various data points, including but not limited to app usage patterns, device information, and anonymized IP addresses. This information helps us understand user behavior, evaluate app performance, and make data-driven improvements to our services. Amplitude's data practices are governed by its own Privacy Policy.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
Aggregated Information:
We may aggregate Personal Data and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Service, to improve and add features to our Service, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Service and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners. We may collect aggregated information through the Service, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
Marketing:
We may use your Personal Data (excluding Health Data) to contact you to tell you about products or services we believe may be of interest to you. For instance, if you elect to provide your email, we may use that information to send you special offers. You may opt out of receiving emails by following the instructions contained in each promotional email we send you. You can also control the marketing emails and/or push messages you receive by updating your settings through your account. In addition, if at any time you do not wish to receive future marketing communications, you may contact us. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, you will no longer receive marketing communications but we will continue to contact you regarding management of your account, other administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
GamblingBlock does not engage in the sale of your Personal Data. In certain situations, we may share the aforementioned categories of Personal Data with specific categories of third parties without further notice, except as required by law. These categories include:
Vendors and Service Providers:
We may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers to fulfill business operations needs and carry out specific services and functions. These parties may include providers of cloud hosting/computing services, database providers, email delivery and in-app/push messaging services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, content monitoring services, and web, subscription, and app analytics services. These service providers access, process, or store Personal Data as instructed by us. We take reasonable steps to ensure that our service providers adhere to our security standards for your Personal Data.
Business Transfers:
In the event of a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider ("Transaction"), your Personal Data and other information may be shared with counterparties and parties assisting with the Transaction during the diligence process. They may also be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction, along with other assets.
Legal Requirements:
We may disclose Personal Data if required by law or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Service users or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Other Users:
Certain user profile information, such as your name, location, and any uploaded video or image content, may be displayed to other users to facilitate interaction within the Service or address your Service requests. Your account privacy settings allow you to control the visibility of Personal Data in your user profile and determine what information is visible to others. Please note that any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any voluntarily disclosed Personal Data or content visible to others (such as on discussion boards, blogs, messages, and chat areas), becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by anyone. Additionally, your username may be displayed to other users.
SECURITY
We implement appropriate security measures to protect the information collected through our app. However, please note that no method of data transmission or storage is completely secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CHILDREN S PRIVACY
Our app is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that personal information of a child under 13 has been collected, we will take steps to delete it.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at
moxyzstudio@gmail.com
.
By using our app, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, including our use of Amplitude for user tracking.