Privacy Policy
Data collection and use
Personal Information
- We do not obtain any personally identifiable information about you. "Personal Information" refers to information that may be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photographs, and so on.
Automatically collected data
- We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps as well as aggregated statistics on App usage. Non-Personal Information" refers to information that is anonymous in nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, your mobile device's IP address, and your mobile operating system.
- We may gather information about your subscription orders via an API provided by Apple Store, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, and payment time. We do not collect payment information and are not responsible for its collection or security. Third-party firms handle and store payment information (such as Apple). These businesses can be reached via their websites: https://www.apple.com. We recommend that you read and become acquainted with the privacy policies of these third-party firms before entering your personal payment information.
Location permission
- We do not request, collect, or access your location information.
Face Data
- Our app does not store, share, or use facial data for any commercial purposes. The data is only used for real-time facial recognition and is not stored on our servers.
Location Permission
The primary use of this app is to track the distance traveled and calories expended when running. It will also map your run path on Google Maps. This app also counts your steps when you go for a walk and keeps track of your regular water consumption. In addition, this app has a reminder feature for drinking water and going for a run.
When a user goes for a run, our app allows them to plan their path on Google Maps. When you start jogging, the app tracks your distance, time, speed, and calories burned until you stop. Simultaneously, the program plots the path you've taken on maps. As a result, it requires access to a person's current location in order to map his jogging path on Google Maps. As a result, this app will track your location in the background.
Log Data
We want to let you know that whenever you use our service, in the case of an app mistake, we gather data and information on your phone called "Log Data" (through third-party products). This Log Data may comprise data such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, app configuration while using our service, time and date of service use, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are little data files that are frequently utilized as an anonymous unique identifiers. These are transmitted to your browser from the website you're visiting and kept in the internal memory of your device.

These "cookies" are not specifically used by this Service. Third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and enhance their services may be used by the app. You may choose to accept or reject these cookies, and you'll be notified when one is sent to your device. You may not be able to use some parts of our Service if you refuse our cookies.
Third-Party Apps
There are several locations on our services where you can click on a link to go to other websites or applications that are not run by us. If you click on an advertisement on our services, for example, you may be sent to a website or app that is not within our control. These third-party websites or apps may independently request and collect information from you, including personal information, and may supply us with information about your activity on such websites or applications in some cases. We are not responsible for the information included on and/or made available by third-party websites or applications, their policies, or your use or inability to use them. You expressly release us from any and all liabilities related to your use of third-party websites or apps. We advise you to read the privacy policies of any third-party websites or apps you access.
Security
Our app takes reasonable precautions to secure your data against unauthorized access, as well as loss, misuse, and alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith attempts to store information gathered on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not accessible to the public, we cannot guarantee the information's total security during transmission or storage on our systems. Furthermore, while we make every effort to maintain the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from gaining unauthorized access to this data. We do not guarantee or imply that your Account or any of Your Information will be safe against third-party theft, abuse, or alteration.
Personal Privacy
Unless otherwise mentioned in the application, we do not collect or maintain any personal information that may be used to identify you (the end-user) (for example, an email address used for account registration). No personal information about the user will be shared or sold to third parties. We have no interest in collecting or housing user data or personal information.
In-App Purchases
In-app purchases are made through your user account and may require you to provide payment information to complete the transaction.
You agree to be responsible for all in-app purchases made through your user account, even if the purchase was made by someone else using your account without your consent.
All in-app purchases are final and non-refundable, except as required by applicable law.
Auto-Renewing Subscriptions
Subscribed users have access to all premium features without any ads.
Non-subscribed users can continue to use the app with advertisements and limited features.
Your subscription will automatically renew unless you cancel the auto-renewal at least 24 hours before the end of the current billing cycle (on the App Store).
Your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription period. Once the payment is processed, you will be eligible for our subscription service for the relevant subscription period.
You can cancel your subscription at any time through your Apple account.
If you cancel your subscription, your access to additional features and benefits will cease at the end of the current billing cycle.
Children's Privacy
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the Service. We do not intentionally collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Please do not try to register for an Account on the Service or provide any personal information to the Our Apps if you are under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has supplied us with personal information, we will remove it from our records.
Payment information
Our e-commerce provider (Apple) is responsible for billing, processing, and charging for the in-app purchases as well as handling and safeguarding your personal information. Your credit or debit card information will not be accessed or used by us. The appropriate "in-app" purchase regulations and conditions are available directly from the app store.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our app may change or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our company and practices, as well as changes in relevant legislation, and you should check this page frequently. When we make any changes, we will update the latest edited date at the bottom of this page. Furthermore, if we make a significant modification to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the change as well as update the latest amended date below. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of modifications to this Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of such changes.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email at
nguyenquyson@icloud.com