Heart Rater - Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for
HEART RATER: Heart Rate Monitor.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this mobile application. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the mobile application, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this mobile application. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We may process the following information about you when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services. What data may be processed:
Personal details related to your use of the App
(gender, age, weight records, height, heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen saturation readings, physical activity level, lifestyle choices, other similar information you log using the App which you may fill in and record when you choose tracking physical parameters for your convenience. All
Personal details related to your use of the App
are stored locally on your device and cannot be not transferred to our server. This information is never shared with third parties, unless you share it by yourself. You can remove or alter it at any time. It will be fully erased from your device if you choose to uninstall the App and/or delete your App account.
Camera permission.
After you grant us the relevant permission (via the camera access alert or via the Settings app on your device), we may have technical access to your Camera that is required to measure your heart rate. You can review and/or withdraw your camera permission given to the App at any time via the Setting app on your device. In any event note we cannot collect, store or use the data contained in your camera roll.
Your heart rate measurement made using the App may estimate a variety of metrics. If you choose to save your measurement, this information will be stored locally on your device. The App also will save the timestamp of the measurement in order to help you keep a record. You can always decline to save a measurement, or delete a previously saved measurement. Additionally, the App may allow you to add notes when you choose a tag for your heart rate measurement. Please mind that this section is designed for accumulating data relating to your experience when you use the App. Do not enter any personally identifiable information in the field “Notes”.
App functionality may also allow you to take tests that may concern your health conditions. Note that we neither store nor share your test answers/test results with third parties.
Contact Information
(name, e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the email) which you may fill in by yourself when you contact us via email, support form. We collect, store and process it by our cloud storage provider (Amazon.com, Inc.). We use such information to respond effectively to your inquiry, fulfill your requests, send you communications that you request and perform the requested services.
Information about subscriptions and registration data.
If you have purchased a subscription on App’s web page, you may be required to register within the App by choosing the option “Sign in with Apple”. This is necessary in order to enable you to activate your subscription. If you use “Sign in with Apple” option for subscription activation, the information about your email address associated with your Apple ID, date of registration, as well as your subscriptions details (inter alia, subscription title(s), start date, its duration, etc.) are collected, stored and processed. Note that even if you choose to delete your account within the App and/or uninstall the App, the information about your email that you previously used to register within the App as well as your subscriptions details will continue to be stored for a period of time necessary for the proper provision of services to you and for compliance with our legal obligations. In particular, the retention of your email address and subscription details may be required in order to ensure that the subscription/premium options associated with your account will continuously be functional and valid during the whole applicable intended period (even if during the applicable intended period of subscription/premium options you choose to delete your account within the App and then register within the App again using the same Apple ID).
Payment details.
You may be required to enter your email address and other information related to payment if you choose to purchase the subscription via App’s web page. Additionally, if you have purchased the subscription on App’s web page and you want to cancel it following the relevant instructions specified in the Subscription Terms available on such App’s web page, we may request you to indicate one of the following:
your email address registered when you purchased the subscription,
receipt number identifying the payment,
unique number identifying the invoice.
Your Access to and Control Over Information.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website: See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the mobile application, your information is protected both online and offline.
By accessing the application
HEART RATER: Heart Rate Monitor.
, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this application. The materials contained in application are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at "egvolul@gmail.com".