PRIVACY POLICY
Updated on: October 12st 2018
Welcome to WEEGOON. Your privacy is important to us.
WEEGOON
("WGO", "us", "our" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including www.weegoon.vn, www.weegoon.com, www.weegoon.com.vn
and www.weegoon.net (the "Sites") or any WGO game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the "Service(s)"). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by
WEEGOON
through your use of the Service.
WEEGOON
is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your information and data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us with the information provided in the Contact Information of Data Controller section of this Policy.
Information and Data We Collect from You
We may collect the following information and data from you:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Username and password for our community forum
Profile information that you volunteer (such as profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to profiles on other social networking websites)
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device's operating system, browser type and language)
Mobile device identifiers (such as your unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent, hardware type, medial access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), and your device name
General location information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application
Precise-geo-location information from your mobile device (but only with your express consent)
Game data (such as your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files, your player ID)
Employment information (resume, name, email address, phone number)
Personal identification information
When you install our games and apps, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, Users should avoid using social network features such as Sharing and Friend invite requests.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes —but is not limited to— device type, brand and model, Android OS version, unique device identifiers, location and country.
Personal Information
Personal information collected in accordance with our Services may vary depending on the activity and may include: social networking basic profile information (Apps have a basic connection to a user's Facebook account to ask for permission to post on the user's behalf or to read other fields from the user's timeline or their friends' timelines), Request read permissions (to fill the stream with photos, the user must grant the app two "read permissions" that let the app read the user's photos and their friends' photos), Request publish permissions (the user must grant the app a "publish permission" to share photos).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the Services through a social network, or mobile device, Users are authorizing
WEEGOON
to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network, mobile device platform could provide to
WEEGOON
through the social network/mobile device. Their agreement takes place when they connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) Services to access your information through a social network, OR mobile device or other third party platform or service.
WEEGOON
may also collect or receive information about you from other Services Users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by
WEEGOON
Game and used primarily to help Users and their friends connect.
Information Usage
WEEGOON
Game may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information Users provide helps us respond to comments, support needs, and customer service requests more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Services. In addition, the personal information Users provide will allow
WEEGOON
Game to send them messages regarding, among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and other events of their interest. Users may also later opt out of these communications by sending us an email or simply just by uninstalling our Services.
Permissions that may use sensitive information
The following is a detailed list of permissions —and the way in which we implement them— that we use and that may use sensitive information:
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE and READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
We use these permissions in some games or apps to save captured images of the game on the SD and read them to provide sharing options to the user. We also may use the read permission in some games to improve users experience and let them import images from their devices for change the characters skins.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. The sole exception to this is personal information that is required by law enforcement authorities or similar organizations in case of a criminal investigation, prevention of fraud or criminal activities, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other illegal activities that may expose users or
WEEGOON
Game to legal liability.
Social
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button, Facebook Like button, among others), that can be used to share information and actions Users make while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players, like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of the previous services and tools is a free choice of each user. It's not necessary to use our Services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements in our Services, provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, Users account information (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information about you on our Services, other online services, like IP addresses, identifiers of your mobile device, conversion information, browsers usage and pages you have visited. This information may be used to deliver advertising and content according the Users interests, better understand of the Services usage from the Users and analyzing and tracking data. These third party companies may also share this information with their customers and clients. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
Acceptance of the terms
By using
WEEGOON
games and Apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not use our games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Contacting us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact
WEEGOON
Game at: weegoonstudio@gmail.com