Manage Cookies
We value your privacy and want to be transparent about the data we collect and how it's used. This website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experence, personalize content and ads, provide social media features,and analyze our traffic.Please note that not consenting or withdrawing your consent may negatively affect some features or functions of our website
Essential
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility,as well as enhanced functionality and personalization.
Analytical
These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our website by  collecting and reporting information anonymously. This helps us improve our  website's performance and user experience.
Advertising
These cookies may be set by our advertising partners through our website.They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other websites.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
Privacy Policy
EPROLO
Products
POD
Integrations
Shopify
TikTok
WooCommerce
AliExpress
Amazon
eBay
Etsy
Shoplazza
SHOPLINE
EPROLO API
Services
Branding
Warehousing & Fulfillment
Amazon FBM Fulfillment
Amazon FBA Fulfillment
Crowdfunding Fulfillment
TikTok Fulfillment
Affiliate
Blog
Academy
Login
Register
Help Center
Advice and answers from the EPROLO team
Privacy Policy
by
Echo
|
Dec 30, 2022
EPROLO App (collectively, “we,” “us” or “our”) provides product sourcing, dropshipping, order fulfillment, brand building, inventory management, and other services to merchants.
This Privacy Policy describes how personal information is collected, used, and shared when you install or use the App in connection with your store.
Personal Information We Collect
When you install/use EPROLO App, we are automatically able to access certain types of information from your account, including:
(1) Identification information, such as your name, address, and phone numbers.
(2) Payment information.
(3) Your location information.
(4) Name, addresses, and phone numbers listed in your Addresses.
(5) Device log files and configurations.
We collect personal information directly from the relevant individual, through your account, or using the following technologies:
(1) “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
(2) “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
(3) “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the personal information we collect from you and your customers in order to provide the Service and to operate the App. Additionally, we use this personal information to: Communicate with you; and Optimize or improve the App.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We will share information with our service provider or a specific partner involved in EPROLO’s operation that will guarantee the confidentiality of user information. We may also publish user information with the legal requirements to enforce our User Agreement and protect the rights and property of EPROLO, our users, or others.
Your Rights
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You have the right to access, correct or delete the personal data we collect.
You also have the right to restrict or at any time to further processing of your personal data. You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured and standard format.
To protect the privacy and security of your personal data, we may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal data we maintain.
There are cases where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal data we hold.
You can contact us to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request within a reasonable time and in any case in less than 30 days.
Data Confidentiality
According to the Amazon/Shopify/Woolcommerce/eBay/Etsy/Shoplazza/Shopline Marketplace developer agreement, we will not use API and sensitive data such as personal and order data (PII data) for purposes other than transportation and tax purposes. We use AES256 to encrypt Amazon data, and within 30 days after the order is shipped, the system will delete PII data every day.
We will inform Amazon (3p-security@amazon.com) within 30 days of any organizational changes or events that change your organization’s need for or use of Information.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
support@eprolo.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
5th Floor, Building B, NO. 140, Zhongxing Road, Longgang District,Shenzhen, China