The Spelling Bee App
Privacy policy.
Effective date: June 10, 2023
AH Apps LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Spelling Bee App mobile applications (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Definitions
·
Service
Service is the Spelling Bee App mobile applications operated by AH Apps LLC.
·
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
·
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Information Collection and Use
None
Types of Data Collected:
None
Personal Data
We
don’t request nor collect any personal data.
Usage Data
The only data available to us is the usage data provided by Apple if you have “opted in” , and purchase data. That type of data includes the usage of the application and any crashes that may have occurred. None of that data is associated with personal data.
We
don’t request nor collect any usage data beyond the crash reports sent through the App Store for users that “opt-in”, and purchase data.
Use of Data
We use the collected usage data (crash reports) to detect, prevent and address technical issues.
The data on crash reports is not linked to the user in any way.
We use the collected purchase data to account for subscriptions.
Disclosure Of Data
We do not hold any data of value to other parties, with the exception of purchase data collected by RevenueCat. We may disclose the Data we do have in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
·       To comply with a legal obligation
·       To protect and defend the rights or property of AH Apps LLC
·       To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
·       To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
·       To protect against legal liability.
But we have none of your data, so we would have noting to disclose.
As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You can learn more about these guides in the
GDPR Guide
.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.