Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy
The provisions of this Privacy Policy, where our games collects and uses any information that you (the user) provides any information with any  games or application (the "Service"). This Privacy Policy applies to all services provided by games. By using our services, users agree to collect and use your personal information in this Privacy Policy. games can be modified by changing the privacy policy from time to time; therefore, we encourage users to frequently consult the privacy policy.
Personal identity information:
When you install our games and apps, we will collect and record information to improve the experience and benefit of using our services. We will collect the personal information of the user's public, only when they voluntarily through our services to make such information to us. Users may refuse to provide personal information at any time. In these cases, the user should avoid using social networking features such as sharing and friend invitation requests.
Non-personally identifiable information:
We may collect information about the user's non-personally identifiable information when they are concerned about our services. The information includes but is not limited to: device type, brand and model, Android operating system version, unique device identifier, location, and country.
Share your personal information:
We will not sell, trade or rent the user personally identifiable information to others. The only exception is that the law enforcement agency or similar organization needs to be in criminal investigation circumstances, may expose the user or games legal personal information to prevent fraud or criminal activity, infringement of intellectual property or other illegal activities.
Analysis, advertising and other services provided by other companies:
We may allow other third party companies to serve ads in our services, providing users with experience analysis services or other services. These companies may use cookies, website beacons, user account information (user settings with these companies) and other technologies to collect our services to your personal information, other online services such as IP addresses, your mobile devices, convert information The identifier, the browser's usage, and the page are already accessible. This information can be used to provide advertising and content based on the user & apos interest, better understanding of the use of services from users and the ability to analyze and track data. These third-party companies can also share information with their customers and customers. This Privacy Policy does not apply and we are not responsible for third party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking techniques.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us at issetgame.contact@gmail.com.