PRIVACY POLICY
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy for Spiral Force: Monster Clash
Effective Date: 02/02/2024
This Privacy Policy describes how our company ("we", "us", or "our") collects, uses, and discloses your information through Spiral Force: Monster Clash (the "Game").
Information Collection and Use
We collect information you provide directly to us when you use our Game, such as when you create an account, participate in any interactive features, or communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your username, email address, and any other information you choose to provide.
Additionally, we automatically collect certain information when you access or use our Game, including:
Gameplay data and preferences
Device information (such as model and operating system)
Usage data (such as game progress and interactions)
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not share or disclose your information to third parties except in the following circumstances:
With your consent or at your direction.
With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process.
Advertising and Analytics
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Game and other websites and applications, including your IP address, device, and usage information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver advertising targeted to your interests.
Your Choices
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account or emailing us. However, note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Children's Privacy
Our Game is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments