Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy describes how personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This Privacy Policy is applicable to any data we collect about you or that you voluntarily provide to us through these platforms or other connected tools (for example e-mails sent to our Team). This Policy is provided pursuant to the EU Regulation on data protection (General Data Protection Regulation, hereinafter “GDPR”). By accessing using our app, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Policy. If you do not accept the provisions set forth herein, we invite you not to use our application.
Permission we take :-
♣ Get Acoount we take your email for saving data on our database which will not be shared with anyone.
♣ Contacts Permission to enable contact search within app, we do not take your contacts in any manaer.
♣ Storage Permission to save and retrieve wallpaper customize.
♣ Accessibility Permission API Requirement - Enable Accessibility services to perform globalaction like going back and open notificationstaking screenshot or double tap to lockscreeen.
Please be assured that Application will not collect any personal information.
1. What Information we collect
The main purpose of collecting information is to provide you with a smart, smooth, efficient and awesome user experience and to provide you with Services and features that better meet your needs or requests. We may collect information about your personal and non-personal information as follows :-
1.1 Personal Information You Provide to App to functional use :-
♦ All personal data will be stored locally in your device & will be deleted when you uninstall application, We do not collect or store to our end.
♦ Perform analysis to improve the application.
♦ Share aggregate statistics with the public.
1.2 Non-Personal Information Collected Automatically :-
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Applications.
1.3 How we use your information :-
We do NOT use your Personal Information for any profitable purpose. All your Personal information we collected is used for app functionality purpose only, such as to provide you with Launcher services, to notify you of products information and more. We do NOT rent or sell your Personal information to third parties outside without your consent.
2. This app needs a few permissions to work, here's why we need them :-
2.1 Read phone status and identity
♣ We may read the unique device ID and encrypt irreversibly while will not collect user personal identity information.
2.2 Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
♣ Used to search messages in phone. No relative information will be collected.
2.3 Take pictures and videos
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings and tool bar to turn on/off flashlight.
2.4 We may get your approximate location (network-based)
♣ Used in Weather function to provide weather information service.
2.5 We may read your contacts
♣ Only used in contact search as you required. No relative contact information will be collected.
2.6 Read calendar events and relative information
♣ Only used in Launcher theme to display recent calendar events. No relative calendar information will be collected.
2.7 Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
♣ This permission allows users to delete theme wallpapers stored in SD card.
2.8 Read the contents of your USB storage
♣ This permission allows users to view Launcher theme wallpapers stored in SD card.
2.9 Set an alarm
♣ By tapping the clock widget, allow user to enter Alarm settings.
2.10 Find accounts on the device
♣ This permission allows Launcher theme to check if users have logged in Google Play and provide relative app installation service.
2.11 Read Google service configuration
♣ This permission allows Launcher theme to read ad ID and provide ad recommendation service.
2.12 Change cellular data status
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings and tool bar to turn on/off cellular data.
2.13 Change Wi-Fi connection status
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings and tool bar to turn on/off Wi-Fi connection.
2.14 Full network access
♣ This permission accesses Launcher theme to network for achieving relative services, e.g. providing version update notification, sorting configuration of smart folder, news, etc. Data consumption may be needed.
2.15 Check network connections
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings and tool bar to check network connection status.
2.16 Check Wi-Fi connections
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings and tool bar to turn on/off Wi-Fi connection.
2.17 Access Bluetooth settings
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings to turn on/off Bluetooth.
2.18 Close other apps
♣ his permission allows Launcher theme to close apps running in background with Launcher theme Booster.
2.19 Draw over other apps
♣ This permission allows Free Swipe to display windows over other apps.
2.20 Control vibration
♣ Used in Launcher theme Settings so device can vibrate for once as notification when startup.
2.21 Set wallpaper
♣ This permission allows users to choose and set wallpapers and Linked wallpapers.
2.22 Read Home settings and shortcuts
♣ Used to read settings and shortcuts of precious home launcher for better adaptability.
2.23 Uninstall shortcuts
♣ This permission allows user to delete Launcher theme shortcuts created on other launchers.
2.24 Read call log
♣ This permission allows Launcher theme read call log to notify missed calls and recommend contacts. No relative information will be collected.
2.25 GPS and network-based
♣ This permission allows Launcher theme to use location service to provide weather information for users. This may consume more battery.
2.26 Reroute outgoing calls
♣ This permission allows user to read and call back missed calls.
2.27 Apply for notification access
♣ Used in Launcher theme to clear useless notifications chosen by users.
2.28 Accessibility
♣ This permission allows Launcher theme to close apps chosen by users with accessibility. This permission is only used to speed up device and no other personal information will be collected.
2.29 Apply for GCM service
♣ Used in Linked Wallpaper to send initiation via GCM service.
♣ Used in Daily News release.
2.30 View or change system settings
♣ This permission allows Launcher theme Settings to view and change settings of ringtone, vibration, screen rotate, and brightness.
3. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
4. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
5. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within Launcher and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner.
6. Third Party Informations
Use Facebook Audience Network , Google Admob, Google Firebase, Google Analytics, Facebook Analytics ,ironsource, Unity for App Monetisation and App Analytics. These tools are provided by Facebook and Google.We don’t take any guarantee or any sort of legal responsibilities on their part for any stolen data or theft of data during the launcher usage.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me. Our E-mail address at drworld2024@gmail.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it