Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for our app. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Email
We use your email to reply you in case you contact us for app support. We will never send you marketing materials.
App Information
We collect information on your installed application version and operating system to help you shoot the bugs.
Usage and Analytics
We collect usage information and analytics to better customize your app experience and provide better service to our customers.
We will never sell or share your information
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about the changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or contact form given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect the information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. We value your trust in providing us your Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instruction in the marketing material you receive or by contacting us.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of the Services by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. Under certain circumstances (for example, if we would like to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time of collection), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as by sending you an email.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it