Pannous
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Pannous. To address any concerns you may have, we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that explains how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal information. Please take some time to learn about our privacy practices and please let us know if you have any questions.
Last modified: September 22, 2013
There are numerous ways that you can use our services and products – to search for and share information, to schedule calendar events, to communicate with other people or to create new content, just to name a few. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Pannous Account, we can make our services even better –
            to show you more relevant content, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy covers:
The information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
The choices available to you, including how to access, update and delete information.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide enhanced services to all of our users – from learning basic stuff such as your location, to more complex things like things that you may find interesting to the people that matter most to you online.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us.
For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Pannous Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, or telephone number. When you provide a third-party email account such as a gmail account, we may sync the contacts from the email account you provided to use with Pannous.  This information on our servers –
we do not share your personal information with any third party.
Information we get from your use of our services.
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you visit a website, play a song, or write a text message. This information includes:
Phone information
We may collect device-specific information (such as your phone model, operating system type and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including your phone number). Pannous may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Pannous Account.
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Pannous, we may automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs. This may include:
details of how you used our service, such as your voice commands and results.
telephony log information like your phone number, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls.
Internet protocol address.
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Location information
When you use a location-enabled Pannous service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.  This information may be used to provide you with more relevant content based on where you are located, as well as for analytic purposes.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Pannous when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Pannous service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Pannous features that may appear on other sites.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to improve our existing services and develop new ones, and to protect Pannous and our users. We also use this information to understand your intent when you utter voice commands, such as when you use a voice command to call a contact.
We may combine information you give us from third-party services to improve your interaction with Pannous services. For example, if you provide a gmail account to sign up for a Pannous service or use our social networking services, we may use information from these accounts, such as your name and the contacts associated with this account to offer a better experience with our services. Specifically, we may sync your contacts from the email account you provide to our services so that you may perform voice commands in relation to these contacts, for example, emailing, calling and text messaging.
We do not provide any information that may identify a particular individual to third-parties.
When you contact Pannous, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Pannous processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
Transparency and choice
We understand that our users have various privacy concerns and comfort levels with certain practice. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can
Control who you share information with.
Control the information you share with us.
Take information out of some of our services.
Disable your account or uninstall our applications.
Information you share
Many of our services let you share information with others. When you share information using Pannous, it may be stored by Pannous. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it –
            unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Pannous unless one of the following circumstances apply:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Pannous when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Pannous if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Pannous, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners –
                like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If Pannous is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We work hard to protect Pannous and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
We encrypt all of our services using SSL.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to Pannous employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Application
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Pannous Inc. and its affiliates, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in our search results or within any of our applications, sites that may include Pannous services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who may advertise our services or share access to our services.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.