Privacy Policy
Privacy & Disclaimer
This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies of Possible with respect to nonpublic information you
            provide to us through this web site (the “Site”). These policies may be changed at any time, in which case the
            revised Privacy Policy will apply to information collected after the date the Privacy Policy is posted. By accessing
            the Site, you agree that you have read and understand the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Mindlabs Systems , a design agency of MindLabs Systems Pvt Ltd, is committed to respecting and protecting your
            privacy on our website. This privacy policy is designed to provide you an outline of, what personal information is
            collected from you and why.
What information do we collect?
We collect information such as your name, organization name, email address, telephone numbers, mobile
            number, fax number, physical address, postal address, IP address and other contact or project related information
            for internal use only.
How information is collected?
The information may be collected via our website by any technology used on our website for example the
            contact us form or a Quote request form.
We may also collect personal information via telephone, letter, promotional materials or at any function or event
            when meeting with a Mindlabs Systems representative.
Why collect information?
Our primary goal in collecting your personal information is to provide you with a professional,
            efficient and personalized service.
Using personal information:
We may use your personal information to communicate with you via emails, telephone, newsletters, and
            direct mails. We may also use it to provide important updates, for invitations or for any other administrative
            purpose.
Sharing your information:
We may share your personal information on a need-to-know basis within our company. We may also share
            your information with our sub-contractors or our suppliers with whom we have signed a confidentiality agreement. We
            will not sell, lease or distribute your personal information to any third-party organization without prior consent.
            We reserve the right to reveal your information in extreme or out-of-ordinary circumstances or for health or safety
            reasons or as required by the legal authorities.We may disclose personal information collected from you if we are
            required to do so by law, in response to a court order or subpoena for example. Such information may also be
            released in response to a specific request from a law enforcement agency. If you have any questions about this
            privacy statement or when we may disclose your information you can contact us.
MindLabs Systems
MindLabs Systems Pvt Ltd
2A , Second Floor, Carnival InfoPark Phase 1V
InfoPark Campus, Kakkanad, Kochi - 682042
Let's make something great together
Get in touch with us and send some basic info for a quick quote
Start a Project