Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Minimega Pty Ltd Privacy Policy – Word Laces
At Minimega Pty Ltd (Australian Business Number: 97 152 021 773) (defined here as ‘We’ or ‘Our’), We value your comments, suggestions and feedback.
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and disclose “personal information” and other “non-personal information” we may have gathered about you in relation to our game “Word Laces”, (“
Game
”).
This policy will let you know:
What information (often referred to as ‘data’) is collected from you by Us;
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
The partners we work with and their privacy policy information;
How you can access, update, or delete your information.
We will comply with all relevant and applicable legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
Protecting the privacy of children is of the utmost important to us. Our app has been designed to be family friendly and to be suitable for use by children. We have limited the way in which we collect data to ensure we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection (COPPA) guidelines for the appropriate use of information collection and access to children’s personal information. If you have any questions or concerns relating to your child’s use of our app please contact us through one of the options provided at the bottom of this page.  You can learn more about COPPA and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act at
www.coppa.org
What data do we collect?
Data can be collected in three ways.
Data collected automatically;
Data you provide us; and
Data collected by our partners.
Data collected automatically
Certain data is collected automatically. This data is collected and stored using Apple iCloud and Game Center:
Your game progress.
Specifically: Level number for each language, the number of words found within a puzzle, the dates of completed daily puzzles, the number of stars collected, the themes that have been unlocked, the number of hints used, and the currently active theme. This data is collected using iCloud. This data is used for saving your game state between sessions and devices.
Your game preferences
are collected from the Settings screen. Specifically: Sound, Music, Haptics and Language. This data is collected to save your preferences between sessions. This data does not leave the device.
Language
(eg. English) is detected from your device and used to automatically select the gameplay language. This data does not leave the device.
Local date
is detected from your device and used to show the correct daily puzzle. This data does not leave the device.
Your teamPlayerID
is collected if you sign into Game Center. This data is collected using iCloud and is used to differentiate game progress between multiple Game Center accounts using a single iCloud account.
If you sign are signed into Game Center, an
achievement
is recorded when you complete the tutorial. This data is collected using Game Center.
Data you provide us
We will keep your contact details if you contact us directly for any reason.
Data we collect from our third-party partners.
We do not utilise any third-party partners that collect data.
How do we use the data we collect?
Data collected can be personal to you or non-personal, and sometimes data that doesn’t appear to be personal can become personal if certain other facts are learned. No matter how we come to collect your data, we will always treat it in accordance with this document, and any applicable legislation.
Apple
Data is shared with Apple Inc. (“Apple”) to enable some sync features between all devices signed into your Apple ID, and this data is limited to Game Center achievements and iCloud save games.
What is Personal Information?
‘Personal Information’ is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by us if you submit it to us directly.
Player Feedback
If you contact us with a comment or query, We keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that we can respond to your comments and questions as a part of our commitment to providing you with player support. If you contact us directly for any reason, we also keep a copy of that correspondence.
What about Sensitive Information?
Sensitive information includes information about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
We will not attempt to obtain or record any sensitive information.
Third Party Service Providers
We do not utilise any third-party partners that collect data.
Access to your data, and permanent deletion of your data
We will retain your data only as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
No matter how we encounter your data, you have the right to access the data We hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions.
Data Subject Requests
In the event that you send a data subject request to Us, We will respond to that request in accordance with any applicable legislation.
If you wish to know what data we hold about you, if any, please make out your request to us in writing at the address listed below. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in Our database, We will require identification from you before releasing any information.
Disclosure, and Security of Your Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
http://wordlaces.com/privacy.html
We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@minimega.com.au
Privacy policy last updated 17 September 2019
Minimega Pty Ltd ©2024
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.wordlaces.com/privacy.html:
Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
404
The page you have entered does not exist
Go to site home
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it