Wexford E-parking App Privacy Policy
Type of service
: Parking Service via mobile App, hereinafter the “Service”
Effective date:
1
st
July, 2022
The Wexford EParking App is owned by ParkMagic Mobile Solutions Ltd and provided to Wexford County Council for the purposes of providing the Wexford EParking service.
Park Magic Mobile Solutions Ltd is the data controller and can be contacted at:
support@parkmagic.net 061 311422 Riverfront, Howley’s Quay, Limerick V94WTK7
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") is to inform users of our Site of the following:
The personal data we will collect;
Use of collected data;
Who has access to the data collected;
The rights of Site users; and
This Privacy Policy applies in addition to the terms and conditions of our Service.
GDPR
For users in the European Union, we adhere to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). For users in the United Kingdom, we adhere to the GDPR as enshrined in the Data Protection Act 2018.
Consent
By using our Service users agree that they consent to:
1. The conditions set out in this Privacy Policy.
Legal Basis for Processing
We collect and process personal data about users in the EU only when we have a legal basis for doing so under Article 6 of the GDPR. We rely on the following legal basis to collect and process the personal data of users in the EU:
1. Processing of user personal data is necessary for us to take, at the request of a user, steps before entering a contract or for the performance of a contract to which a user is a party. If a user does not provide the personal data necessary to perform a contract the consequences are as follows: The parking service cannot be provided.
Personal Data We Collect
We only collect data that helps us achieve the purpose set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not collect any additional data beyond the data listed below without notifying you first.
Data Collected in a Non-Automatic Way We may also collect the following data when you perform certain functions on our Site:
Email address; and
Phone number.
Vehicle Registration Number and
Address Information and
Payment Information
This data may be collected using the following methods:
1. When you create an account.
How We Use Personal Data
Data collected on our Site will only be used for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy . We will not use your data beyond what we disclose in this Privacy Policy. The data we collect automatically is used for the following purposes:
The data we collect when the user performs certain functions may be used for the following purposes:
To Provide the parking service.
Who We Share Personal Data With
Employees We may disclose user data to any member of our organisation who reasonably needs access to user data to achieve the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Third Parties We may share user data with the following third parties:
Wexford County Council. For the purposes of adjudicating on parking ticket appeals / disputes only
Other Disclosures We will not sell or share your data with other third parties, except in the following cases:
If the law requires it;
If it is required for any legal proceeding;
To prove or protect our legal rights; and
To buyers of this company in the event that we seek to sell the company.
How Long We Store Personal Data
User data will be stored for one year after account closure.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We work hard to ensure data is encrypted when in transit and storage, and access to this data will be strictly limited to a minimum number of individuals. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access. Encryption is used, both in transit and storage and Access controls within the organisation limit who may access information.
Your Rights as a User
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed;
Right of access;
Right to rectification;
Right to erasure;
Right to restrict processing;
Right to data portability; and
Right to object.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under 16 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 16 years of age, the personal data will be deleted as soon as possible. If a child under 16 years of age has provided us with personal data their parent or guardian may contact our data protection officer.
How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data Collected
If you would like to know if we have collected your personal data, how we have used your personal data, if we have disclosed your personal data and to who we disclosed your personal data, if you would like your data to be deleted or modified in any way, or if you would like to exercise any of your other rights under the GDPR, please contact our data protection officer here: Data Protection Officer
dpo@parkmagic.net
Modifications
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time in order to maintain compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to our data collection process. When we amend this Privacy Policy we will update the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that our users periodically review our Privacy Policy to ensure that they are notified of any updates. If necessary, we may notify users by email of changes to this Privacy Policy.
Complaints
If you have any complaints about how we process your personal data, please contact us through the contact methods listed in the
Contact Information
section so that we can, where possible, resolve the issue. If you feel we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner you may contact a supervisory authority. You also have the right to directly make a complaint to a supervisory authority. You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority by contacting the Data Protection Commission.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints, you can contact our data protection officer, Data Protection Officer, at: dpo@parkmagic.net