PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: May 1, 2023
Welcome to the Privacy Policy of Twelve70 Inc.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. This Privacy Policy constitutes an integral part of our Terms of Service, accessible at:
https://www.twelve70.
com
/terms
.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
All username, passwords, usage information and data and communications with us are collected and retained by us, upon sign-up, and when you use Twelve70. Our site uses cookies, and by using our site, you agree to their use.
Information We Receive From Third Parties
If you elect to authenticate to our Service using your account on another service (such as a Facebook, Google, or Apple account), we may receive from the other service information like your external account name as well as other information you may choose to make available to us based on your external account settings, such as contact lists and profile photos (if any). You can stop sharing the information from the other service with us by removing our access to that other service.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We collect your information to provide you with our services, including:
to develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect Twelve70 and its services;
to send you communications; and
to comply with any legal requirements.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar, a third-party service, to do analytics on the use of our website, to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize Twelve70 and the user experience. For example, Hotjar helps us better understand how much time users spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and do not like, etc. This enables us to build and maintain Twelve70.
Twelve70 (and Hotjar) uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the 'about Hotjar' section of
Hotjar's support site
.
Fathom Analytics
We want to process as little personal information as possible when you use our website. That's why we've chosen Fathom Analytics for our website analytics, which doesn't use cookies and complies with the GDPR, ePrivacy (including PECR), COPPA and CCPA. Using this privacy-friendly website analytics software, your IP address is only briefly processed, and we (running this website) have no way of identifying you. As per the CCPA, your personal information is de-identified. You can read more about this on
Fathom Analytics' website
.
The purpose of us using this software is to understand our website traffic in the most privacy-friendly way possible so that we can continually improve our website and business. The lawful basis as per the GDPR is "f); where our legitimate interests are to improve our website and business continually." As per the explanation, no personal data is stored over time.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc. (631 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, U.S.A.). This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device. In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using Twelve70. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our app from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use Twelve70 so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Google Ads
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting
Ads Settings
. (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info
.)"
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access and alteration by using standard security practices, tools and policies consistent with practices for similar types of services.
We may use third-party service providers (who may be located outside of Canada) to process or handle personal information, such as in processing payments. When we do this, we will use contractual or other means to protect your information, but the third-party service provider will in addition have it’s own privacy policy that you should be familiar with.
THIRD PARTY SITES
While Terms of Use explain we may provide links to third party websites, products or services, we are not responsible for their privacy or security practices and we have no liability for any actions by them, including those which violate privacy rules. You must satisfy yourself concerning and we recommend reading their privacy policies.
HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION
We will retain your information for the period necessary to provide our services to you unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
CONSENT
By providing your personal information to us, you agree that we may collect, use and disclose it in accordance with this policy and as otherwise required or permitted by law. We may need to disclose information without your knowledge or consent if compelled by a court or by legal process.
YOUR CHOICES
You may access and update information (username, password and email address) at any time. We rely on you to advise us of changes.
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for us to continue processing it. You may send requests to
support@twelve70.com
QUESTIONS
If you still have any questions, please contact us at
support@twelve70.com
.