Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
We collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your ip address or other details to help you with your experience.We collect information from you when you or enter information on our site
The information we collect
1.1 Information You Give Us
Device data. You may choose to give us permission to access certain data on or components of your device, such as your photos, contacts, microphone and camera. You can always disable this access in your device’s settings.
1.2 Sensitive personal information
We will never ask you to send us or submit to the Service any information related to racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or union membership; religious or other beliefs; your health, biometric or genetic information; information about your sexual preference or sexual orientation; or information about your criminal background.
1.3 Advertising
If you use an ad-supported version of the Service, advertising companies use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use it, and to serve you ads tailored to your interests in the Service and elsewhere.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We will only use your personal information in ways that are compatible with the purposes listed below for which it was collected or as subsequently authorized by you.
2.1 To provide the Service
We use your personal information to provide and support the Service. As part of providing the Service we may send you service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support-related messages through the Service or by email. We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions or feedback.
2.2 For research and development
We use the information we collect to better understand your interests and the Service, make improvements to the Service and to develop new features and services.
2.3 With your consent
In some cases we may ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information with your consent, such as when we request access to your photos or other data through prompts in your mobile operating system.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with other organizations for their own marketing or promotional uses without your prior express consent. Please be aware, however, that any personal information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of our Services, such as when you publish content, comments or profile information, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by others.
Where we store and process personal information
we do not stored any personal information of user in our application or server.
Children’s Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:- To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.- Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. We do not use an SSL certificate- We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers.- Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.– Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Contact Us
If you have any problem with the private policy, please contact us at jaydipkpatel12@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
first bought the unlimited usage of your product for 2999 because I did want to use all the features of it after using it a few times it told me that I had to subscribe to use it. It never took the ads away and it never unlocked all the features, but then waited a little bit to see if it would start working and it did not so I tried to buy the one month subscription for 599 to see if that would work I had the same problem after a few tries of using it. It told me I ran out of my tries to use the program again and i had to purchase subscription to continue. did not eliminate the ads, and did not give me full access. I have requested a refund for both.
DO NOT SUBSCRIBE
Reply
Delete
Replies
Hi, can you fix the restore button in the next update of the Street View application for iOS?
I bought the Premium version time ago and it's annoying to "buy again" the app every time when I use it. Thanks.
Delete
Replies
Reply
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.blogger.com/profile/05309296891334744115:
Privacy Policy
On Blogger since
September 2022
Profile views
-
494
Report Abuse
My blogs
Privacy Policy
About me
Main menu
Google apps