Privacy Policy
Responsible for data protection laws, especially the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is:
Furkan Yuece
Your Rights as a Data Subject
Under the provided contact details of our data protection officer, you can exercise the following rights at any time:
– Information about your stored data and its processing (Art. 15 GDPR),
– Correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),
– Deletion of your stored data (Art. 17 GDPR),
– Restriction of data processing if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),
– Objection to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR), and
– Data portability, if you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).
If you have given us consent, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.
You can file a complaint with a supervisory authority at any time, e.g., with the competent supervisory authority of the federal state of your residence or the authority responsible for us as the responsible entity.
A list of supervisory authorities (for the non-public sector) with addresses can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Collection of General Information when Visiting our Website
Type and Purpose of Processing:
When you access our website, i.e., if you do not register or otherwise submit information, information of a general nature is automatically collected. This information (server log files) includes the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your IP address, and similar.
It is processed in particular for the following purposes:
– Ensuring a smooth connection setup of the website,
– Ensuring seamless use of our website,
– Evaluation of system security and stability, and
– For further administrative purposes.
We do not use your data to draw conclusions about you personally. This information is statistically evaluated by us, if necessary, to optimize our website and the underlying technology.
L
egal Basis:
The processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website.
Recipient:
Recipients of the data may be technical service providers who act as processors for the operation and maintenance of our website.
Storage Period:
The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required for the purpose of its collection. This is generally the case for data that serves the provision of the website when the respective session has ended.
Mandatory or Required Provision:
The provision of the aforementioned personal data is neither required by law nor by contract. However, without the IP address, the service and functionality of our website are not guaranteed. Furthermore, individual services and services may not be available or may be restricted. For this reason, objection is excluded.
Cookies
Type and Purpose of Processing:
Like many other websites, we also use so-called „cookies“. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our website.
This gives us certain data such as IP address, browser used, and operating system.
Cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can facilitate navigation and enable the correct display of our web pages.
In no case will the data collected by us be passed on to third parties or a link with personal data will be established without your consent.
Of course, you can also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can disable the use of cookies at any time through the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your Internet browser to find out how to change these settings. Please note that individual functions of our website may not work if you have deactivated the use of cookies.
Storage Period and Cookies Used:
If you allow us to use cookies through your browser settings or consent, the following cookies may be used on our websites:
If these cookies (also) affect personal data, we will inform you about it in the following sections.
You can delete individual cookies or the entire cookie inventory through your browser settings. You will also receive information and instructions on how these cookies can be deleted or their storage blocked in advance. Depending on the provider of your browser, you will find the necessary information under the following links:
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-loeschen-daten-von-websites-entfernen
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=de
Opera: http://www.opera.com/de/help
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?locale=de_DE&viewlocale=de_DE
Contact Form
Type and Purpose of Processing:
The data you enter will be stored for the purpose of individual communication with you. For this purpose, it is necessary to provide a valid email address and your name. This serves to assign the request and the subsequent answering of the same. The specification of further data is optional.
Legal Basis:
The processing of the data entered into the contact form is based on a legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
By providing the contact form, we want to enable you to contact us easily. The information you provide will be used for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions.
If you contact us to request an offer, the processing of the data entered in the contact form will take place to implement pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
Recipient:
Recipients of the data may be processors.
Storage Period:
Data will be deleted no later than 6 months after processing the request.
If there is a contractual relationship, we are subject to the statutory retention periods under the German Commercial Code (HGB) and delete your data after these periods have expired.
Mandatory or Required Provision:
The provision of your personal data is voluntary. We can only process your request if you provide us with your name, your email address, and the reason for the request.
SSL Encryption
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g., SSL) via HTTPS.
Changes to Our Data Protection Regulations
We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g., when introducing new services. For your next visit, the new data protection declaration will then apply.
Questions to the Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about data protection, please write us an email or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization directly:
info@androiddigger.de