Welcome to British Supplements
Clean Premium Strong Nasty Free Supplements Made in the UK
Not owned by Big Pharma, Not in a joint venture with the Government to sell anything (Big Pharma).
A UK Business that pays its Taxes and is based on genuinely helping people
About us and what we want to do
Hi, my name is Chris and I own Real Health Supplements LTD which trades as British Supplements TM.  You will see me very soon when I start to make videos about our products and general videos about all things in the Health industry. I will also make videos of where we get our powders from travelling to see farms and products all over the world and look to blog about this to show you guys everything.
We are based in N.Ireland (UK) and I created this business due to the sorry state that the food industry is in especially supplements. Nothing is made for people its all just made for profit and that's where we come in. We will look to have about 200 Clean Premium Supplements in our online store.
After that, we hope to manufacturer our own Spirulina capsules. Once we do that we would like to import the raw flowers and roots and manufacturer our own powders. No supplement company has ever done any of these. 99.9% of powders are imported plus they don't care that much about their products.
We would also like to make a raw supplement line if this is possible. We will look to open some stores throughout the UK as well because you won't see our products in the shops. Why? Because our products are so expensive to make we could not wholesale them.
Remember we only make the best supplements. We don't buy the cheap bulked out powders and then the supplement factory bulks them again as they have to put them through their machines and mass make millions of them. I call this double bulking and its disgusting isn't it?
For example, our Turmeric is real Turmeric made from the root and not lab made (GMO) like the cheap stuff out there. I see the prices they are selling it at and its not even our cost price so it's impossible to wholesale our products to be resold. We already give you the best prices we currently can plus we don't lie about the prices with pretend sales every day.
We Need your Help :)
Please read our homepage as there is a lot of info on it about the Supplement market and what they
are doing and what we want to do and become with your help and support.
Them
vs
US
Big Business. Big Government.
Big Pharma + MHRA (partners)
Politicians
.
The Above are the Gate Keepers who keep the system in place via Money, Power and Perception.
The People. Small Business
The Tax payers.
Represented by None.
These groups to the left
don't
care about us.
The Health industry is such a dirty market with so many dirty tactics, do we even know who we are buying from anymore ?
Do we know what is in our products ? Horse meat anyone ? They are all bought and sold for the right price I'm afraid :(
The Russians aren't coming ! They are here on every high street in the UK !!!
Did you know that Holland and Barrett's is owned by an international investment business based in Luxembourg. I wonder why they chose Luxembourg ?
It was founded by a
Russian oil man
, nothing suspicious here let's move on........
Big Pharma Merck
German company Merck KGaA owns Natures Best
Here's some info on them from their own about us page below.
"
We've been around for more than 350 years
, yet our majority owners are still the descendants of Friedrich Jacob Merck, the man who founded our company in Darmstadt, Germany in 1668. Since then,
we have become a truly global company, with around 52,000 employees in 66 countries working on breakthrough solutions and technologies. In 2018, we invested a total of € 2.2 billion in research and development.
"
All this research and money and they can't even make supplements right
never mind all the other businesses they own like Lambert's Healthcare Ltd same company only they sell to professionals, Seven Seas Ltd and all sorts of other health businesses.
Whats really in your supplements ?
Please read the ingredients list of your supplements and then look for the sneaky tab/link that says extra/other ingredients. They are all at it.
Also, check everything you put on your skin or hair they are all made by the same companies most of the time (Big Pharma)
Them (Big biz/ Big Pharma)
If you check the back of your supplement bottle and check the ingredients you will see a combo of these Nasty little extras below. You could check the back of any product you buy as 99% are made for profit and not made for humans.
DiCalcium Phosphate, Anti-caking Agents,(Silicon Dioxide & Magnesium Stearate),Tablet Coating (Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, lycerine),Crosslinked Cellulose Gum, Stearic Acid,Polydextrose,Titanium Dioxide & Iron Oxides Methylcellulose, Stearic Acid, Maltodextrin, Colloidal Andhydrous Silica, Microcrystalline Cellulose,Crosarmellose Sodium, Hypromellose, Glycerol Liquid Glucose, Talc, Sucrose, Silica Colloidal Anhydrous,Cellulose powdered, Calcium carbonate (E1700, Acacia, Tragacanth, white beeswax,Carnaub wax, Shellac, etc etc
Us (The People)
So Chris what do you add to your supplements ????
Nothing - Nasty Free ;)
All of our products are 100% of what your looking to buy. So, for example, you're in the market for Milk Thistle extract. Ours is Milk thistle in a veg capsule. There are no sneaky little extras like those to the left.
**Update we are adding an uptake blend to most of our products to help with the uptake of each supplement**
They or the factory's they buy from all add these to stop the herbs from being sticky and to help the machines work so they can mass produce them by the millions. It's a regular theme it's all about mass producing to make as much as they can and extract as much money from you as they can.
Most brands don't even make their own products these days any way they buy from a couple of factories. T
hat's why you see the exact same amounts and the same nasty extras most of the time just with a different label on it.
The Crown Jewels have been Sold along time ago
Do you know when you are actually buying a British product these days ? It's actually very hard to buy British because Britain does not own much these days :( Everything has been sold to the highest bidder !
Below is just a few businesses that were founded in the UK and are still going strong but are owned by foreigners. Please note when it says owned by the USA etc it means a person or group who is from that country usually. Also, a lot are owned by multiple groups/countries
.
Holland & Barrett's owned by the Russians
Natures Best owned by Merck KGaA (Big Pharma )
Seven Seas Cod Liver Oil owned by the Germans aswell (Merck KGaA)
British Airways owned by the Spanish
Heathrow Airport now owned by the Spanish 25% and Qatar 20%
Cadburys Chocolate owned by the USA.
P&O Cruises owned by the USA
Rolls Royce owned by the Germans (BMW)
Selfridges owned by the Canadians
Tetley Tea owned by the Indians
Imperial Chemical Industries (Dulux) owned by the Dutch
Walkers Crisps owned by USA
Lea & Perrins Worcestershire sauce owned by USA
Jaffa Cakes owned by Turkey
Harvey Nichols owned by Hong Kong
Kit Kat owned by the Swiss
The Financial Times newspaper is owned by Japan
Marmite is owned by the Dutch
Walls Ice Cream is Dutch owned aswell
Hartley's Jam owned by USA
Most Premier League football teams
Hamleys is owned by China
Waterstones is owned by USA
Innocent drinks are USA owned
Scottish Power is owned by Spain
Thames Water is German/Omers (Canada).
Pilkington Glass is owned by Japan
Abbey National is owned by Spain
Newcastle Brown Ale owned by the Dutch & Danish and even brewed in Holland.
Beefeater Dry Gin owned by France
Harrods owned by the state of Qatar
The Mini is owned by Germany
We need your Support (partnership)
To help us with our Plan below
We Are
A Real British Business Built On Old British Values
like :
Fairness, Integrity, Respect, Knowledge, Constant Learning, Growing, Ambition, Reliable / Trustworthyness
, Yes I Just Made This Word Up :)
Basically The Opposite To What 99% Of Businesses Worldwide Are. Heck Opposite To Them All, Politicians, Governments, Big Pharma, They Are All The Same - On The Take Looking To Manipulate Every Chance They Get.
We Want
Win Win Relationships
, We Will Give You
The Best Supplements
On The Market With No Added Shit And We Look To Become More -
What we want to do
Have About
200 Natural Supplement Products
In Our Shop All With Nothing Added.
Open up a Manufacturing Branch in America
For Protection Against The UK Government And Big Pharma AKA The MHRA, There is freedom of speech in America not so much in the UK.
Manufacturer Our Own Capsules
(No one in the UK does this)
Buy In The Roots And Flowers To Process Our Own Powders
(No one in the UK does this)
Create Raw Supplements
If We Can (No one in the UK does This)
Create Essential oils
from the flowers etc (No one in the UK does This)
Create real Shampoos/face creams etc
without the 40 chemicals in them. Just turn around your shampoo bottle and read the ingredients. Alcohol ? Whats that do ? Kills human cells so why are you putting on your face or in your hair ?
I will personally be travelling the world to find the
best ingredients
i can find for us to consume. (What Owners Do That ?)
Il be doing all of the above because this business is an extension of me. I am determined that we at British Supplements can serve you the best Premium Health products on the market and keep growing with your help.
Shop now :)