PRIVACY NOTICE FOR “myEYC” App
By downloading and using our application “myEYC” and creating your account, your personal
            data will be processed by the controller in various ways. This document contains basic
            information about your personal data processing by EYCA as app provider.
The controller of your personal data and app provider is European Youth Card Association
            Euro<26, with the mailing address Centre Dansaert, 7/11 Rue d‘Alost, 1000 Brussels, Belgium
            and with a registered seat at Amsterdam, the Netherlands, Dutch Chamber of Commerce file
            no. 34142416; contact details are the following telephone: +32 288 06 843 or email at
            mail@eyca.org (hereinafter „EYCA“, „we“, „us“ and „our“).
Our Data Protection Officer is Steiner & Associates s.r.o., which is a law firm based in Slovakia,
            that has a sufficient level of expertise and professional qualities in the data protection area;
            mailing address Plavkova 2, 040 11 Košice, Slovakia, email office@steinerassoc.eu. Our Data
            Protection Officer will manage your request and will give you additional information about how
            it will be handled.
The purpose of your personal data processing is to provide you with complex functions of the
            app (like providing you visible discounts in a chosen territory, a forum for communication with
            other cardholders, information about meetings and activities of youngsters, provide you with
            your digital European Youth Card etc.). Also, we will process your personal data also for
            technical purposes and, if required, legal purposes. Therefore the provision of personal data is
            a contractual requirement to use our app and without the provision of your data, you cannot
            use our services.
We process your personal data on the following grounds:
Contractual obligation:
By registering for the account (filling in the personal data) and
                    tickling the box “I agree with Terms and Conditions and License agreement”, you are
                    concluding a contract with us for free use of our services under conditions declared
                    by mentioned documents. The main purpose of the application is to show discounts
                    for cardholders and other promotional activities for European youngsters. Therefore
                    you do not give us consent for your personal data processing, because they are
                    processed as part of the contract and provided by you by filling out the registration
                    form for creating your account. Without the creation of your account, you will not be
                    allowed to use our services.
Your consent:
Some specific voluntary features of the application can be used only
                    by your given consent, which will be given either by tickling the relevant box or
                    managing settings in the app.
Legal obligation:
We will process your personal data based on this ground only in case
                    there is a request from the state authorities, legal dispute, proceeding regarding
                    possible damages or other legal aspects of personal data processing.
Vital interest:
We will process your personal data if we assess that it is necessary to
                    protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as in situations
                    involving potential threats to the safety of a person.
Personal data gathered by filling in the registration form and further processed are:
basic categories of personal data, e.g. names, email addresses, usernames,
                    passwords, date of birth, profile picture, European Youth Card number (provided by
                    EYCA Member organisations)
technical application data - Log and usage data as service-related, diagnostic, usage,
                    and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use
                    our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us,
                    this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and
                    settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time
                    stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other
                    actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as
                    system activity, error reports (sometimes called 'crash dumps'), and hardware
                    settings). We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone,
                    tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used,
                    this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server),
                    device and application identification numbers, location (via IP address not
                    geolocation), browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile
                    carrier, operating system, and system configuration information. Location Data. We do
                    not collect geolocation data; however we collect location data based on your IP
                    address. You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing
                    access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device.
                    However, if you choose to opt-out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the
                    Services.
We DO NOT process any sensitive personal data (like data regarding your health,
                    political views, financial data etc.).
EYCA is entitled to provide your personal data to a third party. Third parties to whom we will
            provide your personal data are:
Google Analytics. We may share your information with Google Analytics to track and
                    analyse the use of the Services. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across
                    the Services, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information on
                    the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms page.
Our Member organisations – a legal entity that is in partnership with EYCA on the
                    national/regional level and that provided you with your European Youth Card – here is
                    the list of all our Members: https://www.eyca.org/members . This Member organization
                    shall be considered as a joint controller providing the same activities as us (like
                    informing you about news, local youth activities, etc.) as far as its activities concern
                    cardholders to whom it issued EYCard.
Our service providers – providers that secures functions of the application, bug fixing
                    and updates.
Your personal data will be stored from their collection until the termination of your account.
            After that time your personal data can be used in ongoing legal procedures or will be
            anonymised or pseudonymised and used for statistical purposes.
If you are a citizen of the European Union, we do not transfer your personal data outside of the
            EU – they are available only for us and our member organisation based within the European
            Union that issued your EYC Card. If you are not a citizen of the European Union, your personal
            data will be transferred (shared) with our member organisation that issued your EYC Card
            based in a non-EU state. The safety and high level of protection of your personal data
            transferred to such third countries shall be secured via contracts concluded between us and
            our Member organization that provided you with an EYCard, using standard data protection
            clauses adopted by the EU Commission under Art 46 para 2 letter c) of GDPR.
You have the following rights, under the regulation of the applicable legislation:
right to withdraw your consent with personal data processing when consent is base
                    for such data processing; withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of
                    processing based on consent before its withdrawal,
the right to request from the controller access to your personal data
the right to rectification of personal data,
right to the erasure of personal data,
right to restriction of processing,
right to object processing of personal data,
the right to data portability,
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority,
that will be the Belgium Data Protection Authority
(https://www.dataprotectionauthority.be/citizen)
Provision of your personal data is a contractual requirement, without providing your personal
            data while creating an account the usage of our app is not possible.
We are not providing automated decision-making due to the selection process; however, we
            automatically exclude applications for accounts of persons who are not cardholders of
            European Youth Card (e.g. cases when the applicant does not possess a valid EYC card).
Disclaimer:
Disclaimer: If you provide your personal data to the myEYC app outside of the European Union,
            you may be subject to the local law concerning personal data protection. Specifics of this local
            law can be found on the website of our member organisation that provided you with your EYC
            card. We always process your personal data under GDPR as required under Art 3 GDPR.
In Brussels on 11 June 2024.