Contact us:   oatnehc@gmail.com
Vizo
User Privacy Policy
Introduction
This application values your privacy. When you use our services, we may collect and use your information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, store, and share this information, as well as the ways in which we provide you access, update, control, and protect this information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the services you use and we hope that you will read it carefully and make the choices you think are appropriate in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy uses technical terms to the extent possible and provides links for further explanation to facilitate your understanding.
Your use or continued use of our services indicates that you agree to us collecting, using, storing, and sharing your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, please contact us through the contact information provided in the application.
How do we collect and use your personal information?
We collect your personal information mainly to make it easier and more satisfying for you and other users to use the
Vizo
platform services. The goal of the
Vizo
platform is to provide all Internet users with a safe, interesting, and instructive online experience. And this information helps us achieve this goal.
We typically collect and use your personal information in the following scenarios:
2.1 Account Registration
2.1.1 Mobile phone registration. If you register for
Vizo
using a mobile phone number, you will need to provide your phone number and verification code. If you refuse to provide the personal information mentioned above, you may not be able to successfully register for
Vizo
. Please understand that the matching result of your mobile phone number and verification code is sensitive personal information, and our collection of this type of information is based on relevant laws and regulations. If you refuse to provide it, it may result in you not being able to register for an account.
2.1.2 For the purpose of generating a unique identifier for you on the
Vizo
system, system may automatically collect technical information. When you log in, we also need to collect information such as your hardware device model, screen width and height, the version of software you are using, your operating system and version, your IP address, your location, mobile network information, your device ID, device manufacturer, device model, operator, IMEI/android ID /IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, etc.
2.2 Taking Photos
When you use the device camera to take photos, in order to allow you to upload them directly after taking the photos, we will access the relevant permissions of your device camera and collect the image information that you provide after taking the photos and uploading them to us. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using this function but will not affect your ability to use other features of the product and/or service normally. At the same time, you can always turn on/off this permission through the relevant function settings on your device. By turning on this permission, you authorize us to access, retrieve, collect, and use your personal information; if you cancel this authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will not be able to provide you with the corresponding service mentioned above; unless you delete your personal information in accordance with legal provisions, cancelling your behavior will not affect our handling and storage of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
2.3 Payment
When you make a payment on
Vizo
, you need to use the payment function. During the payment process, we may collect your third-party payment channel's user ID. The above information is necessary for us to provide you with the purchased goods/services. We cannot obtain your personal property information based solely on this information, nor can we identify specific natural persons.
How do we use COOKIES or similar technologies？
We or our third-party partners may obtain and use your information through COOKIES or similar technologies, and store such information as log information.
By using COOKIES, we provide users with a simple and personalized online experience. A COOKIES is a small amount of data that is sent from a network server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use COOKIES to benefit its users. For example, to make the login process on the
Vizo
platform faster, you can choose to store the username in a COOKIES. This will make it more convenient and efficient for you to log in to the
Vizo
platform's services next time. COOKIES can help us determine the pages and content you are connecting to, the time you spend on
Vizo
platform specific services, and the
Vizo
platform services you have chosen.
COOKIES enables us to serve you better and faster, and makes your experience on the
Vizo
platform more personalized. However, you should be able to control whether and how COOKIES are accepted by your browser. Please refer to the files included with your browser for more information in this regard.
We and third-party partners may collect and use your information through COOKIES or similar technologies, and store such information.
We use our own COOKIES or similar technology, which may be used for the following purposes:
(1) Remember your identity. For example, COOKIES or similar technologies can help us identify your identity as our registered user, or save information you provide us about your preferences or other information;
(2) Analyze your use of our services. We can use COOKIES or similar technologies to understand what activities you use
Vizo
platform services for, or which services are most popular;
(3) Advertising optimization. COOKIES or similar technologies can help us provide you with advertisements related to you based on your information, rather than conducting general advertising campaigns.
While using COOKIES or similar technologies for the above purposes, we may also provide a summary of non personally identifiable information collected through COOKIES or similar technologies to advertisers and other partners for analyzing how you and other users use
Vizo
platform services and use them for advertising services.
There may be COOKIES or similar technologies placed by advertisers and other partners on the
Vizo
platform services. These COOKIES and similar technologies may collect non personally identifiable information related to you for analyzing how users use these services, sending you advertisements that may interest you, or evaluating the effectiveness of advertising services. These third-party COOKIES or similar technologies are not bound by this policy when collecting and using such information, but are bound by their own information protection statements. We do not assume responsibility for third-party COOKIES or similar technologies.
You can reject or manage COOKIES or similar technologies through a browser or user selection mechanism. But please note that if you disable COOKIES or similar technologies, we may not be able to provide you with the best service experience, and some services may not be able to be used properly. Meanwhile, you will still receive advertisements, but their relevance to you will decrease
Explanation on facial data
The image data uploaded by users will be permanently deleted after processing in our system. And display the processed images in the app. Users can delete the image in the app at any time, and we will permanently delete the content on the server. If you did not delete the photo, we will save it on the server for a default of six months to help you save the data.
We did not perform facial recognition and labeling processing, nor did we use cameras to compare facial information between people and images.
We do not specifically collect facial data from the images you uploaded. Will not process facial data without user authorization. Facial data is only a part of the image, and when the user needs to process the information in the image, it is processed according to the user's requirements and transmitted to the user.
We will not share any images uploaded by users, including facial data, with any third party.
Personal information we may share, transfer and disclose
(1) Share
1.Premise: Any shared behavior and data do not include facial data. We will not share facial data with any third party. We will not perform unauthorized processing on the facial data you upload.
2. Necessary sharing with related parties. In order for us to provide you with consistent services based on a unified account system and for you to conduct unified management, personalized recommendations, ensure system and account security, etc., your personal information may be shared between us and our affiliates as necessary. ;
3. To achieve the purposes described in the "How We Collect and Use Personal Information" section of this policy;
4. Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in this policy or other agreements we have reached with you;
5. Sharing with third parties such as partners who entrust us with promotion, the purpose is to enable such entrusting parties to understand the coverage and effectiveness of promotion. For example, we can tell the entrusting party how many people have viewed their promotional information or purchased the entrusting party's products after seeing this information, or provide them with unidentifiable statistical information to help them understand their audiences or customers;
6. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, in order to comply with the law, protect us and our affiliates or partners, you or other
Vizo
platform users or the public's interests, property or safety from damage, such as to prevent fraud, etc. Illegal activities and to reduce credit risk, we may exchange information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include information that is sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this policy;
7. In response to your legitimate needs or with your authorization and consent;
8. Provide your information in response to the legal request of your guardian;
9. Provided according to the individual service agreement signed with you (including the electronic agreement signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
10. Provided based on academic research;
11. Provided based on social and public interests that comply with laws and regulations.
We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with the companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle the information in accordance with our instructions, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(2) Transfer
1. As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your information may be transferred as part of such transactions.
We will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
2. After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties.
(3) Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and under the premise of taking security measures that comply with industry standards:
1. According to your needs, disclose the information you specify in the disclosure method you explicitly agree to;
2. When it is necessary to provide your information in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your information based on the required information type and disclosure method. Subject to complying with laws and regulations, when we receive the above request to disclose information, we will require the recipient to issue corresponding legal documents, such as a subpoena or a letter of investigation. We firmly believe that the information we are asked to provide should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. All requests are carefully reviewed to ensure they have a legitimate basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has a legal right to obtain for specific investigative purposes.
(4) Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or disclosing information
In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and disclosing your information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
1. Relevant to national security and national defense security;
2. Relevant to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Relevant to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
4. To protect your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
5. Information that you disclose to the public on your own;
6. Collect information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
According to legal provisions, sharing, transferring, and disclosing de-identified personal information, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot recover and re-identify the information subject, does not constitute the external sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information. The storage and processing will be without further notification to you and without your consent.
How we store and protect personal information
We will only store your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy and the shortest period required by laws and regulations. However, under the following circumstances, we may change the storage time of personal information to comply with legal requirements:
1. In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, for example, Paragraph 3 of Article 21 of the "Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China" requires that the retention of network logs for technical measures to monitor and record network operating status and network security events shall not be less than six months. months;
2. To comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;
3. To comply with the requirements of government agencies or legally authorized organizations.
If we terminate our services or operations, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information, comply with relevant laws and regulations and notify you in advance, and delete or anonymize your personal information after terminating our services or operations. Except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.
The personal information we collect and generate during our operations in the People's Republic of China is stored in China, except for the following circumstances:
1. Laws and regulations have clear provisions;
2. Obtain your authorization and consent;
3. The products and services you use involve cross-border activities, and the
Vizo
platform needs to provide your personal information overseas.
In response to the above situations, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this policy and national laws and regulations.
We attach great importance to information security, have established a dedicated security team, and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information:
(1) Data security technical measures
We will adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from unauthorized access, use, modification, and avoid data damage or loss.
Our services use a variety of encryption technologies. For example, in some products, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect your personal information, use encryption technology to encrypt and save your personal information, and use isolation technology to protect your personal information. isolation.
When using personal information, such as information display and information correlation calculation, we will use a variety of data desensitization technologies to enhance the security of information in use.
We will also use strict data access control and multi-identity authentication technology to protect personal information and avoid illegal use of data.
(2) Other security measures we take to protect personal information
We manage and standardize the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification and classification system, data security management specifications, and data security development specifications.
We implement comprehensive security controls on data through information contact confidentiality agreements, monitoring and auditing mechanisms. We will also hold personal information protection training courses to enhance employees’ security awareness and understanding of the importance of protecting information.
(3)
We only allow
Vizo
platform employees and partners who need to know this information to access your personal information, and have set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose.
We also require all persons who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may result in legal liability or suspension of the partnership with the
Vizo
platform.
(4) We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected.
(5) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and it is impossible to determine whether the communication methods with other users such as email, instant messaging, social software or other service software are fully encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and Pay attention to protecting the security of your information.
(6) The Internet environment is not 100% safe. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of the personal information you send us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal liability.
(7) Security incident handling
In order to deal with possible risks such as leakage, damage and loss of personal information, we have formulated information security-related management systems to clarify the classification and grading standards of security incidents and security vulnerabilities and the corresponding processing procedures. We have also established a dedicated emergency response team for security incidents. In accordance with the requirements of security incident handling specifications, we launch security plans for different security incidents, stop losses, analyze, locate, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace the source and attack.
After an information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the handling measures we have taken or will take, and suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own. , remedial measures for you, etc. At the same time, we will promptly notify you of the incident-related information through website announcements, push notifications, pop-up reminders, text messages, phone calls, or other means. When it is difficult to inform the information subjects one by one, we will issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
Please understand that due to technical limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information.
You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access
Vizo
platform services may have problems due to circumstances beyond our control.
Please be sure to keep your account number, password and other identity factors properly. When you use
Vizo
platform services, we will identify you through your account number, password and other identity factors. Once you disclose the aforementioned information, you may suffer losses and may be disadvantageous to you. If you find that your account number, password and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
Third party services
Vizo
platform services may be linked to social media or other services (including websites or other service forms) provided by third parties. include:
(1) You can use the "Share" button to share certain content to third-party services, or you can use third-party services to log in to
Vizo
platform services. These functions may collect your information (including your log information) and may install COOKIES on your computer to allow the above functions to function properly;
(2) We provide you with links through advertisements or other means on our services so that you can link to third-party services or websites;
(3) Other situations of accessing third-party services. For example, in order to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access third-party SDK services and share some of your personal information we collected in accordance with this policy with such third parties in order to provide better customer service and user experience.
Such third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party social media services or other services (including any information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party’s own terms of service and information protection statement (rather than this policy). You need to carefully Read its terms. This policy only applies to the personal information we collect and does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the third party's information use rules. If you find that there are risks in these third-party social media or other services, it is recommended that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests.
AGE LIMIT
We encourage parents or guardians to instruct minors under the age of eighteen in using our Services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and that minors seek the consent and guidance of their parents or guardians before submitting personal information.
Scope of application of this Privacy Policy
Except for some specific services, this Privacy Policy applies to all our services. Specific privacy policies will apply to these specific services. The privacy policy for that specific service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of any specific service and this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of the specific service shall apply.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
We may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time, and such modifications shall form part of this Privacy Policy. If such modifications result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently reminding you on the homepage, sending you an email, or otherwise notifying you before the modifications take effect. In this case, If you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
This statement is effective from the date of update
Last updated: Oct 21, 2024