Privacy Policy
Introduction
FusionFaces (hereinafter referred to as “FusionFaces”, “we” or “us”) takes your privacy very seriously, and we
        are
        committed
        to protecting and respecting your privacy. That value powers all of the decisions we make, including how we
        collect,
        use, share, store and respect your personal information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you
        can
        make appropriate decisions on an informed and freely given basis.
Children Under 16
WE DO NOT knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under 16. If parents
        believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s’ personal information, please contact us to
        delay
        the information via appropriate means as set forth in “Contact Us” Section of this Privacy Policy.
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to users of our services anywhere in the world, including users of our applications,
        official websites or other services (“the Service”), unless covered by a separate privacy policy or additional
        terms
        of this policy. It is important that you read this Privacy Policy with any other privacy policy or fair
        processing
        policy we may provide on specific occasions, so that you are fully aware of when, why and how we collect and
        process
        your personal information. This Privacy Policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not
        intended to
        override them.
        By using our Apps or accepting our services, including without limitation accessing our applications, you
        acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you object to anything described in this Privacy Policy, please
        do
        not use our websites or our Apps.
        We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you about such changes by posting the
        amended
        version on our websites or application. Please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any
        changes,
        and your continued use of our services will be deemed your acceptance of these changes.
        Unless otherwise prescribed in the Privacy Policy, the terms in the Privacy Policy shall have the same
        implications
        with the terms in the Terms of Service.
PLEASE NOTE THAT, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following cases:
Any information or personal information collected by any third-party services, products, applications,
            websites
            and/or platforms, such as Instagram, regardless whether they are accessible through our applications and/or
            websites; or
Any information or personal information collected by other companies or institutions that provide
            advertising
            services through our applications and/or websites.
In such circumstances, you should refer directly to privacy policies for the relevant third party.
Data Controller and Data Processor
FusionFaces is both the data controller and data processor, who determine the purposes and methods of the data
        processing with respect to your personal information collected by us, and responsible for the data processing
        with
        respect to your use of our services. You can contact us in the following ways:
        Email address: bbyy.dev@gmail.com
Personal Information We Collect
Personal information, or personal data, means any information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a
        particular natural person, such as the name, email address, phone number, the identification number, location
        data,
        or an online identifier, etc. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect your personal information as follows:
Contact Details. If you contact us and provide us with your personal information, we may collect such name
            and
            email address for responding products feedback, complaints, bug reports, or any other service related
            questions;
Transaction Records. We provide in-app purchase to our users, and such purchase will be made through Apple
            Store
            or other third-party service providers. To provide you with the corresponding products, we may receive
            transaction records from third-party service providers, but you cannot be identified from those transaction
            records；
Technical Information. WE WILL NOT collect technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers
            (including
            without limitation your IP address, browsing type, mobile model, operating systems, network type and other
            browser settings/preference) you may use. However, we may use such pseudonymization technical information
            provided by Google Analytics (to know how Google Analytics collect and process with your personal
            information
            when you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google, please refer to
this link
)；
Data Related to The Service. We collect abstracted data related to your use of our applications. This
            includes
            your country and your internet service provider. You cannot be identified from those abstracted data；
WE DO NOT and will never collect your personal information without notifying you and obtaining your permission.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Information
If you fail to provide the personal information as requested where we need to collect such personal information
        by
        law, under the terms of a contract we have with you, to enter into a contract with you, or to provide you with
        the
        services, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you, or to provide
        you
        with, in part or in a whole, certain features or the services that you request.
How We Use Your Face Data
We does not collect or retain any identifiable face data from users.
We utilizes photos and machine learning algorithms solely to enable face swaps and effects.
Any face data in the photo is immediately encrypted and transmitted to our servers for processing the visual
            effect.
This encrypted face data is not associated with user accounts or identities.
Our servers decrypt the data, process the visual effect, and delete the encrypted face data instantly.
The visual effects processing hsiteens in real-time and we do not persistently store any face data or face
            recognition models associated with our users.
Any photos for face features you upload are recorded only during the face swap and are deleted within 7
            days.
We do not share any face data with third parties.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We will use the personal information we collect about you in accordance with the laws of applicable
        jurisdictions in
        the following ways:
To enter into and to perform our contract with you, or to perform any steps you require from us before
                entering into a contract with you;
To communicate with you, including but not limited to respond to your request for any help with our
                services
                or for exercising your rights with respect to your personal information;
To provide support and security for our applications or any other services you request;
To comply with our legal obligations under relevant laws, regulations, and orders (including subpoenas),
                injunctions, or any other legal documents issued by the court or competent governmental or regulatory
                authorities.
To pursue our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) as we deem fit and necessary, where your
                interests and fundamental rights do not override those legitimate interests of ours (or ang third
                party’s),
                such as:
to understand, improve, optimize and develop our services;
to conduct research and monitor the quality of our services;
to enforce our Terms Agreement; or
to respond to complaints, hearings, arbitrations, law suits or other governmental or regulatory
                    proceedings.
PLEASE NOTE THAT, WE DO NOT sell or share your personal information with any third parties for their direct
        marketing, but those third parties who provide us with SDKs may collect your personal information directly,
        please
        refer to “How We Share Your Personal Information” Section for detailed information.
        WE WILL NOT use in-depth processing of your personal information to obtain your biometric information.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your information with our vendors that perform support and other services in connection with our
        Services as follows:
with advertising service providers and advertising partners that enable us to conduct and display
            advertising on
            our applications, websites, and third-party sites, applications, or social media platforms;
with third parties for collaborative offerings, legal and safety purposes, in connection with the sale or
            transfer of a business or asset, for use in aggregate or anonymous form, and for other purposes with your
            permission.
Where We Store Your Personal Information
Generally, we only store your edited contents on Firebase, and remotely access to such contents via Firebase
        instead
        of storing on our server. Also, we may collect and use your personal information to the extent for responding
        your
        request, but such data will not be stored in our local device or server. To be specific, if you contact us for
        feedback, complaints, bug reports, or questions regarding your personal information, we may collect and use your
        technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers (including without limitation your IP address,
        browsing
        type, mobile model, operating systems, network type and other browser settings/preference) you may use, and we
        will
        only retain such data and your contact details (such as email address) on Google Sheet, instead of our local
        device
        and/or server.
        PLEASE NOTE THAT any of your personal information stored by us will not be transmitted outside of Singapore, and
        we
        will take reasonable technological and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information during the
        entire time of the storage of your personal information.
How Long We Store Your Personal Information
Generally, WE DO NOT store your personal information unless we otherwise expressed in this Privacy Policy. In
        the
        case we need to retain your personal information for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, such retention
        will
        be limited to the necessary period which permitted by applicable laws and regulations. For example, when you
        contact
        us for feedback, complaints, bug reports, or questions regarding your personal information, we will store such
        data
        and your personal contact details (such as email address) to the extent for responding your request, and then
        immediately delete the same properly, EXCEPT THAT we have other legitimate basis (such as complying with our
        legal
        obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements) for keeping such data.
Security of Personal Information
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your personal information are extremely important to us. We will
        use
        various technologies and administrative measures to protect your personal information which have been collected
        and/or stored by us from being lost, being misused, unauthorized accessed or leaking. In addition, all
        processing by
        our staff are based on their work assignments and bound by confidentiality obligations.
        PLEASE NOTE THAT, despite our best efforts to provide security protections for your personal information, due to
        limit of technology as well as various possible malicious means in the internet industry, no security measures
        are
        perfect or impenetrable. We will regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology
        and
        methods.
Your Rights and Controls
You have rights under applicable data protection law in relation to our use of your personal information,
        including:
Data Access. You have the right to request access to your personal information;
Rectification. You have the right to update or amend your personal information if it is inaccurate or
            incomplete;
Objection. You have the right to object to certain uses of your personal information, including direct
            marketing, processing based on legitimate interests, and processing for purposes of scientific or historical
            research and statistics, on grounds relating to your particular situation;
Erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, or restrict its use, in
            certain circumstances (for example you can request that we erase your personal information where it is no
            longer
            necessary for the purpose for which it was collected unless certain exceptions apply);
Portability. You have the right to request certain copies of your personal information you have provided to
            us,
            to use for your own purposes (often called the right to data portability). PLEASE NOTE THAT we may not able
            to
            provide any copy of your personal information since we usually not store any of your personal information;
Withdrawing Consent. If we are processing your personal information based on your consent you can withdraw
            your
            consent at any time by changing “Settings” on the APP or by sending a communication to us specifying which
            consent you are withdrawing. PLEASE NOTE THAT the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness
            of
            any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal; and
Lodging Complaints. You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a
            complaint with our Data Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section above or lodge a complaint
            with
            the relevant supervisory authority or bring a legal action.
If you have any question about these rights or you would like exercise any of them, please contact us via
        appropriate
        means as set forth in “Contact Us” Section of this Privacy Policy. Before we can respond to a request to
        exercise
        one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
        PLEASE
        NOTE THAT your ability to access or control your personal information will be limited in some cases, as required
        or
        permitted by applicable law.
        PLEASE NOTE THAT, if you decide not to provide the personal information we request (such as your contact detail
        to
        communicate with you) we may not be able to timely or adequately respond to your needs or proposals with respect
        to
        your rights as set forth above.
        You may exercise your data protection rights by “Settings” on the APP as follows:
If you have created an account, you can delete your account information (e.g. subscription information,
            payment
            information, contact details) through “Settings”.
If you want to access or control personal information collected and processed by us, which is not available
            by
            “Settings” on the APP, you can contact the “Data Officer” on “Settings” or contact us via the methods we
            provide
            in the “Contact Us” Section hereinafter.
AI Photo Generation Feature
By using the FusionFaces AILab, including the AI filter feature, AI templates feature, or text to image/headshot
        feature, We will analyze the photos you uploaded and find out the facial key points (like eyes, nose, and mouth
        points) of the face in the photos for face processing purposes. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT collect any face
        data.
        After the analyzing process ends all data will be deleted within 7 days, no data will be saved permanently.
Specially, in order to provide an AI Generation feature, the complete AI generate process is:
You input the prompt content about the style you wish to generate;
You agree to transfer a photo to our server；
Our server detects a face in your photo;
Find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
Depends on your prompt content and apply the effect to your photo based on the detected key points.
PLEASE NOTE THAT AFTER THE GENERATE PROCESS IS COMPLETED, THE PHOTOS YOU UPLOADED WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY DELETED
        WITHIN 7 DAYS.
Advertising
WE WILL NOT send you any promotional information by email, SMS, physical or telephone. PLEASE NOTE THAT, we use
        Google AdMob as advertising providers, any advertising on our applications are published and
        controlled
        by them instead of us, and therefore, if you click those advertising link to any third party, you shall read
        their
        privacy policies carefully, and you shall understand that their privacy policies are not controlled or covered
        by
        us.
Supplemental Terms
Additionally, the following SDK providers may collect and use your personal information:
Google AdMob
. We use Google AdMob as advertising provider, and it may tack your browsing
                history for online behavioral advertising purposes, such as your visits to the contents and ads on third
                party websites, applications and platforms, and collect your Advertising ID, in order for you to receive
                relevant interest-based advertising when you use any websites and/or applications have established
                partnership with Google (to know how Google AdMob collect and process with your personal information
                when
                you use any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google AdMob, please refer to
this link
);
Google Analytics
. We use Google Analytics to understand the functionality of our APP,
                which
                may collect technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers (including without limitation your
                IP
                address, browsing type, mobile model, operating systems, network type and other browser
                settings/preference)
                you may use (to know how Google Analytics collect and process with your personal information when you
                use
                any websites and/or applications have established partnership with Google Analytics, please refer to
this link
);
Firebase
. We use Firebase for statistics service as follows:
Firebase Crashlytics: which may collect and use your Crash Trace data to associate crashes with a
                    project, send email alerts to project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
                    Firebase customers debug crashes; uses Crashlytics Installation UUIDs to measure the number of users
                    impacted by a crash and minidump data to process NDK crashes; and the minidump data is stored while
                    the
                    crash session is being processed and then discarded.
Firebase Remote Config: which may collect and use your Firebase installation IDs to select
                    configuration
                    values to return to end-user devices.
To know how Firebase collect and process with your personal information when you use any websites and/or
        applications
        have established partnership with Firebase, please refer to
this link
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
If you are a California resident, the supplemental terms in this section may apply to you. PLEASE NOTE THAT we
        may
        request proof of California residency before responding to requests made under this section.
        Right to Opt-out. WE DO NOT sell your personal information or share, exchange your personal information with any
        third party. Therefore, WE DO NOT offer an opt-out to the sale of personal information as required by CCPA.
        Right to know. You may submit a verifiable request for us to provide the following information, which we may be
        able
        to provide you for no more than twice in a 12-month period with free of charge:
The specific pieces of personal information we have about you;
The categories of personal information we collected, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose about you
            within
            the last 12 months;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The purposes for which the information was collected or sold; and
The categories of third parties to whom the information was sold, disclosed for a business purpose, or
            otherwise
            shared.
If possible, we will provide this information to you in a readily usable format that allows transmission to
        another
        entity.
        Right to Data Portability. You have the right to request certain copies of your personal information you have
        provided to us, to move data from one company to another (often called the right to data portability). PLEASE
        NOTE
        THAT we may not able to provide any copy of your personal information since we usually not store any of your
        personal information; and
        Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request for us to delete the personal information we have collected
        about you. We may retain personal information necessary to: (i) protect our business, systems, and users from
        fraudulent activity; (ii) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process; or (iii) for
        scientific
        or historical research.
        YOU WIll NOT be discriminated (such as price discrimination) for exercising your rights under CCPA.
        Please contact us via appropriate means as set forth in “Contact Details” Section of this Privacy Policy if you
        would like to exercise your rights under this section.
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK (the “European Region”), supplemental terms in this
        section
        may apply to you:
International data transfers
If you normally reside in the European Region, the personal information that we collect from you will be further
        transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Region (for instance, to our service
        providers
        and partners). These transfers are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard data protection
        clauses
        adopted by the European Commission.
You have the following rights:
The right to request free of charge (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal information and
            (ii)
            access to a copy of the personal information retained;
The right to request proper rectification or removal of your personal information or restriction of the
            processing of your personal information;
Where processing of your personal information is either based on your consent or necessary for the
            performance
            of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal
            information concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your
            personal
            information transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
Where the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your
            consent
            at any time (withdrawal will not impact the lawfulness of data processing activities that have taken place
            before such withdrawal);
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal
            effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by
            Union
            or Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract;
The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal information on the basis of our
            legitimate
            interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your right. If you
            object to
            such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing
            of
            your personal information and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this
            processing;
The right to object to processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes; and
The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to
        verify
        your identity or your account details.
        Please send an e-mail to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights .
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you wish to exercise your
        rights
        in respect of your personal information, please contact us in the following ways:
        Email address: bbyy.dev@gmail.com