Terms and Conditions
Last updated: March 02, 2024
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Cyber Scouting
Application Store
means the digital distribution service operated and developed by Apple Inc. (Apple App Store) or Google Inc. (Google Play Store) in which the Application has been downloaded.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Country
refers to:  Mexico
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Cyber Scouting.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Service
refers to the Application.
Terms and Conditions
(also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service. This Terms and Conditions agreement has been created with the help of the
Terms and Conditions Generator
.
Third-party Social Media Service
means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
For European Union (EU) Users
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are resident.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not affect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service.
You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By email: dmcpacks@bingchilling.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/:
Homepage
Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Generate a Privacy Policy with the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed to comply with GDPR, CCPA+CPRA and many other privacy laws worldwide.
Generate Privacy Policy in minutes. 100% free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Generate Privacy Policy
Highlights
Excellent service
rated 4.7+
Incredible fast
customer support
Easy and enjoyable
user experience
Free hosting page
for your Privacy Policy
Download your Privacy Policy
as document
Edit your Privacy Policy
with Live Editor
Update your Privacy Policy
anytime
Get notified
when it's time to update
Features of the Privacy Policy Generator.
The TermsFeed Privacy Policy Generator simplifies creating a Privacy Policy for your website, app, ecommerce store, SaaS, or any business that requires a Privacy Policy to comply with privacy laws like GDPR, CCPA+CPRA, and more.
Generate custom Privacy Policies
Create a fully customized Privacy Policy tailored to your business in just minutes.
Download in multiple formats
Easily download your Privacy Policy in multiple formats — HTML, DOCX, Plain Text, or Markdown.
Update anytime
Missed an option or changed your business practices? No problem. Return to the TermsFeed and update it anytime.
Edit with Live Editor
Need to add custom text? Use our Live Editor to apply personalized edits with ease.
Free hosting
Every Privacy Policy generated is hosted for free with a permanent link — perfect for your website footer or app store listing.
Stay up to date
Get notified by TermsFeed when it's time to update your Privacy Policy.
A Privacy Policy is mandatory by law.
A Privacy Policy is legally required if you collect personal data from users, regardless of the platform—website, mobile app, desktop app, etc. Most privacy laws around the world mandate having a Privacy Policy.
United States
Several state-level laws, such as CCPA+CPRA, require a Privacy Policy.
Europe
The GDPR mandates a Privacy Policy for businesses in or operating within the EU.
Canada
Privacy laws like PIPEDA require businesses to have a Privacy Policy.
United Kingdom
The UK's privacy regulations also require a Privacy Policy.
Australia
Australia's privacy laws mandate having a Privacy Policy for businesses.
CCPA+CPRA
The California Consumer Privacy Act, amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, requires a Privacy Policy
CalOPPA
The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) mandates a Privacy Policy for websites and online services.
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires businesses in the EU or those operating in the EU to have a Privacy Policy.
PIPEDA
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) requires a Privacy Policy for businesses handling personal data.
Many more
Support for more privacy laws around the world.
Helping businesses since 2012.
Tens of thousands rely on the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed to simplify compliance and protect their businesses.
Great Service! 10 out of 10 experience with them. Very fast and easy to use system. Very quick turnaround times with customer support and super easy system to use
Januss E.
CEO
May 31, 2024
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Excellent customer support! Fully functional system at low cost. Easy to understand.
Dave J.
Operations Director
Apr 16, 2024
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Simple and Impressive. I especially loved that there were questions to help me make the best choice. But what I really loved was how very easily I was able to get policies and terms and conditions tailored to my needs. This can be an intimidating process since I wanted to ensure compliance, but their software made it easy and definitely left me feeling very confident.
Saria K.
Owner
Nov 25, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Great, easy to use.
Kathleen N.
Owner
May 06, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Great Product! Over all I was happy using TermsFeed. It was very easy to use. Very easy to understand.
Verified Reviewer
Travel Agent
Mar 19, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
A quick and easy solution to get my website up and running! So easy to use! It was super quick and affordable and I didn't need to pay for a lawyer
Verified Reviewer
Media Manager
Feb 20, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Excellent! Complying with German data protection laws. The outstanding customer service and ease of creating all the docs you need.I had just about completed a website (I design for friends, so it's not my main job) here in Germany and I needed to be sure I was complying with all data protection laws. They are very strict here, and the fines are huge. I was going round in circle but then found TermsFeed, which sorted everything out for me.
Sally U.
Business Officer
Feb 19, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
My overall experience was amazing and I'm very happy to continually work with TermsFeed. Pros: How well it was compliant with todays laws and how cheap it was. I would've had to spend thousands on an attorney or lawyer to do the same thing TermsFeed did for much cheaper.
Andrew S.
Owner
Feb 17, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Pros: The selection of what best works for the industry/business as well as the customizable option.
Ferdinand P.
Business Officer
Feb 16, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Watch the Privacy Policy Generator in action.
See how the TermsFeed Generator can create a custom Privacy Policy for your business in just minutes.
Frequently asked questions.
Have questions about our Privacy Policy Generator before you sign up? Find the most popular questions answered below.
A Privacy Policy is a legal agreement between you and your website/app users that explains how you collect, use, and protect their personal data.
It details what data you collect, how you use it, who you share it with, and how you keep it secure. It also covers your use of cookies and tracking technologies.
Most global privacy laws require a Privacy Policy if you collect personal information.
Yes, the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed is free to use.
You can also purchase optional premium versions with additional clauses for a one-time fee.
Yes, you can download the Privacy Policy generated by TermsFeed as HTML, DOCX, or plain text.
Use the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed to create a free Privacy Policy for your business.
No, copying someone else's Privacy Policy is illegal. These documents are protected by copyright laws.
You need a Privacy Policy for two key reasons:
Legal Requirement:
If you collect personal data, you must comply with privacy laws that apply regardless of where your business is located.
Customer Trust:
Consumers expect transparency. Not having a Privacy Policy can damage your reputation and drive customers away.
If you truly don’t collect any personal data, you must still have a Privacy Policy to state that fact.
However, review your data practices carefully. Services like Google Analytics may collect data without you realizing it.
Many countries require a Privacy Policy if you collect personal data, including Canada, the EU, the UK, the U.S., and Australia. Privacy laws are expanding globally.
For details by country, see our article:
Privacy Laws by Country
.
Privacy laws protect residents of specific regions. Even if your business is not in California, you must comply with California privacy laws if you serve California customers.
Key laws to know:
CCPA
: California law requiring a Privacy Policy.
GDPR
: EU law with global impact, setting the standard for privacy regulations.
CalOPPA
: Requires Privacy Policies for businesses collecting data from California residents.
COPPA
: U.S. law protecting children’s privacy (under 13).
PIPEDA
: Canadian law for businesses handling personal data.
UK DPA
: UK law regulating data collection and processing.
Australia Privacy Act
: Regulates data collection and storage practices in Australia.
Cookies are small files stored on a user’s device when they visit a website. They help remember user activity like shopping cart contents or form data.
Whether cookies count as personal data depends on their function and the user’s legal jurisdiction.
No, requesting email addresses without a Privacy Policy is not recommended. Email addresses are considered personal data, and you may face legal liability if you collect them without a Privacy Policy.
Your Privacy Policy must explain why you collect email addresses, how you use them, and users' rights (e.g., opting out).
Your Privacy Policy must be easy to access at all times. Place a link in your website footer and on any page where you collect personal information, such as sign-up forms or checkout pages.
The best way to get user acceptance is through click-wrap, which is clear and legally compliant.
Provide a link to the Privacy Policy with a checkbox or button labeled with a statement like, "By clicking Agree, you accept our Privacy Policy."
Write your Privacy Policy in simple, clear language.
Privacy laws have different requirements, so start by reviewing what personal data your business collects, why you collect it, and how you use it. Use our Privacy Policy Generator or templates for help:
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample GDPR Privacy Policy Template
A Privacy Policy explains how you collect and use personal information. A
disclaimer
limits liability for misunderstandings or misuse of your content.
For example, a medical disclaimer states that content is for informational purposes only and not a replacement for medical advice.
A Privacy Policy protects your users by explaining how you handle their data. A
Terms & Conditions (T&C)
agreement protects you by outlining the rules for using your website or app.
Privacy Policies are legally required, but T&Cs are optional. However, having a T&C helps you enforce rules and terminate accounts for violations.
Everything you need to know about Privacy Policies.
Practical insights on Privacy Policies to help your business stay compliant and protect user data.
Privacy Policy for Educational Websites
If you're creating an educational website, you'll need to make sure you have all the correct legal documents in place. This includes having a Privacy Policy that is accurate and appropriate for your website.

Having a good Privacy Policy helps you to meet your legal requirements, show users that you're trustworthy,...
Privacy Policy for API Providers
If you are providing an Application Programming Interface (API), you're most likely to be collecting data from end-users. This means you'll need a Privacy Policy.

This article will look at what types of data collection and exchanges you're most likely to be making through an API. It will then look at...
Privacy Policy for RingCentral SMS/MMS Content Policies
Businesses that use RingCentral to send short message service (SMS) or multimedia messaging service (MMS) messages must maintain a Privacy Policy to comply with its SMS/MMS Content Policies.

This article explains what RingCentral's SMS/MMS Content Policies require, what to include in your Privacy Policy to comply with RingCentral's requirements, and what...
Privacy Policy for Photography Websites
If you're setting up a photography website, you'll need to include a Privacy Policy to meet legal requirements, make your website look trustworthy, and increase the professionalism of your site.

This applies regardless of whether your website is for sharing your portfolio, selling photographs or booking appointments, or whether you're hosting...
"How Do We Share Your Information" Clause in a Privacy Policy
One of the key purposes of a Privacy Policy is to inform consumers about how their personal information is used, including if and how it is shared with others.

When drafting your Privacy Policy, this will be an important clause when it comes to transparency and legal compliance.

This article will explain...
Privacy Policy For When You're Using Cloud Service Providers (CSPs)
Almost all websites use cloud hosting services these days, managed by third-party providers. These hosting services are also known as Cloud Service Providers (CSPs).

If you're struggling to figure out whether you need a Privacy Policy, whether your policy should disclose that you are using a CSP, or how to talk...