Terms of Service for Datamanager
Last updated: Mar 6, 2024
Welcome to Datamanager
These terms of service ("Terms") apply to your use of Datamanager, which manages downloads and can download files by link. By using the app, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree, please do not use Datamanager.
Use License
Permission is granted to download legally obtained content through Datamanager solely for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
Modify or copy the materials;
Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained in Datamanager;
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by provider at any time.
Intellectual Property Rights
Content accessed or downloaded through Datamanager must respect the intellectual property rights of others. Users are responsible for ensuring they have the right to access and download content, and must not use Datamanager to infringe the copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights of third parties.
User Conduct
Users of Datamanager are expected to use the app lawfully and ethically. Unauthorized use of copyrighted content, engaging in copyright infringement, or any other illegal activity is strictly prohibited and will result in termination of your access to the app.
Use of Service
You may use this service for personal, non-commercial purposes. Datamanager is intended for downloading legally permissible content only. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of the service complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
Acceptance of Terms
By accessing or using Datamanager, you agree to be bound by these terms and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with any part of the terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this app.
Intellectual Property Rights
All content provided through Datamanager, including software, text, and graphics, is owned by or licensed to us and is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. You may not use such content without permission.
User Responsibilities
You agree not to use Datamanager to download, distribute, or share any content for which you do not have the legal rights. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the service does not infringe upon the rights of others or violate any laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Datamanager is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind. We do not guarantee the app will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted basis. We are not responsible for the content or files you download using the app.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages resulting from your use of or inability to use Datamanager, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Changes to Terms
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. We will provide notice of any significant changes by updating the "Last updated" date at the top of these Terms.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please
contact us.