WEB PRIVACY POLICY
Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.,
responsible for the website, hereinafter referred to as the RESPONSIBLE PARTY, in accordance with current legislation on personal data protection, hereby informs you that the personal data collected through the forms on the
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
website are included in the specific automated files of users of
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
services.
The collection and automated processing of personal data is aimed at maintaining the business relationship and the performance of tasks of information, training, advice and other activities of
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
DAVINCI TECH, S.L
adopts the necessary measures to ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of the data in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
is responsible for the website and data processing.
Data collected on this website
The personal data collected on this website are only the following, through the contact form completed by the User:
Nombre
Email
For what purpose will we process your personal data?
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
will process your personal data collected through the Website:
https://davincitech.es/,
for the following purposes:
In case of contracting the services offered through
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
, to maintain the contractual relationship, as well as the management, administration, information, provision, improvement of the service or any other relationship with the service.
Sending information requested through the forms available at https://davincitech.es/.
To send newsletters, as well as commercial communications of promotions and/or advertising of DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
Attention to requests or requests made through customer service.
Statistical analysis
The fields of these records are mandatory, being impossible to perform the purposes of DAVINCI TECH, S.L. service.
We remind you that you can exercise your rights of access, opposition, rectification, cancellation, limitation and portability recognized in the aforementioned RGPD, by sending an email to the address:
info@davincitech.es
You may also object to receiving commercial communications by any means and at any time by sending an e-mail to the following address:
info@davincitech.es
.
How long will the personal data collected be kept?
The personal data provided will be kept as long as the business relationship is maintained or you do not request its deletion and for the period for which legal liabilities may arise for the services provided.
The communication of data to the Forces and Corps of the State will be made in accordance with the provisions of the regulations on personal data protection.
Legitimation:
The processing of your data is carried out with the following legal bases that legitimize it:
The request for information and/or the contracting of the services of
DAVINCI TECH, S.L.
whose terms and conditions will be made available to you in any case, prior to any eventual contracting.
Free, specific, informed and unequivocal consent, as we inform you by making available to you this privacy policy, which, after reading it, if you agree, you can accept by checking a box provided for that purpose.
In case you do not provide us with your data or you do it in an erroneous or incomplete way, we will not be able to attend your request, making it impossible to provide you with the requested information or to carry out the contracting of the services.
What are your rights?
The user may at any time exercise the following rights recognized in the aforementioned Regulation (EU).
Right to withdraw consent at any time.
Right of access, opposition, rectification and limitation of processing, or portability and deletion of your data.
The right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority (www.aepd.es) if you believe that the processing does not comply with the regulations in force.
The exercise of these rights can be made by the user through the following contact details and forms:
By sending a communication to DAVINCI TECH S.L, Calle Altozano, 16, Tomares, 41940, Sevilla.
By sending an email to:
info@davincitech.es
Target audience:
The data will not be communicated to any third party outside DAVINCI TECH S.L., unless legally obliged to do so. These data will only be transferred to those entities that are necessary for the sole purpose of complying with the aforementioned purpose, and where appropriate, may be transferred to third parties with which there is a link through a processing manager contract.
You can consult the privacy policy and other legal aspects of the company in the following link:
https:
//www.davincitech.es/aviso-legal/
Data collected by users of the services:
The user declares that all data provided by him/her are true and correct, and undertakes to keep them updated, communicating any changes to
info@davincitech.es
.
Collection of data from underage users:
Only DAVINCI TECH, S.L. users over 14 years of age are allowed to register.
The age verification is done through a calendar, by entering the user's date of birth. In the event that the user enters an age that does not correspond to the truthfulness, DAVINCI TECH, S.L. cannot be held responsible for the veracity of this information.
In the case of extracurricular activities in which museums that have the services of DAVINCI TECH, S.L. are used, the fundamental right to Data Protection must also be respected. In these cases, only students over 14 years of age will be able to register, and in any case, the school will be responsible for obtaining such consent through legal channels.
Also, the user may voluntarily capture and upload a user profile picture, which, however, will not be used for any other purpose. Being only necessary, the consent of the user for access to the camera or the folder of images for the purpose of incorporating the profile picture.
Intellectual property rights:
DAVINCI TECH, S.L. is the owner of all copyrights, intellectual and industrial property rights, know-how and any other rights related to the contents of the website
https://davincitech.es/
and the services offered therein, as well as the programs necessary for its implementation and related information.
The reproduction, publication and/or non strictly private use of the total or partial contents of the website https://davincitech.es/ is not allowed. For more information on this aspect you can go to review the Legal Notice.
Intellectual property of the software:
The user must respect the third-party programs made available by DAVINCI TECH, S.L., even if they are free and/or publicly available. DAVINCI TECH, S.L. has the necessary exploitation and intellectual property rights to the software.
The user does not acquire any right or license for the contracted service, on the software necessary for the provision of the service, nor on the technical information for monitoring the service, except for the rights and licenses necessary for the fulfillment of the contracted services and only for the duration of the same.
For any action that exceeds the fulfilment of the contract, the user will require written authorisation from DAVINCI TECH, S.L., and the user is prohibited from accessing, modifying, viewing the configuration, structure and files of the servers owned by DAVINCI TECH, S.L., and assumes the civil and criminal liability arising from any incident that may occur on the servers and security systems as a direct consequence of negligent or malicious action on their part.
Intellectual property of the hosted contents:
The use contrary to the legislation on intellectual property of the services provided by DAVINCI TECH, S.L. and, in particular, of:
Use that is contrary to Spanish law or infringes the rights of third parties.
The publication or transmission of any content which, in the opinion of DAVINCI TECH, S.L., is violent, obscene, abusive, illegal, racial, xenophobic or defamatory.
Cracks, program serial numbers or any other content that infringes the intellectual property rights of third parties.
The collection and/or use of personal data of other users without their express consent or in contravention of the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
The use of the domain's mail server and e-mail addresses for sending unwanted bulk e-mail.
The user has full responsibility for the content of the website, the information transmitted and stored, hypertext links, third party claims and legal actions, when performing actions not permitted in these conditions or in the intellectual property regulations.
Rights of third parties:
The user is responsible with respect to the laws and regulations in force and the rules that have to do with the operation of the online service, e-commerce, copyright, maintenance of public order, as well as universal principles of Internet use.
The user shall indemnify DAVINCI TECH, S.L. for any expenses incurred in the event of being involved in a case for which the user is responsible, including legal fees and expenses, even in the event of a non-final court decision.
Protection of the hosted information:
Likewise, it does not guarantee the full replacement of data deleted by customers, as such data may have been deleted and/or modified during the period of time elapsed since the last backup.
Commercial communications:
In application of the LSSI, DAVINCI TECH, S.L. will not send advertising or promotional communications by e-mail or any other equivalent means of electronic communication which have not been previously requested or expressly authorised by the recipients of the same.
In the case of users with whom there is a previous contractual relationship, DAVINCI TECH, S.L. is authorized to send commercial communications concerning its products or services that are similar to those initially contracted with the customer.
In any case, the user, after proving his/her identity, may request that no further commercial information be sent to him/her by sending an email to:
info@davincitech.es