Privacy Policy
Welcome to GetPaid (“GetPaid”, “we”, “us” or “our”). GetPaid provides a professional and
easy-to-use way to issue invoices and collect payments for them.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use,
share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software
provided on or in connection with GetPaid services (collectively, the “Service”), and your
choices about the collection and use of your information.
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to
post content, including photos, comments and other materials (“User Content”), to the
Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see,
use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service,
consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information:
Information you provide us directly:
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and
register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in
mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the
Application unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your
name, email address, and other registration information; (b) transaction-related
information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download
or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for
help; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as
contact information and business management information.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time
to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing
promotions.
User Content (e.g. photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the
Service.
Communications between you and GetPaid. For example, we may send you Servicerelated emails (eg, account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service,
technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related
e-mails.
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the
Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including
the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving
the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information
from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular
individual User.