Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
ViDi AI
- Privacy
Privacy Policy
The Developers of
ViDi AI
& King Games Studio  respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains our privacy practices for the Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data is collected and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
Data Privacy
We do not store or share any of the content you create with this application.
User Privacy
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We do not store/collect/distribute any personal information (like name, address, debit or credit card or any bank information) by this app.
That means, we do not collect any kind of information transmitted through our network.
Children privacy
You must be 13+ years of age or older in order to use the App.
App's Content Storage
We use Firebase by Google to store the contents of the App. We can update the contents on a regular basis from the server storage.
Information we automatically collect
Device Information
We may collect information about your mobile device, including its model, operating system type and version, unique identifiers, language, mobile network information and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Service.
Analytical data
We may use third party analytics tools, such as Firebase By Google for A/B testing. Crashlytics & Answers by Fabric for capture crash reports and retention tracking. For example, we may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Service, the duration of your sessions, the interactions you make with the Serviceʼs interface, etc.
Customer Support
When you request for customer support, we asks for your email address and other contact information, so that we can get back to you with our response regarding your feedback. We also collect information regarding your support request. You may contact us with any questions or comments directly at: kinggamesstudio.com@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it