Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 202
4
-02-14
We believe that you should always know what data we collect from you, how we collect it, how to use your data, and more. This is the purpose of our privacy policy.
Collect Information
Your information begins to be collected when using our services. Personal data includes but is not limited to: your name, address, device information. We use this data to provide you with better service to optimize, prevent fraud, and marketing. We may also collect information from advertising platforms and partners, as well as other third parties, such as clicking on ads.
We may collect and process the following types of information:
You use our app.
Information we collect through cookies and other similar technologies;
Your sharing on our social media channels;
The device type, IP address when you use the app.
In some cases, we may ask you to approve additional information collected from you or your device. Or, we will complete any other similar activities and we will let you know what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we will use it.
When you contact our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your app use or activity on our Services, and your Sticker.fy user and/or social network ID number. We will also store the communications you have with the Customer Service team and any information in those communications in order to provide support.
How to use information
We use your information to satisfy your request. We can also use personal and non-personal information, either alone or in combination, to better understand customer behavior and preferences, resolve technical issues, provide static and dynamic advertising, and enforce their terms of service to ensure proper operation of their products. And services, as well as helping to improve the service and its content. In addition, we can combine non-personal information with personal information to tailor the product for you.
In the case of all data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, rented, sold or otherwise voluntarily distributed to non-affiliated third parties and will only be used to provide and improve services and this article. Any other purpose stated. We will retain your information as long as you are active or available to you as needed. Please note that in some cases, the law requires us to retain your information.
How to share your information
We will not share your personal data with third parties without your consent, unless we are forced to do so by law or by special circumstances (such as the detection or prevention of abuse or criminal activity). We may process your data outside of the country where you live. This can happen, for example, if the service provider of our analytics service is located outside of your country. In this case, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is legally processed and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your rights
You have the following data protection rights:
You may correct or update your personal information, object to the processing of your personal information, and ask us to limit the processing of your personal information or to require the portability of your personal information.
If we collect and process your personal information with your consent, you may revoke your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legality of any processing we do before you withdraw, nor will it affect your processing of your personal information on the grounds of legal processing rather than consent.
You have the right to complain to the data protection agency about the collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection agency.
To exercise your access or delete permissions, please submit a request via our email address. We will respond to all data protection requests we receive in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How to store your information
We will retain your information as long as necessary to provide services to you, to maintain our legitimate business operations or exercise, to defend or establish our rights.
The time we retain your personal information depends on the reason we collect it and how we use it, but we do not retain your personal information for longer than our business purpose or legal requirements.
We will retain your personal information as long as you use our app. If you delete an app, we take reasonable steps to remove this personal information. However, you acknowledge that after you close our app, we may retain some information so that we can fulfill our legal obligations or exercise, defend or establish our rights.
Security
We will take all reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent loss or alteration of your personal information. For example, our data contains only encryp
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it