Privacy Policy – Mobile Banking (IndSmart)
Home
>
Departments
>
Privacy Policy – Mobile Banking (IndSmart)
Bank’s Profile
Vision and Mission
Managing Director & CEO’s Profile
Executive Director’s Profile
Board of Directors
Chief General Managers
General Managers
IMAGE
INDIAN BANK MUTUAL FUND
Privacy Policy – Mobile Banking (IndSmart)
Your privacy is very important to Indian Bank (hereinafter referred as the Bank). Hence the Bank is committed to the Privacy Promise for Customers, which is as under:
Who is covered under this policy:
All natural persons, whose personal information is either collected/ received/ possessed/ stored/ dealt in/ handled by Indian Bank who uses the bank’s mobile application (IndSmart), who visit the site https://www.indianbank.in/ and who provide information to Indian Bank (“Bank”) online, are covered under this Policy.
Information Collection and Use:
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify
you. This Policy seeks to cover personal information provided to Indian Bank and any information collected by the bank server from the visitor’s browser/ mobile application, which covers all/any of the following:
Personal/ Private information of the Covered Persons:
“Personal information” means any information that relates to a natural person, which either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate, is capable of identifying such person.
Sensitive personal data or information:
“Sensitive personal data or information” of a person means such personal information which consists of information relating to:-
Financial information such as Bank account or credit card or debit or other payment instrument details
Password
Physical, physiological and mental health condition
Biometric information
Medical records and history
Images including photographs, location, email id, phone number and address
Provided that, any information that is freely available or accessible in public furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the in force shall not be regarded as sensitive personal data or information purposes.
Indian Bank’s Privacy Promise for Customers:
While information is the cornerstone of the Bank’s ability to provide superior service, Bank’s most important asset is its customer’s trust. Keeping customer information secure and using it only as the customers would want the Bank to, is a top priority for everyone in the Bank. Here then, is the Bank’s promise to the customers:
The bank or its contractors may hold & process customer’s personal information on computer or otherwise in connection with Mobile Banking services as well as for statistical analysis and credit scoring.
The bank will safeguard, securely and confidentially, any information that the customers share with the Bank. The bank will continue to maintain its tradition of not sharing the transaction information in customers’ account with anyone required by law or statutory agencies.
The bank will limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum required delivering effective service to the customers, to administer Bank’s business and to advise customers about the Bank’s products, services and other safeguards.
The bank will give access to customer information to only those employees who are authorized to handle the customer information. Employees who violate Bank’s Privacy Promise will be subject to the Bank’s normal disciplinary process.
The bank will not reveal customer information to any external organization unless the bank has previously informed the customer in disclosures or agreements have been authorized by the customer or as required by the law and statutory authorities.
The bank will always maintain control over the confidentiality of the customer information. The bank may, however, facilitate relevant offers from reputable companies for product promotion jointly/tied up with the bank.
Whenever the bank hires other organizations to provide support services, the bank will require them to conform to the Bank’s privacy policy standards.
For purposes of credit reporting, verification and risk management, the bank may exchange information about the customers with reputed and clearing house centres.
The bank will exercise due diligence about ensuring the accuracy of the information collected.
Bank may record and monitor telebanking / mobile banking calls for security purposes.
Mobile application may contain links to external Govt. and private organizations for facilitating customer transactions. While such links are provided for customer convenience, customer should be aware that accessing such links is at their own risk since the Bank cannot provide assurance as to the information handling practices of the linked websites.
The bank will continuously assess to ensure that customer privacy is respected and will conduct the business in a manner that fulfils the bank’s Promise.
Data Collection and Usage
Why we collect phone number?
Your phone number is used to verify the bank account associated with us.
Device Identification: To collect information for Device Identification and detecting fraudulent actions purposes only. We will not share the collected user information with any other platform.
Contact Lists
In order to provide you with our mobile bill recharge service for both prepaid and post-paid accounts, we may collect and utilize your contact list. This collection and usage are done in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Why We Collect Contact Lists
We collect your contact list for the following purposes:
Contact Verification: To ensure the accuracy of mobile numbers for recharging, we may cross-reference the mobile numbers in your contact list with the numbers you wish to recharge.
Recharge Convenience: By accessing your contact list, we aim to simplify the recharge process for You can easily select recipients from your contacts, making it more convenient to recharge multiple mobile numbers.
Notification and Confirmation: We may use your contact list to send notifications and confirmation messages related to the recharge transactions initiated through our
Pay to Contact: We may collect & use your contact details information from the phone directory to enable the ‘Pay to Contact’ functionality in
How We Use Contact Lists
Contact Matching: We may match mobile numbers in your contact list with the numbers you provide for recharge purposes. This helps ensure that the recharge is directed to the correct recipient.
Recharge Transactions: Your contact list data is used exclusively for initiating and processing mobile bill recharge transactions based on your instructions.
Notifications: We may use contact list data to send notifications to both you and your selected recipients to confirm successful recharge transactions, remind about upcoming bill payments, and provide updates on recharge status.
Data Security and Privacy
We take data security and privacy seriously. Here are some measures we implement to protect your contact list data:
Encryption: Contact list data is transmitted and stored securely using protocols to prevent unauthorized access
Access Controls: Access to your contact list data is restricted to authorized personnel only, and it is used solely for the purposes outlined in this policy.
Data Retention: We retain contact list data only for as long as necessary to fulfil purposes mentioned above. Afterward, it is securely deleted.
Third-Party Sharing
We do not share your contact list data with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. However, we may share it with trusted third-party service providers strictly for the purpose of processing recharge transactions and delivering related
Your Consent
By using our app and agreeing to this privacy policy, you consent to the collection and usage of your contact list data as described herein. You can withdraw your consent at any time by adjusting your device’s permissions or contacting us for assistance.
Do’s and Don’ts of Mobile Banking:
Do’s:
Always download latest version of application from Google Play Store / Apple App Store only and not from any other
Please remember that bank would never ask you to verify your account information through e-mail / Phone Call.
Update your device with latest anti-virus and anti-spyware software
Check your account statement regularly and ensure that it is correct in every
Report any erroneous entries to Bank immediately on observing any
Don’ts:
Never download any unknown/suspicious apps which can permit remote access of your mobile like AnyConnect.
Do not share your passwords, OTP, Card number, Expiry date, CVV & ATM PIN to anyone including Bank officials.
Do not provide any information on a page which might have come up as a pop-up
Always remember that information like password/ PIN are strictly confidential and are not known even to employees’/service personnel of the Bank. You should therefore never divulge such information even if asked for.
( Last modified on Jun 14, 2024 at 01:06:59 PM )
Ask ADYA
ADYA
Home
About us
▼
Bank’s Profile
e-Allahabad Bank Journey
Vision and Mission
Management
▼
MD & CEO’s Profile
ED’s Profile
Board of Directors
Chief Vigilance Officer
Chief General Managers
General Managers
IMAGE
INDIAN BANK MUTUAL FUND
Investor
Products
▼
Loan products
▼
Agriculture
Retail/Personal
▼
Home Loan
Mortgage Loan
Vehicle Loan
Personal Loan
Education Loan
Jewel Loan
Loan/OD/Credit Card against Deposit
Loan / OD against NSC / KVP / Relief bonds of RBI / LIC policies
PM Surya Ghar: Muft Bijli Yojna
Fixed ROI for Retail Loans
Policy on Co-Lending by Banks & NBFCs to Priority Sector
Policy on Co-Lending by Banks & NBFCs to Priority Sector (Hindi)
Interest Subsidy Scheme (ISS) under PMAY – Urban 2.0
MSME
Online Loans
Corporate
Supply Chain Finance
59 Minutes Loans
Deposit products
▼
Savings Bank A/c
Current A/c
Term Deposits
NRI A/cs
Digital Products
▼
Booklet on Digital Products & Services
IndSMART
Internet banking
Indian Bank Digital Currency
WhatsApp Banking
Ind QwikCollect
NETC FASTag
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
National Common Mobility Card (NCMC)
SMS Banking/ Missed Call Service
e – Shopping
Mutual Funds , IPO , Demat & Trading
UPI through USSD (ENG)
UPI through USSD (Hindi)
Point of Sale (PoS)
Merchant UPI QR Code
BHIM Aadhaar Pay
Online Collection Products
Featured Products / Services / Schemes
National Pension System (NPS)
▼
Protean – CRA
▼
Registration
Subscription
CAMS – CRA
▼
Registration
Subscription
Standing Instruction
Rates
▼
Deposit Rates
Lending rates
Service Charges / Forex Rates
Interest Rates for Small Savings Schemes
News
▼
What’s New?
Notifications
Empanelments / Engagements
Amalgamation
Corporate Social Responsiblity
Press Releases
Customer Corner
▼
Remittance To India
Aadhaar enrolment/correction form
Aadhar Enrolment/Correction Form (Hindi)
Procedure on locker / safe deposit of articles
Procedure on Locker/Safe deposit articals (Hindi)
Stamp Charges Details for executing for locker agreement
Covering Letter to be obtained from existing Locker hirers
Model Revised Safe Deposit Locker Agreement
Model Supplementary Safe Deposit Locker Agreement
Coin Vending Machines CVMs)-Locations in Chennai
Indian Bank Trust for Rural Development (IBTRD)
Related Info
▼
F.A.Qs
FAQs  – On Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) – Hindi
Recovery Agents Empanelled/ Engagaed By Bank (Eng and Hindi)
ECS Notice to Customers (pdf)
ECS Notice To Customer (Hindi)
Disclaimer
Security alert (.pdf)
Security Alert (Hindi)
Downloads – Application Forms
Codes/Policy/Disclosures
▼
DRAT & DRT – NODAL & LIAISON OFFICERS
Digital Personal Data Protection Policy (Eng)
Digital Personal Data Protection Policy (HI)
Policy for Social Media
POLICY FOR SOCIAL MEDIA (Hindi)
Rights of Bank’s customers
Dealing Dishonour of Cheques
Deposit Policy
Policy on Green Deposits
Best Practices code of the Bank
Policy on Determining material Subsidiary
Policy on determining material subsidiary (Hindi)
Policy on Determination and disclosure of Material events/ information
Policy on Related Party Transactions
Policy-Guidelines on Empanelment of Valuers
Policy on Appointment of SBAs – year 2023-24 (Domestic & Overseas)
Policy on Appointment of Statutory Branch Auditors 2023-24 and onwards(HI)
Policy on Appointment of Statutory Central Auditors (SCAs) for the year 2023-24- valid up to 2024-25 (English)
Policy on Appointment of Statutory Central Auditors (SCAs) for the year 2023-24- valid up to 2024-25 (Hindi)
Debt Restructuring Mechanism for SMEs
Disclosure relating to Business Coverage under Statutory Branch Audit
Debt Restructuring Mechanism for SMEs (Hindi)
Base I-II Disclosures
BASEL I – II DISCLOSURE (Hindi)
Customer Centric Services
Debt Restructing Mechanism for SMES
Debt Restructuring Mechanism for MSME – SMEs (Hindi)
Fair Lending Practices Code
Fair Lending Practices Code (Hindi)
Processing Fees/Charges for Loan Products
Processing Charges in Agri Term Loans , JL(Ag), SHG Loan & JL(NP)
Processing charges in Agri Term Loan JL AG SHG LOAN & JL NP (Hindi)
Processing Charges of SME Products
DISPLAY OF INFORMATION – SECURED ASSETS POSSESSED UNDER THE SARFAESI ACT 2002
PRIVACY POLICY for  Bhim Aadhaar Pay
Privacy Policy for SoftPoS
Policy on Safe deposit Locker
Policy and Circular on Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace
Agreement details with Media Co.
Charters/Schemes
▼
Banking Ombudsman 2021 (ENG)
Banking Ombudsman 2021 (HINDI)
Services rendered free of charge
Welfare of Minorities
Whistle Blower Policy
Centralized Pension Processing Centre
Another Option for Pension
CITIZENS’ CHARTER
CITIZEN’S CHARTER (Hindi)
INDIAN BANK MUTUAL FUND
INDIAN BANK MUTUAL FUND (Hindi)
Customer Corner
▼
Lodge a Complaint
▼
Unauthorized Electronic Banking Transaction (UEBT)
Customer Complaints / Awareness
Customer Feedback
Nodal Officers- Customer service
Nodal Officers – Banking Ombudsman scheme, 2021
Designated Authority for Whistle Blower Complaints
Process For Claiming Unclaimed Deposit Transferred To DEAF
ADVOCATE EMPANELMENT
Electronic BG – Beneficiary Video
Electronic BG – Applicant Video
Death Claim Settlement
Application Downloads
IND NAVYA
Corporate Blog
Useful Links
▼
Services
▼
Credit Cards
ATM / Debit Cards
Bancassurance
Doorstep Banking
e Payment of Direct Taxes
e Payment of Indirect Taxes
Debenture Trustee
Re-KYC ( based on declaration)
Bharat Aadhaar Seeding Enabler
Online Services
Security
External Sites
Related Sites
▼
Rajbhasha
Indbank Merchant Banking – Online Share trading
Colombo Branch
Jaffna Branch
Indian Bank, IFSC Banking Unit, GIFT City
IMAGE
National Agencies
▼
Reserve Bank Of India
NABARD
Deposit Insurance & Credit Guarantee  Corp..
Life Insurance Corporation of India
Small Farmers’ Agri-Business Consortium
RBI Monetory Museum Bank Notes and Security Features
RRBs sponsored by Indian Bank
▼
Tamil Nadu Grama Bank
Saptagiri Grameena Bank
Puduvai Bharathiar Grama Bank
Alliances
▼
United India Insurance Company
Positive Pay System (PPS)
Helpline for Women in Distress – 7827170170
Contacts
▼
Request a Call Back
Quick Contact
Email IDs
▼
Head Office Departments
IMAGE
Foreign Branches
E Confirmation of Bank Guarantee
Apply Online