Digi Yatra Privacy Policy
Effective as of 27 October 2024
Privacy Policy
Previous Privacy Policies
Privacy Policy
1
About Digi Yatra Foundation (DYF)
2
Introduction
3
Scope
4
Objective
5
Brief Yet Important Note
6
Information shared by Users
7
Data Processing for a Minor (less than 18Y of age)
8
Data Storage and Processing
9
Your Personal Data Rights and Controls
10
Data Sharing
11
Technical and Organizational Measures
12
Retention of Personal Data
13
Links to other websites and/or applications
14
Changes to privacy policy
15
Jurisdiction
1. About Digi Yatra Foundation (DYF)
DYF is a not-for-profit company incorporated under Section 8 of the Companies
Act 2013, for the implementation of a digital ecosystem i.e., Digi Yatra Central Ecosystem
(“DYCE”)
aimed at streamlining air travel pursuant to and in accordance
with the Digi Yatra Policy issued by Ministry of Civil Aviation
(MoCA)
(link here)
DYF has developed the Digi Yatra Application and DYCE platform, which provides a
unique and memorable digital travel experience for air travellers (passengers/users) using
real time selfie-based facial biometric validation
The DYCE uses the concept of Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI) to enable the
creation of digital Verifiable Credentials (VC) and allow sharing of these verifiable
credentials for identity and travel for the purpose of achieving a seamless, hassle-free
travel at airports in India using a single token face biometric, decentralised identifiers
(“DIDs”)
and the created verifiable credentials (VCs).
DYF is committed to protecting user privacy by adhering to SSI
principles which empower users with control over their personal data, ensuring that their
information is secure, private, and used only for the intended purposes. These principles
ensure that users can manage their digital identities with greater autonomy and confidence,
aligning with the highest standards of data protection and privacy.
2. Introduction
Digi Yatra (“Digi Yatra”, “Digi Yatra App”, “DY”, “DYF”, “DYCE”, “our”, “we”, or
“us”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting the Personal Data we process
about you. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) helps explain our practices with respect to the
Personal Data processed about users to create and Save Verified Credentials on their devices
using Digi Yatra Application; Policy also explains our practices with respect to sharing of
Verified Credentials with Airport Verifiers to facilitate seamless access of airport touch
points using your face and / or Boarding Pass. This policy also covers information on the
grounds of processing personal Data, Rights of an individual and our approach to security of
your personal data.
If you have any questions about this policy or on processing of your
Personal Data, please see
section 9
for information on how to contact
us.
3. Scope
The Privacy Policy applies to Digi Yatra (“Digi Yatra”, “Digi
Yatra App”, “DY”, “DYF”, “DYCE”, “our”, “we”, or “us”), any third-party agents or partners
we may work with to provide our services, ensuring that all data is handled in accordance
with the standards outlined herein for the purposes of this privacy policy, agents may
include third-party service providers and outsourced entities.
4. Objective
The objectives of DYF’s Privacy Policy are:
Protection of User Privacy:
Ensure the protection
of personal data collected from users, adhering to the highest standards of data privacy
and security.
Transparency:
Provide clear and transparent
information about DYF’s data collection, usage, retention, sharing, and deletion
practices.
Collection Limitation:
Limit the collection of
personal data and obtain it by lawful and fairness means, with knowledge of the data
principal
User Control:
Empower users with control over
their personal data by providing them with information to enable them to manage their
digital identities, consent, and preferences.
Compliance:
Comply with applicable data protection
laws and regulations, including the Digital Personal Data Protection Act .
Promote Trust:
Foster trust among users
by demonstrating our commitment to respecting and protecting their privacy.
5. Brief Yet Important Note
Before you read the details, we have summarized few key points below:
Digi Yatra Process
does not create any user
profile
in the backend and has no personally Identifiable information
related to the usage of the application at and individual user level.
This means that we can never identify if a particular phone #,
Aadhaar # ever created profile with us or shared their travel details using Digi yatra
Application or travelled through any Digi Yatra Airports.
Digi Yatra Journey is privacy-preserving, with the complete flow
initiating and finishing ONLY on Individual’s phone.
User is always in full control of their data and only shares VC and
Travel details with Origin Airport after giving consent before every travel. Individual
can always decide not to use Digi Yatra and not share their travel details with Airport.
When you interact with us or our team, while sending issues and
queries,
Digi Yatra Foundation does not request for any personal details to be
shared
(Sharing Aadhaar Copies or Aadhaar Numbers over email or any other
mode is a BIG NO!) – we do not need it, as it will not help in resolving issues.
For most scenarios, we would just need User’s name (as saved in the
Digi Yatra App) and the boarding pass QR/Bar Code – that too if required, we will
request you to share with to analyse the issue and help with resolution. This will only
be required if issues are tricky or user specific (e.g., related to name mismatch and
boarding pass not getting uploaded or similar ones).
On such instances if a passenger while providing
feedback or seeking support for any issues or problems faced shares any Personally
Identifiable Information (PII) data such as their Email address, Name, PNR details,
Boarding Pass, Mobile number, etc., they agree to the use of their personal information
(including sensitive personal data) in accordance with this privacy policy.
6. Information shared by Users
To access or use Digi Yatra Application Users provide certain personal
information. DYCE uses this information to enable the functionality on Digi Yatra mobile
application by processing this data to create VC, storing the VC in each user’s Digi Yatra
wallet on their phones. Users, on giving consent can also choose to share VC and Boarding
Pass details with Digi Yatra enabled origin airport
(List of currently Live Airports)
before every
travel. Below is the
explanation of various stages in the Digi Yatra Application with the details of user
information involved and processed:
Personal/Travel Information Processed from Users for App Usage
Information
Stage
Purpose
Storage
Retention
Sharing
Mobile Number
Digi Yatra App – Login
OTP Authentication to Login
Yes, to create access token to authenticate users for
secure access to DYCE services
Till user logs out of Digi Yatra Application
No
Aadhaar ID/ Virtual Aadhaar ID
Digi Yatra App – Onboarding – To create Digi yatra
Verified Credential (VC)
Creation of VC
Yes, it is stored only Locally inside Digi Yatra Wallet
on individual user’s phone. Aadhaar Image is not retained; it is immediately
purged after creation of VC
On User’s phone – till user deletes the VC using
Delete functionality OR Uninstall Digi Yatra Application. Origin Airport –
From the time of sharing to up to 24 hours of flight departure
Yes, on user consent, before every travel, VC is shared
by user with Origin Airport
Facial Image (Selfie captured using User’s phone
camera)
Digi Yatra App – Onboarding – Facial Image (Selfie)
Validation
To match with Aadhaar image and authenticate that
individual creating VC is same as the person initiating the transaction
Yes, Selfie forms the part of VC and is stored on
user’s phone as explained above
Same as explained above for VC
Yes, Same as explained above for VC
Boarding Pass Data – M1 String data
Digi Yatra App – Boarding Pass upload and sharing with
origin Airport.
Used by DYCE, Digi Yatra App, and Airport
DYCE – 14 Days as Transaction log. Digi Yatra App –
Till user decides to delete the BP or uninstall the app
Same as explained above for VC
Yes, with origin Airport along with VC as explained
above.
Grievance Resolution and sharing of Unsolicited Information
Information
Stage
Purpose
Storage
Retention
Sharing
Email ID or any other unsolicited information user
might share with us on email.
Customer Support
For user grievance resolution or capturing customer
feedback for app/service improvement. In most cases, PII is not required to
resolve issues unless specifically requested.
Yes, as part of email or customer support portal.
30 Days
Yes – Our partners for tech support and customer
support teams can have access to this information for issue resolution and
customer interactions.
Feedback on Digi Yatra Application – This is
anonymous feedback with no PII requested by Digi Yatra unless unsolicitedly
shared by the user in the message body.
Feedback submission in Digi Yatra App
Feedback is used to improve Digi Yatra app and
facilities
Yes – In Email
30 Days
Yes, same as above
Social media – No PII is requested by Digi Yatra,
unless unsolicitedly shared by the user in messages.
User interactions with us via public posts or direct
messages on social media channels like X, Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook, or
other public forums.
Social media channels are used to engage with users,
respond to inquiries, and gather feedback for service improvement.
Public interactions are stored according to platform
policies.
NA
NA
User Reviews and Feedback on Play Store and Apple
Store
User reviews, ratings, and feedback provided on Play
Store or Apple Store
Used to monitor user satisfaction and identify areas
for improvement.
Public interactions are stored according to platform
policies.
NA
NA
Data Processed Automatically – OR Derived Data
Information
Stage
Purpose
Storage
Retention
Sharing
IP Address
Automatically during user interactions with DYCE
platform.
To analyse and set firewall rules to allow access only
from Indian IPs and block others (e.g., VPN users).
IP information is anonymized and not linked back to
user details; processed in real-time and logged to review blocked attempts
and help enhance security posture of DYCE.
Few Hours
Yes – Our Partners for Tech Support may have access to
this information for review and analysis.
Backend Logs
At various steps of interaction with DYCE – e.g.,
Onboarding, Aadhaar Validation, Selfie Matching, Boarding Pass Sharing.
To log and monitor processes such as Aadhaar validation
status, Boarding Pass M1 string parsing, and results of facial algorithm
deployed by Digi Yatra (only match score and result without any PII).
Temporarily stored for monitoring and troubleshooting
purposes.
14 Days
Yes – Our Partners for Tech Support may have access to
this information for issue resolution.
Other Data Points – Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Information
Stage
Purpose
Storage
Retention
Sharing
Device Types and OS Version
When user submits feedback on app or play store, Crash
Analytics reports which gives access to anonymous details on crashes and
errors in the Application during usage.
To optimize app performance and ensure compatibility
across devices
Yes – available as reports from App stores dashboards,
Firebase reports.
As Per platform Policy
Yes – Our Partners for Tech Support may have access to
this information for issue resolution.
Anonymous App Data
– Download,
Usage and Application’s geographical availability Data available with
Application stores (Apple and Google)
At various stages of Application from Download till
Uninstall
To track app popularity, analyse visibility, monitor
user engagement, and understand usage patterns.
Yes – Anonymous and Aggregated data as Per Platform
Policy
As per platform policy
Yes – Our Partners for Tech Support may have access to
this information for issue resolution.
7. Data Processing for a Minor (less than 18Y of age)
Digi Yatra application does not allow creation of VC for Minors
(Any individual who is less than 18 years of age) and thus they cannot use Digi yatra
application without Guardian /Adult’s consent. This is enabled by a business rule that
allows Minor profile creation only on those mobile devices where 1 Adult profile is
available.
Once Adult profile is created on a phone, Adult can add and consent
on behalf of Minor to complete onboarding process to create Minor VC and share Boarding
pass M1 string with Origin Airport.
This business rule is implemented by doing age check with the Date
of Birth available in Aadhaar eKYC data.
Thus, DYF does not collect, store, process, or
transfer personal information of a child without consent from the parent or guardian.
8. Data Storage and Processing
Digi Yatra Foundation (DYF) uses Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI)
principles, ensuring that personal information is not stored in any central repository or
database.
In general, personal information collected and processed under this policy is hosted within
India. DYF takes all necessary steps to ensure that the data collected is processed in
compliance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with the requirements applicable to
Indian laws as well as the Digi Yatra Policy issued by the MoCA.
9. Your Personal Data Rights and Controls
Our users have specific rights concerning their data, including the ability to
modify data, withdraw consent, and ensure their grievances are addressed. Below are the
details of these rights and how to exercise them:
Personal Right and Controls
Discription
Data Modification
Our users have the right to review, access, and modify their personal data
(Verifiable Credential and Boarding Pass). In case of changes to the
boarding pass, users can delete the current boarding pass from the Digi
Yatra App and then upload the new boarding pass. In case of updates to the
Aadhaar ID, passenger can delete their current credential from the app and
then create new credentials by authenticating with Aadhaar following the
similar steps as earlier. This may also lead to loss of the user’s previous
travel data present on their device.
Allowing updates in Original Aadhaar or other IDs is not in scope of Digi
Yatra Foundation, if required user can do so by visiting Aadhaar Seva
Kendra; once updated in Aadhaar user should, in DY App delete already stored
VC and complete Aadhaar authentication again to recreate and store with VC
with updated details.
Withdrawal/Revocation or Transfer of Consent
You can opt out of Digi Yatra by deleting your VC and Travel Credentials
data or uninstalling the app. Since all data is stored locally on your
device, this action will permanently erase all Digi Yatra-related data and
cannot be retrieved.
Grievance Redressal
For any questions, complaints, or concerns about the processing of your
personal information or this privacy policy, you can contact the Digi Yatra
Foundation (DYF) at
dataprivacy@DigiYatraFoundation.com
10. Data Sharing
In accordance with this privacy policy and as explained in
section 6
– Information Shared by Users, DYF may share individual”s/users’ personal information with:
DYF employees, advisers, agents and third parties who provide
services on DYF’s behalf insofar as reasonably necessary and in relation to the
fulfilment of the purpose for which the information is sought for.
Service-providers who assist in protecting and securing DYF systems
and provide services to DYF.
Successors or assigns to whom DYF may assign or transfer the
functions in whole or part.
DYF does not store any data in a central repository.
Information from the DYF App present on the user’s device is only shared with explicit
consent and not disclose any personal information to others.
11. Technical and Organizational Measures
DYF ensures security and safety of personal information by adopting reasonable
data protection practices, measures, procedures such as internal policies, periodic security
audits, adherence to code of conduct, data security techniques and privacy principles, data
privacy by design techniques, personal data guidelines and certification mechanism, to also
ensure that the personal information is protected from security breaches. Employees of DYF
responsible for handling Personal Information on behalf of DYF are mandated to follow
ethical code of conduct when processing Personal Information which is considered sensitive
and hence classified as confidential. To prevent unauthorized disclosure or access to
Personal Information, which are compliant with prevailing IT laws and for all the Aadhaar
related transactions, compliant with Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and other
Subsidies, Benefits and Services) Act, 2016, as may be amended from time to time. DYF has
implemented physical and cyber security safeguards. Transmission channels are encrypted, and
access to information is restricted to authorized individuals only on a need-to-know basis
for the fulfilment of objectives set out herein.
Furthermore, to enhance data protection DYF performs a yearly
comprehensive audit and two non-comprehensive audits in a fiscal year.
12. Retention of Personal Data
DYF shall retain any personal information in the
manner and only for a minimum duration of time as may be prescribed under applicable law
and/or to comply with regulatory requirements. In
section 6
– Information Shared by Users we
have detailed out the retention period for each data point.
13. Links to other websites and/or applications
The DYF public website may contain links to other third-party sites
and/or applications. DYF is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of those
third-party websites. DYF is not responsible for protection and privacy of information
shared by users on those third-party applications while accessing them through links from
DYF website and/or application.
14. Changes to privacy policy
DYF reserves the right to change, alter, modify, update or add
terms in this privacy policy when it may deem necessary. Changes to privacy policy will be
updated on the DYF website and application. The changes shall be part of this Policy and
apply from the date of the amendment/alteration/change/modification/addition/update.
15. Jurisdiction
If you choose to use the DYF Platform, your visit and any dispute over privacy
is subject to this privacy policy. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes arising under
this privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of India and the courts of New Delhi,
India shall have exclusive jurisdiction in case of disputes.
Previous Privacy Policies
PrivacyPolicy_Dec22