Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
DIGITAL CAR KEY LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of data we may process when you use our website (“Website”).
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users who access the Website (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller.
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED. WHEN YOU USE THE WEBSITE YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION IN.
2. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are two general categories of information we may process.
1.1 Information you provide us and that relates directly to you We may collect and store any personal information you enter on the website or provide to us in some other manner, including personal information that may be contained in any feedback communication. This includes your name, email address, and other information you decide to submit us. This information is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
1.2 Information that is processed automatically and does not directly identify you When you use the Website, some information about your device and your user behavior may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our legitimate interest in improving our Website and giving our users the best experience. Device identifiers. When you access our Website, we may access or monitor one or more “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your device, which uniquely identifies your device. We may process inter alias the following data:
- IP address.
- Browser type.
- Referring / exit pages.
- Operating system.
Cookies, log file and similar technologies (web beacons, scripts). When you use the Website, we may collect information about how you interact with us as what content you viewed and which areas of the Website you visited.
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access the Website. The text file is then sent back to our server each time you use the Website. This enables us to operate the Website more effectively.
Find out more about the use of cookies on www.cookiecentral.com.
Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the Website. When you use our Website, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the Website, and how you interact with the Website.
3. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal information for the following purposes.
(a) We process information that does not directly identify you to improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our Website as well as to detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, and optimize our Website.
(b) We process information that directly relates to you for the purpose of communication in case you give us a feedback by means of our Website.
(c) We process information that directly relates to you as well as information that does not directly identify you to prevent fraud and spam and to enforce the law.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
4. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share your information obtained via tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Website. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
Please note that we use Google Analytics to analyze certain information about your device and your user activity. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics via installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites/ services. You may visit the Website following the link from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our Website, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed, for example:
- as required by law;
- when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
- if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information;
- with our partners. In some cases, we may share your personal information with our subcontractors or providers of various products/ services for our benefit.
5. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide our Website to Users around the world.
If you are located in the European Union, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that may not have the same data protection laws as in your home jurisdiction. We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information.
In order to make a data transfer more secure we use encryption to protect the privacy of your data in transit.
By using the Website, you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any third country, a territory or one or more specific sectors within that third country, or to the international organization.
6. HOW DO WE STORE YOUR DATA
We cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security and reliability check.
In particular, we recourse to the services of the Advanced Hosting that has adopted technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized/ unlawful processing and accidental loss, destruction or other damage.
To learn more about security standards of Advanced Hosting please consult its Privacy policy.
7. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will generally keep your personal information for as long as we need it for a lawful purpose: to perform the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase it.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period with a purpose of compliance with certain legal obligations (such as taxation, accounting, audit), maintenance of safety and data backup settings or prevention of fraud or other malicious acts.
8. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
- To access your data. You can request a copy of your personal information held by us.
- To change or correct your data. You have the right to ask us to correct, change, update or rectify your data.
- To ask us for retention or deletion of your data. Under certain circumstances you have the right to ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
- To restrict the data processing. Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information.
- To object to data processing. When your personal information is processed automatically you may in some circumstances object to such processing. Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to cease processing your data. You can opt-out of marketing tracking by moving the “Limit Ad Tracking” in the settings on your mobile phone to “on”.
Please bear in mind that the above mentioned rights are not absolute, and we will be entitled to refuse some of your requests where exceptions apply.
We also would like to draw your attention to the fact that in order to process your request we first have to identify you as a user of our Website.
US regional patterns:
Residents of the State of California (USA) have the right to request a list of all third parties to whom our Website disclosed certain personal information (in accordance with the laws of the State of California) in the previous year for the purposes of direct marketing of such third parties. If you are a resident of the State of California and want to receive such a list, please contact us through the email displayed below. When submitting such a request, please include in the text of your appeal the wording “Your rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California”, as well as your name, address, city, state, and zip code. In the text of your request, please provide us with sufficient information so that we can determine if the above requirements of the law apply to your situation. You must confirm that you are a resident of the State of California (USA) and provide the current address in the state of California for our response. Please note that we do not accept calls by phone, mail or facsimile, nor are we responsible for calls that are flagged or misdelivered or that do not contain exhaustive information.
9. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our Website, you can contact us at through the email displayed below.
10. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Website is not intended for children under the age of 18. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under 18. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to the Website. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
11. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
In case we change our Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Please check our Website regularly for any changes.
12. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at support@digitalcarkeyllc.com.