Privacy Policy
General Information
Krzysztof Rózga Mobile Apps ("Krzysztof Rózga", "I") based in Dąbrówka, Poland (EU VAT
        registration no. PL 7792503185) is committed to protect your personal information. The
        purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about company privacy practices.
Personal Information I Collect
I collect personal information only when this information is provided by you (like e-mails or
        letters from you).
How I Use Personal Information
I use your Personal Information to:
prepare personalized offer on your request
provide customer support
inform you about availability of new product features and software updates
How I Share Personal Information
I may disclose your personal information to law enforcement and/or governmental entities in
        case I am required by law to do so. I will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal
        information to unrelated third parties unless I have your permission. If I ever sell my
        company, or participate in a merger or consolidation, and user data is one of the assets
        involved in the sale, your personal information will be part of this sale or transfer.
Retention of Personal Information
I will retain your personal information for as long as this information serve the purpose for
        which it was collected.
Managing Your Personal Information
You’re in control of the data you provide to me. You can delete your personal information by
        submitting a request via email at krzysztof.rozga@feeddesk.co. Please note that deleting your data
        might restrict my ability to provide you service.
Children's Privacy
My website do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally
        identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a
        child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from my
        servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided me
        with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary
        actions. Please note that we may need to verify your identity as a parent or guardian.
Data Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information and I'm committed to use
        commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Please remember that no method of
        transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable,
        and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites. If you follow third-party link, you will be
        directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I
        strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to check this page
        periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
        Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
        krzysztof.rozga@feeddesk.co.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 21, 2023.