SavvySpender App Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
About Us
SavvySpender Limited ("we"/ "us"/ "our")  offers a mobile application designed to assist savvy shoppers in finding bargains and planning their weekly shopping efficiently to maximise savings. Our app allows users to compare prices across various supermarkets, manage in-store shopping lists, and search for retailer discounts ("the Services").
About Our Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and handling your data in an open and transparent manner. This privacy policy ("Policy") outlines your rights concerning the processing of your personal data and the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed when you use the Savvy Spender mobile application ("our App").
We do not target or knowingly collect information from children under 16 years of age.
Controller
For the purposes of this Policy, under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") and other applicable laws, we act as the "controller" of the personal data you provide to us.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and process various types of data for specific purposes:
Information You Give Us:
Your Data: Includes information you provide when using our Site or Services, such as filling in forms or using app features such as adding items to your in-app shopping list. This may include your name, address, email, phone number or age.
Information We Collect About You:
Automatically Collected Information: Each time you use our App, we may automatically collect technical data (like IP addresses, browser types, and login information) and usage data (such as your navigation through our Site/App, products viewed, and interaction details).
Cookies:
Our Site and App may use cookies to enhance your experience and gather statistical information to help improve our services. You can control the use of cookies through your browser settings.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal data lawfully, either where necessary for our contractual obligations, for our legitimate interests, or with your consent. The table below describes how we use your data and our legal bases for processing:
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Legal Basis for Processing
To respond to your queries and provide information about our Services.
Identity, Technical, Usage
Legitimate interests, Performance of a contract
To manage our relationship with you and communicate changes.
Identity
Performance of a contract, Legal obligation, Legitimate interests
To provide information about similar services or promotional offers.
Identity, Usage
Legitimate interests, Consent
To ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or device.
- Identity Data
- Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our App and the Services updated and relevant.  And to develop and grow our business.
To administer and protect our business, our Site, and our App and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
- Identity Data
- Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business and as part of our efforts to keep our App and the Services safe and secure)
To use data analytics to improve or optimise our Site, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
- Technical Data
- Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our App and the Services updated and relevant, to develop and grow our business and inform our marketing strategy).
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and, where applicable, to deliver relevant advertising to you
- Identity Data
- Financial Data
- Usage Dat
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products or Services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
Change of Purpose:
We will only use your personal data for the purposes we collected it for or other compatible purposes. If we need to use your data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the legal basis allowing us to do so.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell your personal data. We may share your data with selected third parties for service performance, analytics, and legal obligations. This includes:
Subsidiaries, business partners, and contractors for service delivery.
Analytics and search engine providers for optimisation.
Legal and regulatory authorities as required.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal data may be transferred outside the EEA for processing by our partners or service providers. We ensure such transfers comply with legal requirements and your data remains protected.
SECURITY MEASURES
We implement appropriate measures to protect your data from unauthorised access or disclosure. Our team is trained in data protection, and we have procedures to address potential data breaches.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND YOUR RIGHTS
You have various rights under data protection laws, including access, correction, erasure, and objection to processing. You can exercise these rights by contacting us.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
We will only send you marketing communications with your consent, and you can opt-out at any time.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Policy periodically. Significant changes will be communicated to you before they take effect.
QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us at:
SavvySpender 24 Loch View, Buncrana Co. Donegal. Email:
office@savvyspender.ie
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe we have not complied with data protection laws.
Effective Date of this Policy: 13th March 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.savvyspender.ie/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy | SavvySpender.ie
top of page
Privacy policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this Website and SavvySpender.ie, the owner and provider of this Website. SavvySpender.ie takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website.
​
This privacy policy should be read alongside, and in addition to, our Terms and Conditions, which can be found at:
https://www.SavvySpender.ie/terms-and-conditions
Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and interpretation
1. In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
collectively all information that you submit to SavvySpender.ie via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Laws;
Cookies
a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below ( Cookies);
Data Protection Laws
any applicable law relating to the processing of personal Data, including but not limited to the Directive 96/46/EC (Data Protection Directive) or the GDPR, and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, for as long as the GDPR is effective in the UK;
​
GDPR
the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679; S
avvySpender.ie we  or us S
avvySpender.ie
EU Cookie Law
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
User or you
any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by SavvySpender.ie and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to SavvySpender.ie and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
the website that you are currently using, http
s
://SavvySpender.ie, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
"including" is understood to mean "including without limitation";
reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
​
Scope of this privacy policy
3. This privacy policy applies only to the actions of SavvySpender.ie and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
4. For purposes of the applicable Data Protection Laws, SavvySpender.ie is the "data controller". This means that SavvySpender.ie determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, your Data is processed.
​
Data collected
5. We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
name;
contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
IP address (automatically collected);
web browser type and version (automatically collected);
a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected);
email address (email subscribers);
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
​
How we collect Data
6. We collect Data in the following ways:
data is given to us by you ;
data is received from other sources; and
data is collected automatically.
Data that is given to us by you
7. SavvySpender.ie will collect your Data in a number of ways, for example:
when you contact us through the Website, by telephone, post, e-mail or through any other means;
when you register with us and set up an account to receive our products/services;
when you complete surveys that we use for research purposes (although you are not obliged to respond to them);
when you enter a competition or promotion through a social media channel;
when you elect to receive marketing communications from us;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
​
Data that is received from third parties
8. SavvySpender.ie will receive Data about you from the following third parties:
Users who sign-up using their Google or Facebook accounts.
Data that is collected automatically
9. To the extent that you access the Website, we will collect your Data automatically, for example:
we automatically collect some information about your visit to the Website. This information helps us to make improvements to Website content and navigation, and includes your IP address, the date, times and frequency with which you access the Website and the way you use and interact with its content.
we will collect your Data automatically via cookies, in line with the cookie settings on your browser. For more information about cookies, and how we use them on the Website, see the section below, headed "Cookies".
Our use of Data
10. Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
improvement of our products / services;
transmission by email of marketing materials that may be of interest to you;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
11. We may use your Data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to do so for our legitimate interests. If you are not satisfied with this, you have the right to object in certain circumstances (see the section headed "Your rights" below).
12. For the delivery of direct marketing to you via e-mail, we'll need your consent, whether via an opt-in or soft-opt-in:
soft opt-in consent is a specific type of consent which applies when you have previously engaged with us (for example, you contact us to ask us for more details about a particular product/service, and we are marketing similar products/services). Under "soft opt-in" consent, we will take your consent as given unless you opt-out.
for other types of e-marketing, we are required to obtain your explicit consent; that is, you need to take positive and affirmative action when consenting by, for example, checking a tick box that we'll provide.
if you are not satisfied about our approach to marketing, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. To find out how to withdraw your consent, see the section headed "Your rights" below.
13. When you register with us and set up an account to receive our services, the legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
14. We may use your Data to show you SavvySpender.ie adverts and other content on other websites. If you do not want us to use your data to show you SavvySpender.ie adverts and other content on other websites, please turn off the relevant cookies (please refer to the section headed "Cookies" below).
​
Who we share Data with
15. We may share your Data with the following groups of people for the following reasons:
our employees, agents and/or professional advisors - to allow forum moderators to moderate discussions;
third party service providers who provide services to us which require the processing of personal data - Google Analytics applied to accounts to collect informaton on how they use SavvySpender.ie with the aim of improving the product/service offered by us.;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Keeping Data secure
16. We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your Data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by a password and a user name that is unique to you.
we store your Data on secure servers.
17. We are certified to ISO 27001. This family of standards helps us manage your Data and keep it secure.
18. Technical and organisational measures include measures to deal with any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or unauthorised access to your Data, please let us know immediately by contacting us via this e-mail address:
office@savvyspender.ie
.
19. If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit
www.getsafeonline.org
. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
​
Data retention
20. Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only hold your Data on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or until you request that the Data be deleted.
21. Even if we delete your Data, it may persist on backup or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Your rights
22. You have the following rights in relation to your Data:
Right to access - the right to request (i) copies of the information we hold about you at any time, or (ii) that we modify, update or delete such information. If we provide you with access to the information we hold about you, we will not charge you for this, unless your request is "manifestly unfounded or excessive." Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request. If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons why.
Right to correct - the right to have your Data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erase - the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.
Right to restrict our use of your Data - the right to "block" us from using your Data or limit the way in which we can use it.
Right to data portability - the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your Data.
Right to object - the right to object to our use of your Data including where we use it for our legitimate interests.
23. To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out above, or withdraw your consent to the processing of your Data (where consent is our legal basis for processing your Data), please contact us via this e-mail address:
office@savvyspender.ie
.
24. If you are not satisfied with the way a complaint you make in relation to your Data is handled by us, you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection authority. For the UK, this is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). The ICO's contact details can be found on their website at
https://ico.org.uk/.
25. It is important that the Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Data changes during the period for which we hold it.
Links to other websites
26. This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and control
27. SavvySpender.ie may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of SavvySpender.ie. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
28. We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
29. In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
​
Cookies
30. This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer.  SavvySpender.ie uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website.     SavvySpender.ie has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
31. All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
32. Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling SavvySpender.ie to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
33. This Website may place the following Cookies:
​
Type of Cookie
​
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
​
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
​
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
34. You can find a list of Cookies that we use in the Cookies Schedule.
35. You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
36. You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
37. It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
38. For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable them, please refer to aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer.
General
39. You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
40. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.
41. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
42. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Changes to this privacy policy
43. SavvySpender.ie reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
You can contact SavvySpender.ie by email at office@savvyspender.ie.
Attribution
44. This privacy policy was created using a template document from
Rocket Lawyer
(
https://www.rocketlawyer.com/gb/en).
13 April 2020
​
Cookies
Below is a list of the cookies that we use. We have tried to ensure this is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know.
​
Strictly necessary
We use the following strictly necessary cookies:
Description of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly necessary
We use this session cookie to remember you and maintain your session whilst you are using our website
​
Analytical/performance
We use the following analytical/performance cookies:
Description of Cookie
Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel, Wix.com t
o help us improve our website and overall offering.
Functionality
We use the following functionality cookies:
Google Analytics, Wix.com
​
Purpose
We use this cookie to identify your computer and analyse traffic patterns on our website
Targeting
We use the following targeting cookies:
Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel.
We may from time to time use this cookie to enable us to show you adverts while you are browsing our website and other websites on the internet.
bottom of page