Privacy Policy
Arctec, the creators of the Vincent app, provides this service as
            a Freemium app. This SERVICE comes at no expense and is intended for use as
            is.
The aim of this page is to educate visitors about our
            practices related to the gathering, application, and dissemination of Personal
            Information for anyone who opts to use our Service.
By deciding to use our Service, you accept the
            gathering and application of data in accordance with this
            policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
            utilized for offering and enhancing the Service. We will neither use nor share your information with
            anyone, except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terminologies employed in this Privacy Policy hold the same meanings
            as in our Terms and Conditions, which can be accessed at
            Vincent, unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
Data Gathering and Application
To provide a superior experience, during your use of our Service, we
            might require you to give us with specific personally
            identifiable details, including but not restricted to Phone Number. The details that
            we request will be retained by us and applied as stated in this Privacy Policy.
The app employs third-party services that may accumulate
                data used to identify you.
Refer to the Privacy Policy of third-party service providers used
                by the app
Google
                        Play
                        Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
OpenAI API
RevenueCat
Log Information
We want to let you know that whenever you
            utilize our Service, in case of an application error
            we gather data and details (via third-party
            products) on your phone known as Log Information. This Log Information may
            include details such as your device Internet Protocol
            (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
            layout of the app when using our Service,
            the time and date of your Service usage, and other
            statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are data files with a minimal amount of data that are
            typically used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are transmitted
            to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
            saved on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. Nonetheless,
            the app may implement third-party code and libraries that employ
            “cookies” to gather data and boost their services.
            You have the freedom to either accept or reject these cookies
            and know when a cookie is being dispatched to your device. If you
            opt to refuse our cookies, you might not be able to utilize some
            portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may collaborate with third-party companies and
            individuals for the following purposes:
To simplify our Service;
To offer the Service on our behalf;
To execute Service-related services; or
To assist us in determining how our Service is utilized.
We wish to notify users of this Service
            that these third parties have access to their Personal
            Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
            them on our behalf. However, they are obligated to
            neither disclose nor use the data for any other intention.
Data Security
We value your trust in giving us your
            Personal Information, hence we are endeavoring to use commercially
            acceptable means of safeguarding it. But bear in mind that no transmission method over the internet, or
            electronic
            storage method is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
            assure its absolute security.
Links to Other Websites
This Service might contain links to other websites. If you tap on
            a third-party link, you will be navigated to that site. Note
            that these external sites are not operated by us.
            Therefore, we strongly recommend you to review the
            Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
            no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
            data protection policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
            services.
Children’s Data Protection
These Services do not target anyone under the age of 13.
                We do not intentionally gather personally
                identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the event
                we discover that a child under 13 has supplied
                us with personal data, we promptly
                delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
                and you are aware that your child has given us with
                personal data, please contact us so that
                we will be able to take necessary steps.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
            time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
            periodically for any changes. We will
            notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
            this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-07-30
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
            Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at vincent@arctec.app.
ARCTEC YAZILIM TEKNOLOJİLERİ LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ