Privacy Policy
General
This policy describes how Mad Brain Games Ltd. and, its other group companies (collectively described as “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third-party marketing
and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you use our “Services,” which means our games, products, services, content, our websites, such as Braingames.net and others, and whether such Services are received through your mobile device, one of our website or on other platforms such as Facebook. It describes how we collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information when providing these Services to you, and your rights and choices concerning your information.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not play our games or use our other Services.
We’ll collect and store any information that you provide to us, including when you create your account or a player profile.
Information Shared With Us Directly
When you use our Services, you may give us information directly (like when you’re setting up your account), and we’ll store that information on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Some games or parts of our Services may use a more traditional registration or account set-up process where you may be asked to give us information like: your first and last name; your username; your gender; your age or birthday; your e-mail address; a password; and/or other information that helps us make sure it’s you accessing your account or helps us improve our Services.
We may also let you create a player profile that other players can see. Your player profile may include information like: your profile photo; your first and last name; your game username; your gender; your biographic details (like your age or age range); the approximate physical location information that you provide; links to your profiles on various social networks; details about the games you play; and/or a player ID that is created by us and used to identify your game account.
If you give us your mobile telephone number (including for SMS text messaging services), we will also collect and store that number.
When you use our Services, we’ll collect information about the ways in which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how long you play our games, use the different game features and the other players you interact with, purchases you make, progress or levels you achieve, and other gameplay activities.
If you choose to use communication features in our Services that allow you to communicate or share information with other players, then we’ll collect and store such information. This includes: your participation in player forums and message boards; your public posts or comments on other players’ profiles or gameboards; your non-public messages or invitations (including gifts, promotional tickets and requests) to other players. This is collected and stored either directly through our websites or through in-game mechanisms; your chats with other players (whether by instant message, live chat, or video); and/or your posted photos, drawings, or other user-generated content.
We may access in real-time, record, and/or store archives of these communications, comments, photos, drawings, and other user-generated content on our servers to protect the safety and well-being and ensure a safe and appropriate environment for our players; to protect our rights and property in connection with our Services; to conduct
research; to operate, improve, personalize, and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver advertising. Where required by law, we will seek your consent for this.
If you purchase in-game virtual currency or items in our games, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address, and financial information. Our payment processors do not share your financial information, like credit card numbers, with us but they may share non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, billing address, and the items purchased.
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your player ID number. We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Service team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
For example, we may collect and store some or all of the following information from the provider of the connected third-party application: your first and last name; your profile picture or its URL; your user identification number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo; your friends’ user ID numbers and other public data; the e-mail address you provided to that third-party application; your approximate physical location and that of the devices you use to access our Services; your gender; your birthday, age, and/or age range; information about your activities on or through the connected third-party pplication; other publicly-available information on the third-party application; and/or any other information that you or the provider of the third-party application share with us.
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy. If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more about their privacy practices.
Cookies
We, our service providers, and our business partners use these cookies and other similar technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including: IP address; the type of computer or mobile device you are using; platform type (like Apple iOS or Android); your operating system version; your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Apple Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or Android Advertising ID (AAID); application performance and de-bugging information; your browser type and language; referring and exit pages, and URLs; the number of clicks on an app feature or web page; the amount of time spent on an app feature or web page; domain names; landing pages; pages viewed and the order of those pages; and/or game state and the date and time of activity on our Services. In some cases, we will cross-reference the above information with your player ID.
If you play our games on a mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers (described above), we may also collect: the name you have associated with your device; your country; your telephone number (if you provide it); your specific geolocation (with your permission); your mobile contacts (with your permission); and/or information about the games and other third-party apps you have on your device.
Purposes of collecting information
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide you with the Services you request from us and to improve your gaming experience, but there are other uses as well, such as: to improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences; to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games; to identify and suggest connections with other players and personalize our Services to you; to communicate with you about the Services you’re using, including in-game updates, new Services, and promotional offers that we think might be of interest to you; to enable players to communicate with each other; to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries; to protect the safety and well-being of our players; to protect our rights and property in connection with our Services; to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to
enforce our Terms of Service; to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising; to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners; to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and/or to conduct research.
Advertising
We use advertising to enable us to offer some of our games, game features, and other Services for free. These advertisements may include, without limitation, banner ads, full-screen ads, or “offer wall” (offers made by a third party in exchange for in-game benefits). To clarify, proposals on the “offer wall” are made by a third party, not by us, and therefore we are not responsible for the content or services provided by such third parties.
We do not actively share personal information that directly identifies you with third-party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your consent. To enable advertisers, ad networks, and “offer wall” providers to serve you with more relevant ads, they may collect, or we may collect and share with them, the following types of
information when you use our Services: performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement); certain technical information (like IP address, non-persistent
device identifier such as IDFA, and de-identified persistent device identifier such as a hashed Android ID); a unique identifier, such as your player ID; and/or other contextual data about your game play (like your level and session length).
In addition to serving you with relevant ads, the information collected may be used to: measure how effective ads are; offer you targeted advertising (both on and off our Services) in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as
interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising); and/or undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve your experience.
Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time.
Please note that we might send you “push notifications” as well as other notifications and messages to the extent you permit us to do so. If you wish to stop receiving such notifications, you may opt-out through your device settings. Other manners of notifications, advertainments and newsletters sent by us will include customary opt-out mechanisms.
Accessing and Deleting Personal Information Held by
Us
You can request a copy of or deletion of your game account data by sending an email to support@braingames.net.
To review and update personal information associated with your player profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game. Your privacy settings and other access and sharing preferences can also be reviewed and edited through your game application. For deletion requests, we will take reasonable measures to delete your personal information from our records. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it. We will keep certain records (e.g., personal information relating to payments or customer service matters) where we need (and have rights) to, such as for legal or accounting purposes. We’ll also keep information in order to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
Promotions and Competitions
From time to time we may run promotional campaigns or competitions during which we may collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, address, post code, email address or other information or content submitted in order for you to claim a prize. Use of such information shall be made solely in connection with such campaign or competition. Other terms may apply. We may cross-reference information may also be combined with your other account information or other information you provided to us which will be processed, stored and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any problems with the websites, a game or any of our services, please
Contact Us
Our website:
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected, how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy