Privacy policy
Last Updated: April 21, 2021
This Privacy Policy explains the information that Clubber collects when you use its products and services, how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices.
Introduction
Children's Privacy
Data We Collect About You
How We Use Your Data
With Whom We Share Your Data
Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures
Data Retention
Your Privacy Choices
Communications from Us
Protecting Your Information
Your Responsibilities
Third-Party Services
International Data Transfers and Certain User Rights
How to Contact Us
1. Introduction
Who we are and what we do
This Privacy Policy covers Doyleup Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in the Republic of Ireland under company number 680632 (collectively, “Clubber,” “we” “us” or “our”). We provide agency services, video editing services, online video hosting, sharing, editing, selling and related services through our owned-and- operated websites, including Clubber.ie and our branded applications for mobile and connected devices (collectively, the “services”).
Acceptance and Changes
By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service for Clubs and our Terms of Service for Subscribers. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at
https://clubber.ie/privacy
. If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods.
2. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Clubber without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by contacting us at
info@clubbertv.com.
3. Data We Collect About You
We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as "your data" for short.
Account Information
To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password.
Financial Information
To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorised payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e. in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged.
If you are a Club and wish to sell items or earn money from advertising through our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number.
Content
Account holders may create an account and upload content. Your profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your interactions with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," private messages) may be seen by others. For more details, see Section 9.
We may analyse uploaded content using a variety of techniques, including machine- learning algorithms. In doing so, we may derive facial-related information from your content. This information may be used, for example, to locate a face within a frame. We do not collect, use, or store any facial-related information for the purpose of recognising faces outside of the limited services provided by us.
Other Information You May Submit
You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; answering a questionnaire; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user.
Automatically-Collected Information
We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our Cookie Policy in the addendum below.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners).
We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services.
4. How We Use Your Data
We may use your data for the following purposes:
Identification and authentication:
We use your data to verify you when you access your account.
Operating our services:
We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfil orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned.
Communicating with you:
We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry).
Improving our services:
We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyse aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyse a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts).
Customizing your experience:
We use your data to personalise the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices.
Marketing and advertising:
We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites. We may also use your data in delivering third-party advertisements to you. This may include "targeted ads" based upon your activities.
Exercising our rights:
Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service.
Legal compliance:
We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order.
Protecting your information:
Where appropriate, we may anonymise, backup, and delete certain data.
We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above.
Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply:
Performance of a contract;
Legitimate commercial interest;
Compliance with a legal obligation; or
Consent
If you require further information about the balancing test that Clubber has undertaken to justify its reliance on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, see Section 15 for information on how to contact us.
5. With Whom We Share Your Data
We share data with third parties as follows:
As you instruct:
We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access.
With your consent:
We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so.
Authorised vendors:
We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, and shipment vendors.
Advertising:
We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you.
Analytics:
We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services.
Affiliates and advisors:
We may share your data with any group company, and our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered.
Certain legal situations:
We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in Section 6.
Aggregated or anonymized information:
We may publicly disclose non- personal aggregated or anonymised information such as our number of visitors and registered users.
We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share.
Enterprise-Administered Accounts
Where the services are provided to you through another organisation that administers access, that organisation may be able to:
Access information about your account activity;
Delete or limit access to your account or its content; and/or
Change the email address associated with your account.
If you sign up for a Clubber account using an email address belonging to an organisation (i.e. your employer), we may disclose information about your account (such as the primary email address and the account type) to the corresponding organisation. Please contact your organisation’s administrator for further details.
6. Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures
We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("requests") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings.
If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both Irish law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion.
We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help.
We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors along with the data identifying the uploading user.
We may disclose user data in situations involving legal claims against us or one of our users. If you submit a takedown notice, we may share that notice with the affected user. If you challenge such a notice, we may share your response with the complainant.
We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy.
7. Data Retention
We retain your data for as long as you have an account. When you close an account, we will delete its content, excluding its videos, where relevant, that are subject to a licence arrangement under the principal Terms of Service agreement. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics and security purposes); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining data, we will delete or anonymise it.
If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights.
8. Your Privacy Choices
We enable you to make numerous choices about your data:
You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.
You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.
You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us. See Section 10 for more details.
You may limit the use of cookies. See our Cookie Policy for options.
You may close your account.
Users in certain jurisdictions may have additional rights. See Section 14 for more details.
9. Communications from Us
Emails
If you create an account, you may receive commercial emails from us. This includes newsletters and offers. You may always opt out from receiving commercial messages in your account settings. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account).
Mobile Device Communications
We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time.
10. Protecting Your Information
We use physical, technical, and organisational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorised or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account without your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can investigate.
11. Your Responsibilities
You may receive other people's data in using our service. If you receive information from other users, you must comply with all laws, including those concerning privacy, data security, and online marketing.
12. Third-Party Services
We may provide links to online services that we do not own or operate. These services fall outside of this Privacy Policy and we have no control over the data they collect. For example, if you click on an advertisement, you may be taken to the advertiser's website. Once on a third-party site, your data may be collected by others. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such services before using them.
You may use our service through third-party sites and to send you offers. For example, you may watch a video that is embedded on a third-party site or use one of our apps on a third-party platform. This Privacy Policy covers our apps and video players, but does not cover any third-party site or any third-party video player.
13. International Data Transfers and Certain User Rights
Location of Data
Clubber is based in the Republic of Ireland. We provide services globally using computer systems, servers, and databases located in the Republic of Ireland and other countries. When you use our services from outside of the Republic of Ireland, your information may be transferred to and processed in the Republic of Ireland. Please note that Republic of Ireland data and privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Residents of certain countries may be subject to additional protections as set forth in Sections 13.2 and 13.3 below.
GDPR (EEA and UK Users)
This Section 13.2 applies only to natural persons residing in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (for the purpose of this section only, "you" or "your" shall be limited accordingly). It is Clubber's policy to comply with the EEA's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In accordance with the GDPR, we may transfer your personal information from your home country to the Republic of Ireland (or other countries) based upon the following legal bases:
Legitimate business interests: We could not provide our services or comply with our legal obligations without transferring your personal information to the Republic of Ireland.
Our use of standard contractual clauses (also known as "Model Clauses") where appropriate.
You have the right to: opt out of non-essential cookies (see our Cookie Policy); access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; be forgotten; port your data; and withdraw consents. We enable exercise of these rights primarily through our services (which we reserve the right to modify). For example, we allow users to change their information and close their accounts. We also fulfil our obligations in response to direct requests. We will endeavor to process requests within one month. Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to the extent that they would cause us to violate any law or infringe any other person's rights. We reserve the right to request appropriate identification. We will process requests free of charge unless they would impose an unreasonable cost on us.
If you have a request, complaint or inquiry, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the address listed in Section 14. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any issue. You also have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory data protection authority of your jurisdiction.
14. How to Contact Us
For any questions, inquiries, or complaints relating to your privacy, please contact us at:
info@clubbertv.com.
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://clubber.ie/Privacy#2:
Our cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and enable certain features, without these cookies the website would not work properly.
Learn more
Allow cookies
Our cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and enable certain features, without these cookies the website would not work properly.
Learn more
Allow cookies
Insane value for your money.
With
Clubber Annual Pass
you can watch games for less than
€0.10/game
. Sign up and subscribe as the price is not likely to last long.
Subscribe
Buy as gift
Annual Pass
€149.99
/year
GET ACCESS TO
All upcoming live games
More than 1500 games on-demand
16+ GAA competitions
Coming soon
Coming soon
Coming soon