Privacy Policy
MCU
2024-09-05T15:22:29+00:00
The Credit Union fully respects your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website.
Collection and Use of Information.
The Credit Union will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your consent. We will let you know what we intend doing with your information before collecting it, so that you can decide whether or not to furnish that information to us. Any information which is provided by you will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality and in accordance with the terms of the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the Protection of Individuals with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the Free Movement of Such Data, and any implementing and/or amending legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time. If at any time after giving us personal information you decide that you no longer wish us to hold or use this information, or in the case that the information becomes out of date, you are free to notify us, and we will remove or rectify the information within a reasonable time and in accordance with legislative requirements. You acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information relating to you to third parties, for example, in order to conform to any requirements of law or to comply with any legal process, as well as to protect and defend the rights of property of the Credit Union, our licensors and/or our other customers. Telephone calls may be monitored or recorded to ensure that we carry out your instructions correctly and to help improve the quality of our service and in the interests of security.
Use of Technical Information
Cookies are files which are transferred to your computer’s hard disk by a website. Cookies can store information about your preferences and other information which you need when you visit a website. The Credit Union uses cookies to monitor our website traffic, to ensure better service levels and in order to provide you with certain features such as the customised delivery of certain information. To prevent the use of cookies you should activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables a user to deny or accept cookies. Statistical and analytical information collected through the standard operation of our internet servers and logs provides us with general and not individually specific information. The Credit Union will make no attempt to identify individual users, or to associate any technical information collected with any individual user.
Disclaimer
The Credit Union, its directors, employees, affiliates or other representatives, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy policy and your consents. You should be aware that where you link to another website from the Credit Union website that we have no control over that other website. The Credit Union has no responsibility for the privacy practices of other websites.
Amendments
The Credit Union reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, and you should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments.