You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Home
About
Contact
Coins
Download
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 30th December 2024 | version 1.0
Introduction
This Privacy Policy (Policy) applies to MizMiz services (the “App”), which includes mobile applications (Android & iOS) and website (
https://www.mizmiz.com
). This policy outlines our practices regarding the collection, processing, and utilization of personal data pertaining to: (i) current and former users (User/you/your) of the app. The app is developed and managed by Quantum Matrix Technologies Co LLC or one of its affiliates (“Quantum”, “MizMiz”, “we” or “us”).. Commercial Bank of Dubai Building, Al Khabeesi, Dubai, UAE
This Policy has been developed for the purpose of compliance with the Federal Decree-Law No. 45 of 2021 on Personal Data Protection (PDPL).
Without information about you, we may not be able to provide you with the Services or the support you request or require. By using or accessing our App and/or Services, you consent to this Policy and to the data processing purposes and practices stated in it. If you do not agree with the data processing purposes and practices stated in this Policy, you may choose to stop using the app. We periodically update this Policy, and we encourage you to review it time-to-time.
Definitions
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person who determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person who processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
“Automated Decision-Making”
refers to decisions made about individuals solely on the basis of automated means (e.g., algorithms) without significant human involvement
“Data Protection Officer (DPO)”
means the individual, team, or external entity designated to oversee and advise on data protection compliance.
“Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs)”
are a set of contractual provisions approved by a competent authority to ensure appropriate data protection safeguards for international data transfers.
Purpose and Consent
What Personal Information We Collect About You
Information you provide to us directly:
User profile information:
You provide us information when you register to the app, including your name, app login password, date of birth (as proof of age), and email address or phone number (one of them is mandatory).
User generated content:
We process the content that you generate within the app, including photographs, audio, and videos that you create and post, comments, contents that you like, hashtags, caption that you write to your content, and location information that you choose to add in your content.
KYC Related Data:
We collect face data from users to verify their identity. When you provide your face data, it is processed by our third-party verification platform, UQUDO, to match it against your submitted identification documents (e.g., national ID).
Purpose of Face Data Collection:
Identity Verification:
Your face data is used exclusively for identity verification and fraud prevention.
Regulatory Compliance:
We may be required by law to verify your identity under applicable KYC (Know Your Customer) and anti-money laundering regulations.
Sharing of Face Data:
Third-Party Verification Partner (UQUDO):
We share face data solely with UQUDO for the purpose of verifying your identity.
No Other Sharing:
Apart from UQUDO, we do not share your face data with any other third parties unless required by law or regulation.
Retention and Deletion of Face Data:
During Verification:
While your identity is being verified, UQUDO stores your face data on its secure servers. Once verification is complete, UQUDO deletes your face data, including any backups.
Our Storage of Face Data:
After UQUDO completes the verification process, we store your face data in an encrypted format to facilitate secure transactions—such as when you want to fund out.
Retention Period:
We retain this encrypted face data only for as long as your account is active. If you close your account or if we terminate your account, we permanently delete all copies of your face data from our systems and any backups.
Security Measures:
Encryption:
We use industry-standard encryption protocols to store and protect face data on our servers.
Access Controls:
Access to face data is restricted to authorized personnel who need it to fulfill regulatory or security obligations. We continuously monitor and audit such access to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure.
User Rights and Choices:
Deletion Requests:
If you choose to delete your account or request deletion of your face data, we will permanently erase all copies of your face data (including backups) in accordance with our data deletion policy and legal obligations.
Additional Information:
If you need more information on how UQUDO stores and processes your face data, please refer to UQUDO’s Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review their privacy practices to ensure you understand how they handle your personal information.
Information collected automatically:
Technical Information:
We collect technical information associated with your device that you use to access our app, including information related to your browser and operating system, IP address (the Internet address of your computer) unique device identifiers, and other information such as your device type.
Usage Information:
We collect information regarding your use of the app, including how you interact with content we show to you, the advertisements you view, videos you watch, and problems encountered, browsing and search history, the content you like, the content you save to your favorites, other users you follow and how you engage with your followers.
Location Information:
We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your IP address and location information that you choose to add to your content.
Site Preferences and Cookies:
We collect information about your preferences to make your use of the App more productive through the use of cookies. Cookies are intended to make using our App easier by, among other things, saving your preferences for you. For details of how we use cookies for this purpose, please review Section 5 of this Policy.
Information collected from third-party services
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
We collect Personal Data from third party partners who have your consent to provide us with this data, and if you have given us consent to collect such data. We will gather Personal Data from third parties and service providers who you have authorized to collect, process, and share your Personal Data.
We also collect Personal Data from you indirectly, when you provide Personal Data to our authorised partner entities who will then share the Personal Data with us to enable you to access the Services provided through our App.
Information collected in relation to Digital Goods
When You engage with the Digital Goods features on Our platform, We may collect and process the following types of Personal Identifiable Information (PII):
Account Information: Details required for platform registration and interaction, such as Your username, email address, and contact information.
Payment and Transaction Data: Payment method details, transaction metadata (e.g., transaction IDs, timestamps, amounts), and other details related to the purchase or gifting of Digital Goods.
Device and Usage Data: Information about Your device, IP address, and interactions with the platform's Digital Goods features.
Digital Goods Engagement Data: Details of Your purchases, gifts, and other transactions involving Digital Goods.
Legal Basis for Processing
In addition to the consents you provide under Section 2, we rely on one or more of the following legal bases when processing your Personal Data:
Performance of a Contract: Where processing is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you (e.g., providing the core functionalities of the App).
Legitimate Interests: Where processing is required to further our legitimate business interests—such as preventing fraud, improving services, or maintaining security—unless your fundamental rights override those interests.
Compliance with Legal Obligations: Where processing is necessary for us to comply with UAE laws, court orders, or other legal requirements.
Automated Decision-Making
We may deploy automated processes in limited situations (e.g., ranking or personalizing content, detecting spam or suspicious activities). Where such processing has a significant impact on you, you have the right to request additional information about the underlying logic of these decisions and to seek human intervention in any fully automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Financial Data Protections (Digital Goods)
Where we collect or process payment-related information for Digital Goods, we employ recognized payment security standards (such as PCI-DSS, where applicable). If a third-party payment service provider handles your transactions, we ensure they are contractually obligated to protect your data in compliance with UAE regulations and other relevant data protection laws.
Use of Third Parties: Certain payment or payout functionalities, including those related to purchasing Virtual Coins or redeeming rewards, are facilitated by third-party payment service providers. These third parties may request your Personal Data (such as payment details, transaction identifiers, name, and contact information) to process the transaction and comply with their own legal obligations (e.g., anti-money laundering checks).
No Storage of Payment Details: We do not store or process full credit/debit card data or bank account details on our servers. Instead, such information is transmitted directly and securely to the relevant payment processor in compliance with industry standards (e.g., PCI-DSS, if applicable).
Third-Party Policies: Your use of any third-party payment services is subject to their privacy policies, terms, and conditions. We recommend reviewing their policies to understand how they handle and protect your information.
Cross-Border Transfers: In some cases, third-party payment processors or payout services may operate outside your jurisdiction. Where these international transfers occur, we rely on the safeguards described under Section 7 (Storage and International Transfer of Information), such as Standard Contractual Clauses, binding corporate rules, or other lawful transfer mechanisms.
Liability: We disclaim liability for any processing errors, payment delays, or issues arising from third-party systems. However, if you encounter any difficulties or suspect unauthorized transactions, please contact us at
privacy@mizmiz.com
so we can assist in coordinating with the relevant provider.
Data Minimization: We only share the minimum necessary Personal Data with these providers to complete the transaction, verify user identity, or comply with legal obligations.
How we use your information
We use your information to allow you to use its functionalities, improve, support, and administer the app, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, personalize content you see on the app, promote the app, and customize your ad experience. We generally use the information we collect in the following ways:
To provide our services to you.
To improve, personalize and facilitate your use of our services.
To measure, customize, and enhance our services, including the design, content, and functionality of our App, or to track and analyse trends and usage in connection with our Services.
To analyse the use of our services.
To improve our customer service.
With your prior permission, to send periodic emails, news and information, or to conduct surveys and collect feedback, about our services and to communicate with you about updates and new features based on your communication preferences.
To administer our internal information processing and other IT systems.
To maintain back-ups of our databases and to keep the records in accordance with our internal policies and procedures and the applicable law.
To communicate with you, including without limitation, to deliver the information and support your request, including technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages to resolve disputes.
To establish, exercise or defend legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure for the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights, and the legal rights of others.
To comply with our obligations either required by law or by written agreements with third parties.
in order to: (i) protect our rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services; (ii) enforce the terms of our Terms and Conditions or other applicable agreements or policies; (iii) verify your identity (e.g., some of the government-issued identification numbers we collect are used for this purpose); (iv) investigate, detect, and prevent fraud, security breaches, and other potentially prohibited or illegal activities; (v) comply with any applicable law, regulation, or legal process.
Processing of PII in relation to Digital Goods and related Services
Enable Your access to and use of Digital Goods features on the platform.
Facilitate payments and transactions securely and in compliance with applicable regulations.
Prevent fraud, comply with applicable legal obligations, and ensure adherence to UAE financial laws.
Provide You with a seamless, personalized experience while using Our Services.
Public Content & User Interactions
Any content or personal information you choose to share publicly (e.g., posts, public comments) on MizMiz will be visible to other users and may be indexed by third-party search engines. We encourage you to exercise caution when sharing personal information in a public forum. MizMiz is not responsible for how other users may use or share information you make public.
Cookie Policy
This Clause of the Privacy Policy explains what cookies are, what information we collect using cookies and how we use cookies in respect of the App.
What is a cookie?
A ‘cookie’ is a small piece of encrypted text saved on the browser or hard drive in your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are selected pieces of information that websites or mobile applications send to your device or computer’s hard drive, while you are viewing or using our App, as permissioned. It allows us to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the experience of our Services more useful to you. Cookies can be stored for varying lengths of time on your browser or device.
We use both session / transient cookies (which expire once you close your device web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your device until you delete them) to collect information to provide you with a more personalized and interactive experience in using our App and Services. This type of data is collected to make our Services more useful to you and to tailor your experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
How we use cookies:
When you use and access our App, we may place several cookie files on your device’s web browser. We use cookies to enable certain functions of the App, i.e., to provide analytics, to prevent fraudulent or illegal activity, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioural advertising. We also use cookies to enhance your browsing experience by:
Recognizing when you log in and any preferred settings.
Giving you a browsing experience that is unique to you and to serve you content which we believe improves your sites experience.
Analysing how you use our sites helps us to troubleshoot any problems and to monitor our own performance.
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third parties’ cookies to report usage statistics of our sites, deliver advertisements on and through our App, and so on.
Types of cookies we use:
Essential cookies:
These cookies are essential to let you move around the App and use its features. These cookies allow our App to provide Services at your request. We use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Performance cookies:
These cookies may be used to collect information about how you use the App, e.g., what Services you are selecting and if you experience any error messages. They also allow us to update our App to improve performance and tailor it to your preferences. These cookies do not collect any information that could identify you - all the information collected is anonymous.
Functionality cookies:
These cookies are used to remember the choices you make, e.g. your username, log in details and language preferences. They also remember any customizations you make to give you enhanced, more personal features of your digital experience.
Advertising and targeting cookies:
These cookies are used to collect information about your visit to our sites, the content you viewed, browsing habits to deliver adverts which are more relevant to your interest, links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. They also measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
Cookies preferences:
Please note, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer on our app. You may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly. The Company is not responsible and will not be held liable for any loss resulting from your decision or inability to use cookies.
Sharing of your information with Third Parties
We may share your information with other following parties:
To our suppliers or subcontractors as reasonably necessary to provide support for our business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the app is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the Platform.
Our group companies, including our affiliates, for rendering our Services, compliance with applicable laws and improving the quality of our Services.
We may share your information with advertisers and third-party analytics providers to better understand our user base and to improve the relevance of the advertisements you see. This information is shared in a de-identified or aggregated form that does not personally identify you.
Our business partners that run advertising campaigns, contests, special offers, or other events or activities in connection with our Services.
Other users of our app with whom you interact. For example, we may share information when you comment on someone’s content.
Third-Party Service Providers: Partners who assist in processing payments and enabling Digital Goods transactions. These entities are bound by data protection agreements to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws.
Regulatory Authorities: Governmental and financial institutions as required by UAE laws or international obligations.
Public Profiles:
Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in account settings.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of the Company’s assets, financing, acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, any dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, your Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset forming part of our goodwill. If another company acquires us, our business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations held by us regarding your Personal Data, as described in this Policy.
Where we are legally required to do so, to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), or where we find it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved disclose your Personal Data. Additionally, we may disclose your Personal Data to enforce our Terms and Conditions, or to protect our rights, safety, and security, and that of our users, other persons, or the public.
Governmental bodies and regulatory authorities, judicial bodies, our associates, agents, attorneys, or other representatives for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. Such information may be shared even without your prior consent.
We ensure that the processing of Personal Data by third parties are based on a legitimate legal ground and will be performed in accordance with lawful instructions of the Company and in compliance with the PDPL and other legal requirements.
We do not sell, exchange, or give to any other person your Personal Data, whether public or private, for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of providing our Services to you.
Storage and International transfer of Information
Your Personal Data is stored and transferred in compliance with the applicable legislation or regulations of the UAE.
Our customers’ (e.g. merchants, individuals, and indirect beneficiaries) data privacy and protection are of utmost importance to us, and we are committed to ensuring compliance with the relevant data protection laws based on their location, in the UAE or cross-border.
You should be aware that certain third-party service providers, such as payment transaction processors, may be in, or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us.
Some of the international organizations and countries to which your Personal Data may be transferred do not benefit from an appropriate data protection regulatory framework. For such international organizations and countries, we shall transfer your Personal Data, only upon ensuring that a suitable degree of protection is afforded to it through the implementation of the necessary safeguards, such as an adequacy decision by the relevant authority, adequate binding corporate rules or through the inclusion of standard contractual clauses in our agreements with such organizations and countries. We may also transfer your personal data to recipients outside the UAE based on your express consent; or if such transfer is necessary for judicial processes; or if such transfer is necessary for entering into or performing a contract between the Company and you or between the Company and a third party for your interests, or if such transfer is necessary for an act relating to international judicial cooperation; or if the transfer is necessary for protection of public interest. We shall notify you with regards to the specific safeguard we shall adopt in transferring your Personal Data to such an international organization and/or country if you require such data.
If you wish to procure specific information about the third-party service providers with whom your Personal Data has been shared, please contact us at
privacy@mizmiz.com
. If you choose to proceed with a service that requires the involvement of a third-party service provider, then your Personal Data may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies, so you can understand the manner in which your Personal Data will be handled by these providers.
Your Rights in Relation to your Information
You have certain rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you as described below.
For EEA (“European Economic Area”), United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates:
Right to be informed:
You can have clear and concise information about what is done with your personal data and why.
Right of access:
You can access the personal data we hold about you.
Right of data portability:
You may receive the personal data provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and may transmit those data to another controller.
Right of correction:
You can have incorrect personal data updated or deleted.
Right of erasure:
You can have your personal data deleted.
Right to restrict processing:
You may object to the processing of your personal data being carried out based on our legitimate interests or for direct marketing purposes.
Right to object:
You have the right to have a mechanism to opt out of marketing communications at any time.
Right not to be subject to automated decision making: You cannot be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or otherwise significantly affects you.
For Residents of Kuwait:
Right to access:
You can access the personal data we hold about you.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to request us to change or rectify the data or delete it.
Right to erasure/destroy/anonymize:
You have the right to request us to delete your personal data upon the request for consent withdrawal or if the personal data isn’t required anymore to us for services provided by us.
For Residents of Bahrain:
Right to be informed:
You can have clear and concise information about what is done with your personal data and why.
Right to object:
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data If the processing of that data for the specific purpose ceases to exist or where there are reasonable grounds according to which, processing for the specific purpose is likely to cause unwarranted substantial damage.
Right to access:
You can access the personal data we hold about you.
Right to deletion/rectification/blocking:
You have the right to request to rectify, block or erase your personal data when the processing of such data if the data is inaccurate, incomplete, outdated.
Right to not be subjected to automated decision making:
You cannot be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or otherwise significantly affects you.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to request a copy of any and all data collected on them by us in a machine-readable and easy-to-read format.
For Residents of Oman:
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to revoke any consent that we may have obtained from you at any stage of your browsing journey from further processing.
Right to request modification to data collected:
You have the right to request data collected on them by us to be modified, updated, or withheld in case it is incomplete or obsolete.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to request a copy of any and all data collected on them by us in a machine-readable and easy-to-read format.
Right to erasure:
You have the right to request us to delete your personal data.
Right to be notified:
You have the right to be notified of any data breaches or changes to the organization's data collection and storage mechanisms.
For Residents of Qatar:
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to revoke any consent that we may have obtained from you at any stage of your browsing journey from further processing.
Right to object to processing of personal data:
You have the right to object to processing your personal data if such processing isn’t necessary.
Right to omission or erase of personal data:
You have the right to request the erasure or deletion of your personal data if the processing is not necessary or the purpose of the processing ceases to exist.
Right to correction:
You have the right to request corrections to your personal data through a verified request.
Right to access:
You can access the personal data we hold about you.
For Residents of Saudi Arabia:
Right to information:
You have the right to know the exact purpose for which your data is being collected, the methods used for data collection, and whether such data will be shared or sold to
Right to request correction:
You have the right to request the correction of any data that has been collected about you if it is incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated.
Right to request destruction:
You have the right to request the destruction of any data that has been collected about you.
Right to limit/restriction of processing:
You have the right to limit or refuse the processing of your personal information by the organization under specific circumstances.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to obtain your personal data in a clear and readable format and request its transfer to another data controller.
For all other jurisdictions:
If you are a data subject residing outside the territory of the above-mentioned countries, the following rights are generally applicable and can be exercised by you:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
Submission of requests for exercise of rights
We aim to respond to all legitimate requests without undue delay and within 2 calendar months of receipt of any request from you. Occasionally it may take us longer than 2 calendar months, if your request is particularly complex, or if you have made duplicated or numerous requests. In this case, we will notify you of receipt of such request(s) and keep you updated as to the status of progress concerning such request(s).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights mentioned under Clause 8 (Your rights in relation to your Information), please contact us at
privacy@mizmiz.com
. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your entitlement to such rights. This security measure is to ensure that your Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
How long we keep your Information
Your Personal Data will be processed for no period longer than as required by us for the purposes it was collected for, for the purposes of using our services, and for meeting any legal, accounting, reporting, government, regulatory or law enforcement requirements.
Security precautions and measures
We are taking steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will use reasonable measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.
We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
Beta Features and Experimental Tools
From time to time, we may introduce beta, preview, or experimental features or services (“Beta Features”) to enhance our App. These Beta Features:
Purpose:
Are offered purely for testing and feedback; they are not fully developed or guaranteed to be free of errors or vulnerabilities.
Data Handling:
In using Beta Features, you acknowledge that certain Personal Data (e.g., user feedback, usage metrics, crash logs) may be collected to diagnose technical issues and improve the feature’s functionality. This data may be shared with internal teams or trusted third-party developers strictly for debugging or enhancement purposes.
User Responsibility:
While we strive to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Data processed through Beta Features, you understand that these features may not meet the same stability or security standards as our primary Services. We encourage you to report any concerns or anomalies immediately at
privacy@mizmiz.com
Disclaimer:
We do not guarantee ongoing support, performance, or availability of Beta Features, and we reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue them at any time without notice. Your use of Beta Features is at your own risk; we disclaim all liability for issues arising from your participation, as permitted by applicable law.
Personal Information of Children
Our app is not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect any personal information related to children or individuals under the age of 13, nor do we encourage their usage of the website and application.
If we become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has submitted his/her personal information, we reserve the right to promptly delete the information collected from its records. We remain steadfast in our commitment to safeguarding the privacy needs of children and encouraging parents and guardians to actively participate in the online activities and interests of their children.
Amendments to this Policy
From time to time, we may revise, amend, or supplement this Policy to reflect necessary changes in law, our Personal Data collection and usage practices, the features of our offerings, or advances in technology. If any material changes are made to this Policy, the changes may be prominently posted on our App and website. However, the onus is also on you to occasionally familiarize yourself with the contents of this Policy, for your own information.
Changes to this Policy are effective when they are published on our App.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our Policy as outlined above, or if you have any complaints, please contact us at
privacy@mizmiz.com
Continue with Google
Continue with Google
Continue with Apple
or
Login
By continuing with an account located in United Arab Emirates, you agree to our
Terms of Service
and acknowledge that you have read our
Privacy Policy
.