Privacy Policy for AI Image Generator From Text
Last updated: 15 March 2024
We take the privacy of our users is of utmost importance. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information that is collected and recorded by AI Image Generator From Text and how we use it.
Information We Collect
In addition to non-personal information such as device identifiers, analytics logs, and crashlytics data, our AI Image Generator app may collect certain information related to in-app purchases to facilitate transactions and provide a seamless user experience.
Device Identifier: To analyze trends and usage patterns.
Analytics Logs: To identify areas for improvement.
Crashlytics Data: To swiftly address and resolve bugs.
In-App Purchase Data: To process purchase transactions and manage access to premium features.
Please note, all payment transactions are processed through a Apple/Google it self provider and no financial information is stored or processed on our servers.
How We Use Your Information
The information we collect is used in various ways, including:
To improve, personalize, and expand our app.
To understand and analyze how you use our app.
To develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
To facilitate in-app purchases and access to premium features.
To communicate with you, for customer service, and to provide you with updates and other information relating to the app.
To find and prevent fraud.
Please note that your such kind of analytics data can be shared with providers like Apple and Google Inc.
Third Party Access
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 15 March 2024.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at feedback.noble@gmail.com