Home
/
Privacy Policy 2024
Privacy Policy 2024
www.dropdead.world is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK. The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
1. When you order, we need to know your name, address and email address. This allows us to process and fulfil your order. 2. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the order process.
3. When you sign up to our newsletter we will send you the latest news and sales offers from Drop Dead. Emails will be sent on a weekly basis.
4. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive email marketing information from us please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
5. We use your personal information for payment and processing of your order purposes.
6. We may use your contact details to keep you up-dated about promotions or offers that we think will be of interest to you.
7. We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.
8. We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it. In order to maintain the accuracy of our database, you can check, update or remove your personal details by contacting us by email.
9. We do not store your credit card or financial information on our website.
In order to process credit/debit card transactions, the bank or card processing agency may require to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the EEA (European Economic Area). Your information will not be transferred outside the EEA for any other purpose.
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us by email at help@dropdead.co or call 01143210276 us between 09:00 and 17:00 GMT.
Drop Dead Clothing Ltd
Osborn Works
4a Rutland Way
Sheffield
South Yorkshire
S3 8DG
United Kingdom
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://dropdead.world/pages/policy:
WE USE COOKIES
.
Privacy Policy
Manage preferences
Ok
No Thanks
Skip to content
404
The page you are looking for cannot be found.
Back to homepage
Search
x
Protect your package from loss, theft, or damage in transit.
Swap Protect offers package protection that gives you peace of mind:
Coverage against loss, theft, or damage in transit.
Instant resolution of shipping issues with just a few clicks.
Item refund or replacement, pending availability.
24/7 claim support with Swap Protect.
Swap offers tracking services and shipping protection extending coverage to online purchases that are lost or damaged in transit, or stolen immediately after the carrier's proof of delivery where Swap Protect traces the delivery status of the shipment.
With respect to goods purchased on a subscription basis, adding Swap Protect to an initial subscription purchase will automatically add protection to all subsequent purchases of said subscription.
Carbon neutral shipping is offered free of charge by Swap for all protected purchases. Carbon is offset via Swap's partner Tree Nation.