We value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy outlines
      how we collect, use, and protect your information when you use our services. This policy was last reviewed on
Wednesday 27th of March 2024
Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information such as your name, email and location data
      This information is necessary to authenticate you and provide optional location-based notifications and reminders.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information only for the purpose of processing your payment, providing you with our
      services, and improving our services. We may also use your information to communicate with you about our products
      and services, unless you opt-out of such communications. We will not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your
      personal information to any third party unless required by law.
Location Tracking
We may use location tracking technologies to provide location-based services such as notifications/alerts. We
      will obtain your consent before collecting and using your location data, and you can opt-out of location tracking
      at any time by adjusting your device settings.
Protection of Personal Information
We take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure,
      alteration, or destruction. We use industry-standard encryption technologies to ensure the security of your
      payment information during transmission.
Personal Information that We collect
When you use the Grocery Buddy app with location services turned on, it automatically uploads location information to our server, including device information like "OS Name" and "Model".
      You can request us to delete this information at any time and we do not share any information with third parties. In addition, all recorded information will be automatically deleted after a period of nine months.
How do we use your location information
We use your location information to send you and your shared users location based reminders when you're in
      the vicinity of a grocery store
Your rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information
      we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
      If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
      Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information to
      give you the best experience Additionally, please note that your information will be
      transferred outside of Europe, including to servers located in the United States.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on our website, and you will be
      deemed to have accepted the revised privacy policy if you continue to use our services after the effective date of
      the updated policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at
support@grocerybuddy.shop