Privacy policy
Infinite Alchemy - AI Craft
Fiodar Puchkouski built the Infinite Alchemy - AI Craft app. This SERVICE is provided by Fiodar Puchkouski at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
When you use our Services, we can collect ONLY the following information about you:
User ID. Such as screen name, handle, assigned user ID, probabilistic identifier, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account.
Device ID. Such as device-level ID
Product interaction. Such as screen name, handle, assigned user ID, probabilistic identifier, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account.
Performance data. Sach as launch time, hang rate, or energy use.
Crash Data. Such as crash logs.
Log Data: Such as standard log files when you use our Services, which include app version, access times and dates, pages viewed.
AppLovin (third-party) collects next information:
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Link to AppLovin Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Using information
We may use the information to:
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Services;
perform troubleshooting, diagnose or fix technology problems;
enhance the safety and security of the Services;
monitor and analyze trends and usage;
develop and test new features of the Services;
understand your needs and provide services and advertisements that are relevant to you;
Subscription
Our app have an optional subscriptions:
Infinite Craft Alchemy Pro
1 month subscription price is $5.99.
This price is for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.
The purchase will be charged to your iTunes account. Once you're a subscriber, you can manage your subscription from iTunes or on your iOS unit after purchasing it, and you'll also be able to cancel the auto-renewing subscription from there. Deleting the app does not cancel the subscription. You can, however, cancel a subscription even after you've deleted the app. The subscription will auto-renew 24 hours before the subscription period ends, with the same kind of subscription you already bought, to the same price.
You may at any time terminate your membership, in which case your membership will still be valid for the subscription time you have already paid for. Our auto renewable In-app purchase subscriptions can only be cancelled using the App Store cancelation service. If you would like to contact Apple, please use this link https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039. Subscription fees can be found in the mobile applications. We reserve the right to change the subscription fees from time to time.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Security
I value your trust in providing us Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 4. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 4. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
This document was last updated on July 11, 2024
Made on
Tilda