Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how We treat Your personal information that may be processed through the Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App. It describes what data is processed though Our App, or Services, how We may use it and the choices available regarding our use of the information. Please do read this privacy policy, along with Our
terms of use
before using our App or Services. If You do not agree to Our
terms of use
then please do not use Our Services.
In this article
Privacy Policy
The key points are:
Abbreviations used in this privacy policy
Information We may collect and how We use it
Links
How We protect Your information
Your Rights
Retention
Updates to the privacy policy
Who to contact
The key points are:
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. Accordingly, your personal information is only stored locally and it stays on your phone and on your personal cloud back up if you choose to. This means that SPD does not collect or record any data that could link your cycle and fertility information to You.
We merely export anonymised data related to App usage for analytics purpose and to improve Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App.
We have implemented safeguards to protect data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access or use;
By accessing Our Services You acknowledge You have read the privacy policy.
Please do contact Us if You have any questions or comments on the privacy policy. See “Who to contact” below for details.
Abbreviations used in this privacy policy
“App”
means Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App.
“PIN”
means personal identification number, the 4-digit code on the Contact us page of Your App used by Clearblue to access Your results
“Service”
or
“Services”
means any service associated with the Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App, such as the Clearblue® Helpline.
“SPD”
means SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH.
“We”, “Us”
or
“Our”
means SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH, the entity responsible for the processing of Your personal data (the data controller), and associated companies.
“You” “Your”
or
“User”
means any person using the Service.
Information We may collect and how We use it
Personal information is defined in this policy as information that identifies You, may be (reasonably) used to identify You or is considered as personal information under applicable law.
In order to use the functionalities of the Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App, you will need to provide information regarding Your periods and related health information, including: Your cycle and period dates, ovulation test results, pregnancy status, period flow, sex and conceiving methods dates, appetite change, Back pain, breast tenderness, cervical mucus, cramps, cravings, gastrointestinal, Energy, headaches, mood, sex drive, skin condition, cycle length and any other information. SPD does not collect or process personal information related to your use of the Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App. The personal information related to your use of the App is stored locally on the device you chose to install the Clearblue® Period & Cycle Tracker App.
The use of other SPD services such as contacting our HealthLine or accessing additional SPD services, may involve the processing of personal information, all of which are governed by
SPD company’s Privacy Policy
.
SPD may process App usage information in an anonymized form for limited purposes, including to:
Analyze how the App is used so We can identify possible improvements and product development possibilities.
For additional purposes, such as publishing scientific data.
This information does not directly or indirectly identify you and therefore does not qualify as personal information.
We do not intentionally collect or retain personal information about children under the age of 16 years. This App is not intended for children under the age of 16 years.
Links
We may ask You to provide Us with feedback or reviews on other sites. We are not responsible for the content or operation of these other sites. We cannot guarantee the privacy policies of these other sites and We recommend You read them before using.
How We protect Your information
We have in place safeguards to protect information against loss, accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access or use. These are intended to protect the security and integrity of all Our information, including Your information.
Your Rights
You have complete access through the App to modify, delete and receive copies of Your personal information. You can withdraw any consent you have provided to us at any time, but if You do so, some or all functionalities of the App may stop working.
Retention
Personal information related to your use of the App is only retained on Your device and, as such, will be stored until you decide to delete it.
Updates to the privacy policy
This privacy policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices, the App and applicable law. We will post a notice on the App to notify You of significant changes to our privacy policy and indicate when it was most recently updated.
Who to contact
If you have any comments or questions about our privacy practices, this privacy policy or if you wish to report any violations of our policy, please write to SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH., Attention: General Counsel, 47 route de St Georges, 1213 Petit-Lancy, Switzerland, or send an e-mail to SPD:
privacy@spdspark.com
If you have product-related queries
, please contact our
Careline
. Our Careline is operated by SPD Development Company Limited in the UK. The Careline contact details are shown on the website of your country of residence on the
“Contact us” page
.
Effective as of 13 June 2024.