PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated
August 31, 2024
This Privacy Notice for
Pixa
(
"
we
," "
us
," or "
our
"
), describes how and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share (
"
process
"
) your personal information when you use our services (
"
Services
"
), including when you:
Download and use
our mobile application
(
Pixa)
,
or any other application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services.
If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
hello@pixaapp.com
.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our
table of contents
below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about
personal information you disclose to us
.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
Some of the information may be considered
"special" or "sensitive"
in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs.
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we collect any information from third parties?
We do not collect any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about
how we process your information
.
In what situations and with which
parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific
third parties. Learn more about
when and with whom we share your personal information
.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have adequate
organizational
and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorized
third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more about
how we keep your information safe
.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about
your privacy rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by
visiting
hello@pixaapp.com
, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect?
Review the Privacy Notice in full
.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3.
WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
9. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you
register on the Services,
express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
email addresses
usernames
passwords
Sensitive Information.
We do not process sensitive information.
Payment Data.
We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you choose to make purchases, such as your payment instrument number, and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is handled and stored by
RevenueCat
. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here:
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/
.
Application Data.
If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.
We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To save or protect an individual's vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e.
,
legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or
fulfill
our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to
fulfill
our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e.
,
consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about
withdrawing your consent
.
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e.
,
express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e.
,
implied consent). You can
withdraw your consent
at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
For business transactions provided certain conditions are met
If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following
third parties.
We
may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Offer Wall.
Our application(s) may display a third-party hosted
"offer wall."
Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for the acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our application(s) and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will be brought to an external website belonging to other persons and will leave our application(s). A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account with the relevant reward.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to
fulfill
the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).
No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than
the period of time in which users have an account with us
.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or
anonymize
such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of
organizational
and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and
organizational
security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorized
third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Depending on your state of residence in the US or in
some regions, such as
the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, and Canada
, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information.
You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, depending on your country, province, or state of residence.
In some regions (like
the EEA, UK, Switzerland, and Canada
), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section
"
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
"
below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your
Member State data protection authority
or
UK data protection authority
.
If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information,
which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law,
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section
"
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
"
below
.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor,
when applicable law allows,
will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at
hello@pixaapp.com
.
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (
"DNT"
) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for
recognizing
and implementing DNT signals has been
finalized
. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Notice.
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser DNT signals. Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for
recognizing
or
honoring
DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.
9. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
If you are a resident of
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia
, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. More information is provided below.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name
YES
B. Personal information as defined in the California Customer Records statute
Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information
NO
C
. Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law
Gender, age, date of birth, race and ethnicity, national origin, marital status, and other demographic data
NO
D
. Commercial information
Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information
NO
E
. Biometric information
Fingerprints and voiceprints
NO
F
. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, online
behavior
, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements
NO
G
. Geolocation data
Device location
NO
H
. Audio, electronic, sensory, or similar information
Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities
NO
I
. Professional or employment-related information
Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us
NO
J
. Education Information
Student records and directory information
NO
K
. Inferences drawn from collected personal information
Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
NO
L
. Sensitive personal Information
NO
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services or for:
Category A -
As long as the user has an account with us
Sources of Personal Information
Learn more about the sources of personal information we collect in
"
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
"
How We Use and Share Personal Information
Learn about how we use your personal information in the section,
"
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
"
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Learn more about how we disclose personal information to in the section,
"
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
"
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be
"selling"
of your personal information.
We have not disclosed, sold, or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We
will not sell or share personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers.
Your Rights
You have rights under certain US state data protection laws. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
Right to know
whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access
your personal data
Right to correct
inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request
the deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy
of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to non-discrimination
for exercising your rights
Right to opt out
of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising
(or sharing as defined under California’s privacy law)
, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects (
"profiling"
)
Depending upon the state where you live, you may also have the following rights:
Right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including
California's and Delaware's
privacy law)
Right to obtain a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including Oregon’s privacy law)
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California’s privacy law)
Right to opt out of the collection of sensitive data and personal data collected through the operation of a voice or facial recognition feature (as permitted by applicable law, including Florida’s privacy law)
How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise these rights, you can contact us
by visiting
hello@pixaapp.com
,
by emailing us at
hello@pixaapp.com
,
or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.
Under certain US state data protection laws, you can designate an
authorized
agent to make a request on your behalf. We may deny a request from an
authorized
agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly
authorized
to act on your behalf in accordance with applicable laws.
Request Verification
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
If you submit the request through an
authorized
agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your request and the agent will need to provide a written and signed permission from you to submit such request on your behalf.
Appeals
Under certain US state data protection laws, if we decline to take action regarding your request, you may appeal our decision by emailing us at
hello@pixaapp.com
. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general.
California
"Shine The Light"
Law
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the
"Shine The Light"
law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us by using the contact details provided in the section
"
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
"
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated
"Revised"
date at the top of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may
email us at
hello@pixaapp.com or
contact us by post at:
Pixa
Tiundagatan 37
Uppsala
,
Uppsala Län
75230
Sweden
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country
or state of residence in the US
, you may
have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to
withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please
visit:
hello@pixaapp.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍