This License Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by and between Magibook Inc. (“Licensor”) and the user (“Licensee”) of the Magibook e-book app (“the App”). By downloading, installing, or using the App, the Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
GRANT OF LICENSE Licensor grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the App for personal, non-commercial purposes, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The App and all content, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by the Licensor, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
USE OF LICENSED MATERIAL a. The App provides access to books from the public domain and, in the future, licensed books. The Licensee acknowledges that the use of these materials is subject to the respective terms and conditions associated with each work. b. The App uses artificial intelligence to simplify the language of books. The Licensee acknowledges that the simplified language is a derivative work and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the original work.
RESTRICTIONS Licensee shall not: a. Reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on the App, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement. b. Use the App for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of the Licensor. c. Attempt to reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the App.
TERMINATION This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Licensee or Licensor. Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, without notice, for any reason, including but not limited to Licensee’s breach of any term of this Agreement.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES The App is provided “as is” and “as available” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY In no event shall Licensor be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses, resulting from the use or inability to use the App.
GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
By using the Magibook e-book app, the Licensee acknowledges that they have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.