UAE's Best Diet Friendly Meal Plan Brand!
Home
arrow_right_alt
About Us
arrow_right_alt
Lunch & Dinner
arrow_right_alt
Corporate Discount
arrow_right_alt
Teachers Discount
arrow_right_alt
Weekly Menu
arrow_right_alt
Ramadan Meals
arrow_right_alt
Login
Login
Register
Terms & Conditions
chevron_forward
Overview
Meals On Me - MOM refers to the meal plan provider.
Meal Plan as used in this general Terms & Conditions, refers to the main product and service
                            purchased by the customer from MOM; it also refers to the copy provided to customers either
                            by email or online as reference for the meals that they will receive for the duration of
                            their active plan.
Dashboard refers to the online customer portal that allows him / her to manage his / her
                            account and is accessible at www.hellomealsonme.com
Pause days are the number of days a customer can put their meal plan on hold (i.e., for
                            holidays, travel, Ramadan etc.)
Swap is the act of replacing a meal on your menu selected during placing the order or weekly
                            menu selection process.
Cut Off is the set time to finalise any request or changes to the meal plan
Paid Wastage refers to cancelled delivery which is still considered as a paid meal and will
                            no longer be added on the plan.
chevron_forward
Conditions
All customers who have completed their online sign up are deemed to have agreed to these
                            terms and conditions.
MOM reserves the right to send promotional notifications including but not limited to
                            emails, SMS and WhatsApp to all customers unless they have unsubscribed or requested to
                            unsubscribe.
MOM reserves the right to update or amend these Terms & Conditions at any time without prior
                            notice.
MOM reserves the right to refuse customers with any specific diets, allergies and / or any
                            critical medical conditions.
chevron_forward
Online Payment Terms & Conditions
“MEALS ON ME CATERING SERVICES L.L.C"
maintains the website
www.hellomealsonme.com
.
United Arab Emirates is our country of domicile and stipulates that the governing law is the
                            local law. All disputes arising in connection therewith shall be heard only by a court of
                            competent jurisdiction in UAE.
Visa or Master Card debit and credit cards in AED will be accepted for payment.
Any customer using the website who is a minor / under the age of 18 shall not register as a
                            user of the website and shall not transact on or use the website.
Cardholder must retain a copy of transaction records and Merchant policies and rules.
Any bank debit/credit card offers apply automatically when you check out using a dedicated promo code and make the payment with an eligible card. (Eligible cardholders will receive specific communication from their bank through SMS, online pop-ups, or mobile pop-ups regarding the specific promotion period.). Bank offers not applicable for payments made via Google Pay or Apple Pay.
chevron_forward
Delivery
Delivery is to be made on selected delivery days, location and timing, starting from the
                            selected start date for the meal plan by the customer.
The address can be updated or amended through the MOM dashboard up to 48 hours before
                            delivery. If you're unable to update the address on your dashboard, please reach out to our
                            customer support team, who will check the availability of delivery to your alternate address
                            and assist you.
Any last-minute changes are subject to confirmation from the customer support team
                            considering the possibilities of the change.
If you are not available to receive your order and request the delivery to be left outside
                            the door for collection, MOM cannot be held responsible for any missing items or damages to
                            the food inside (this includes spoilage).
During the commencement of delivery, if you fail to respond to the logistics team within 10
                            minutes, delivery will be cancelled, meals will be taken back, and no credit point/extension
                            of the meal plan will be added for the missed meal delivery.
chevron_forward
Food Storage, Consumption, Reheating and
                                Labels
Upon receiving delivery, all food should be kept refrigerated between 1°C - 4°C. Follow
                            reheating instructions on label.
All meals are labelled with the following: meal name, cuisine type and last consumption
                            date.
MOM is not liable for any incident with the food and is not responsible for the food
                            handling after the food has been delivered to the customer.
Please note that our food offerings are designed for individuals aged 18 years and older
                            without any conditions.
chevron_forward
Pause, Swap, Substitutes and Other Meal
                                Plan Changes
All freeze (pause) requests and meal swap must be made 2 business days in advance by
                            contacting customer support team or through the dashboard.
All meal plans can be paused for a maximum of 15 days from the MOM dashboard (unless
                            otherwise specified in the Terms & Conditions for an availed promotion). Should the pause
                            exceed the allowable duration the customer might forfeit the remainder of the plan.
Any pause requests submitted with less than 2 business days’ notice will not be carried
                            forward, these days will count towards your total plan days, but no delivery will be made.
Pause for a single day resulting extension of meal plan is available for any delivery which
                            is scheduled after 48 hours.
Other change requests, such as removing additional dislikes, adding preferences, etc., will
                            be applied to the customer’s plan after 3 business days.
chevron_forward
Dislike, Allergies, Preferences and Medical
                                Conditions
Meal may be prepared according to declared dislikes, allergies and preferences of the
                            customer only. MOM will not take any liability for adverse reactions to any food consumed
                            with a dislike or allergen not stated while placing the order under allergy comment section.
                            It is advised to disclose all dislikes and allergens before starting the plan.
MOM is not responsible for any dislikes, allergies or nutritional value changes when items
                            are changed using the substitute menu by the customer. Customers can refer to symbols and
                            ingredients provided on the substitute menu.
The MOM central kitchen does not have a dedicated gluten free section. However, the whole
                            team is well trained to ensure separation of any ingredients containing gluten from the
                            meals for gluten intolerant and celiac customers to reduce risks.
chevron_forward
Payment Confirmations
Once payment is made, confirmation will be sent to the customer via email within 24 hours of
                            receipt of payment.
Delivery/Shipping Policy: Delivery is free in most parts of Dubai. However, delivery charges
                            may apply, and meal plan prices may vary in some areas of Dubai and delivery to other
                            Emirates. Please contact customer support team for more information.
chevron_forward
Cancellation and Refund
MOM encourages all customers to fully commit to their plan as scheduled. Any issue that
                            could hinder results and overall satisfaction must be brought to the Customer Support Team’s
                            attention for an immediate and appropriate solution.
Should there be a request to cancel plan, it will take effect in 3 business days or as an
                            online credit to MOM.
Customer can cancel their order 48 hours before delivery; refunds will be made back to the
                            payment source initially used by the customer. Please allow up to 5 - 7 working or business
                            days for the refund transfer to be completed once the refund is confirmed by the customer
                            support team.
Cancellation refund is only available under extenuating circumstance and upon approval.
Refunds will only be made through the original mode of payment.
chevron_forward
Privacy
Customer acknowledges that MOM has the right to store personal information, which may be
                            used to operate, provide products and services, and respond to queries the customer may have
                            during and after their meal plan subscription.
MOM shares delivery information of the customer with our third-party logistics provider. Our
                            logistics services provider is obligated to protect customer information and will not use it
                            for any promotion or marketing purposes.
All incoming/outgoing voice calls & messages may be recorded for internal quality and
                            training purposes
All credit/debit card details and personal information will NOT be stored, sold, shared,
                            rented or leased to any third parties.
The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet
                            certain requirements and standards. Therefore, customers are encouraged to frequently visit
                            these sections to be updated about changes on the website. Modifications will be effective
                            on the day they are posted.
Some of the advertisements you see on the website are selected and delivered by third
                            parties, such as ad networks, advertising agencies, advertisers, and audience segment
                            providers. These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities,
                            either on our website or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other
                            technologies to understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored to
                            your interests. Please remember that we do not have access, or control, over the information
                            these third parties may collect. The information practices of these third parties are not
                            covered by this privacy policy.
chevron_forward
Extra Perks
MOM carries out numerous promotions and offers that enable customers to get meal plans at
                            subsidised rates. Please note that all promotions and offers will be given to customers
                            under a set of terms and conditions which the customers need to fulfil.
MOM reserves the right to update our loyalty program at any time without notice.
chevron_forward
Disputes and Website Terms
United Arab Emirates is our country of domicile
This website is owned and managed by Meals On Me Catering Services L.L.C
Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this website shall be governed and
                            construed in accordance with the laws of UAE.
chevron_forward
MOM Meal Points – Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the MOM Rewards Program! By participating in
                            the MOM Meal Points program, you agree to the following terms and conditions
Earning Meal Points
You will earn 5 Meal Points for every AED 100
                                spent on your meal plan subscription.
Redeeming Meal Points
Meal Points can be redeemed at checkout when
                                placing an order. To redeem your points, simply apply them during the checkout process.
Minimum Points Requirement
You must have at least 50 Meal Points in
                                your account to be eligible for redemption. You can use 36 Meal point at once.
Expiration of Meal Points
Meal Point expires after 90 days from the
                                day it is added to your account. Any unused points will be forfeited after the expiration
                                period.
Exclusions on Combining Offers
Meal Points cannot be combined with
                                other discount offers if the order value is less than AED 1500.
Cancellation Policy
If an order is cancelled, any Meal Points used
                                for that order cannot be credited back to your account.
Meal Points History
You can view your Meal Points balance and
                                transaction history under the MOM Rewards Program section of your account.
Additional Earning Opportunities
You can earn Meal Points not only
                                through purchases but also by referring friends to the service. You get 30 Meal points on
                                successful referral.
By participating in the MOM Rewards Program, you acknowledge and accept these terms
                            and conditions. MOM reserves the right to modify or update these terms at any time.
For any inquiries or assistance, please reach out to our customer service team.
Thank you for being a valued customer!
Contact Us
mail
Drop the mail
info@hellomealsonme.com
call
Lets connect
+971 50 897 3952
location_on
Our address is
Kitchen-4 - 21 St - Al Quoz - Al Quoz Industrial Area 2 -
                            Dubai - United Arab Emirates
phone
Step Into Healthy Eating!
Unlock 15% Off Your First Meal Plan.
Continue With Google
OR
Register With Email
Mr
Ms
+971
Register
Exclusive Deal Just for You! 🎁
Continue With Google
OR
Login With Email
Log In
Unlock Great Meals & Big Savings
Hi there!
Enter Email to
reset your password
Reset Password