Privacy Policy
Gamiverse has built the Badam Satti game as an Ad Supported game. This SERVICE is provided by Gamiverse at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Badam Satti game unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
Our game will be collecting account information, such as your account name, profile pic link and specifically your email address, that is used for keeping track of your score.
The basic information is necessary for us to offer you the services that are requested, and you won't be able to enjoy our services, if you refuse to present information. Profile will guarantee you a much better experience of our game.
The game does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the game
Google Play Services
AdMob
Why We Collect Information About You
To provide our Online Services to you we will use information about you (including Basic Information, Third Party Log In Information, Analytics and User Content) for delivering our Games to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary for us to record your progress and current status within a Game, and to ensure the Games deliver the features promised and function properly, so that you have the best experience when playing our Game.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the game we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the game when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the game may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Data Retention
We will hold your personal information regarding our game on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
You can write to us at support@gamiverse.in if you want us to delete your personal information i.e. (Email, Name & Pic Link) from our servers which you have shared with us by login in through a Third Party Platform such as Facebook / Apple / Google for using our services.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.