Privacy Policy
Overview
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with ePaper.io. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. We reserve the right to modify and update this Policy at any time without notice, any such updates to this Policy will be published it on our website, www.epaper.io
Square1 Software Ltd, company number: 528714 with an address of 151 Thomas Street, Dublin 8, Ireland, the operator of www.epaper.io is a data controller which means we have a responsibility to decide how and when your data is used and to ensure it is used correctly in all situations. We respect the right to personal privacy and our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which came into force across the EU on 25 May 2018.
ePaper.io do not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by "Requesting a demo"). Any information which you provide in this way is used by the ePaper.io only in line for the purposes for which you provided it. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes. By submitting your information to the ePaper.io website, you agree to and accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Your Data
The data (personal information) we keep about our users is limited to all the fields submitted via our online forms. Any information which you provide in this way is used by the ePaper.io only in line for the purposes for which you provided it. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes. By using this website you consent to us collecting and using your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
The personal data we collect from you can include the following: name, email address, telephone number and company name.
We collect your data at the following times: when you request a demo, when you fill out our contact or marketing forms on our website, on social media platforms.
We use your data for communication purposes and to provide our services to you. We also use your data to provide services requested, process request, to conduct customer satisfaction surveys to help improve our products, or to provide you with information on products, services and promotions (which you can opt out of at any time.)
We automatically collect information that is often not personally identifiable, such as the website from which visitors came to our Site, browser type, domain name, referring URL, page views and information relating to the device through which users access the Site. We may combine this information with the Personal Information we have collected about users.
Data Processors
We use third party data processors to collect, export, process and store data on our behalf, which may include Personal Data. The processors we are currently using include: Linode LLC, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.linode.com/privacy; Google Analytics, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.google.com/policies/privacy; Stripe Payments, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://stripe.com/privacy; Mailgun Technologies Inc, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy; Help Scout PBC, USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.helpscout.com/company/legal/privacy/; AutopilotHQ, Inc. USA (Privacy Shield Certified) https://www.autopilothq.com/legal/privacy-policy
Cookies
Through our website, we may collect information about your computer, including your browser type and version and operating system information for system administration. All this information is purely statistical and does not identify any individual. If you do not want to allow access to the cookies on your system then you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, doing so you will not be able to enjoy full use of this site. We may use ‘cookies’ which involve information being stored on your computer browser. Cookies we store only involve a secure ID, and no personal data. Most websites use cookies to improve the overall customer experience and how the website works as well as to provide relevant information to customers at the right time. You can choose to block cookies in your web browser by changing your browser settings. If you choose not to accept cookies this may affect the quality of our visit to site. For more detailed information on cookies, please visit http://AllAboutCookies.org.
We utilise Google Analytics cookies to provide us with information about how our visitors use the website. This assists us in ensuring our website is tailored to the needs of our customers, to provide the best experience possible. Google Analytics cookies do not record specific data about the visitor, such as name, email address, and so on, but rather in an anonymous format - including, but not limited to the number of visitors, and specific pages visited in any session. If you’d like to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics in this manner, for any website you may visit in the future, please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Security
Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our data processors. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
Your Rights
You have a number of rights available to you regarding your personal information and what happens with it. You have the right to: request access to your personal information (a “subject access request”); correct any mistakes on our records; erase or restrict your personal information where they are no longer needed for the purpose for which they were obtained or used; object to our use of personal information based on legitimate business interests, including for profiling and marketing; withdraw consent to the processing of your personal information.
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. We will not hold your Personal Data for any longer than is necessary for functions for our website. We will review our databases on a periodic basis, and shall delete data that is outdated, inaccurate, or no longer necessary. We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. To exercise any of these rights please email us at
hello@epaper.io
Third Party Sites
Our website may contain links to third-party websites. Please note that if you follow a link to any such website, we do not accept any liability or responsibility, because these websites have their own Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policies.