Skip to content
Home
Greystar Privacy
Global Policy
Global Privacy Policy
View Greystar Global Privacy Policy in:
简体中文
|
Nederlands
|
Français
|
Français (Canada)
|
Deutsch
|
日本語で見る
|
Portugues
|
Español
As of July 29th, 2024
Greystar Global Enterprise, LLC and its affiliates (referred to herein as “Greystar”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a consumer or device (“Personal Information”), particularly our consumers or users (referred to as “you” or “your” in this Global Privacy Policy).
This Global Privacy Policy applies to information we process:
through the Greystar websites operated by Greystar and its affiliates;
through other websites and online services, such as the Greystar Living mobile application (“mobile app”) that we own, operate, or make available and that link to this Global Privacy Policy;
when you apply or rent at one of our properties, or through other offline interactions (on-site property visits); and
through other general inquiries we receive (including postal mail, electronic mail, telephone requests, and in person).
If you are an Investor, please visit our
Investor Portal
for more information about how we handle your Personal Information.
If you are a third-party Vendor/Supplier, please visit our
Supplier Websites
for more information about how we handle your Personal Information.
If you are a Job Applicant, please visit our Employee Portal for more information about how we handle your Personal Information.
Collectively, we refer to these websites, online services, property visits and offline interactions as “services.” This Global Privacy Policy describes what Personal Information we process, how and where we process it, why we process it, how and when we share it, business transitions, your privacy preferences and rights, how we secure it, retention, children’s privacy, profiling and automated decision-making, location-specific disclosures, controller and data processors, updates, and contact information.
If you are asked to submit registration details via this site, you may be requested to agree to additional terms regarding our use of your Personal Information, and those additional terms will apply in that context. Any additional terms will be provided for your review at the time of registration.
Depending on where you are located, there may be differences in the types of Personal Information collected, used, and disclosed, or you may have different rights, for details specific to your country/region, please see the Location-Specific Disclosures section.
The Personal Information We Process
How and Where We Process Your Personal Information
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Why We Use Your Personal Information
How and When We Share Your Personal Information
Business Transitions
Your Privacy Preferences and Rights
Securing Information
Retention
Children’s Privacy
Data Transfers – International Users
Profiling and Automated Decision-Making
Location-Specific Disclosures
Controller and Data Processor
Updates to this Global Privacy Policy
Contact Information
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
To provide you services, we process, or you may choose to provide Personal Information that may identify you or relate to you as an individual.
Depending upon the type of relationship you have with Greystar and subject to applicable laws, we may process the Personal Information described in general terms below.
Contact Information such as name, postal address, email address, date of birth, picture, and emergency contact details.
Other Personal Identifiers such as user/account name, Social Security number, taxpayer identification number, driver’s license number, passport number, identity card or student card, and resident identification number.
Financial and Insurance Information such as bank account/credit card number, rent payment details, insurance policy number, credit history, sanctions and Politically Exposed Persons (“PEP”) screening results, and other financial or tax documentation.
Demographic Information such as age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, marital status, sex, veteran or military status, criminal history, in each case subject to applicable laws. In certain jurisdictions, you may also choose to share with us any disabilities or other health-related restrictions so that we can provide you with adequate accommodations.
Commercial Information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, other purchasing histories or tendencies, utility bills, insurance claimant name and contact information, lease information, rental history, rent amount, rental applicant screening information, and information related to your rental such as pet and vehicle information (year, make, model).
App, browser, and device Information such as the device model, software version and other device characteristics, mobile app identifiers such as Session ID and Customer ID, browsing history, search history, internet protocol address, cookie identification number, information regarding consumer’s interaction with a website, and internet postings. For more information, please review the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section.
Sensory data such as pictures, videos, and sounds, including photos when submitting a maintenance request which, if you are using the mobile app, may require you to permit us access to your device’s camera.
Employment or other professional information such as education, employment history, job title, university or school attended, diploma, other CV information, pay history, and income.
Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) such as monitoring and reporting on energy usage both at site levels and within individual tenancies.
Where the Personal Information is considered sensitive or special categories of Personal Information (“Sensitive Personal Information”) under applicable laws, we will follow all applicable requirements with respect to such Sensitive Personal Information.
HOW AND WHERE WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may process Personal Information through the following:
Online Services. We process Personal Information when you interact with our online services which may include, but are not limited to, searching for an apartment, communicating with us or an Artificial Intelligence (AI) chatbot that we provide, applying for a job, posting to social media pages, or participating in a survey.
Mobile Application. We process Personal Information when you use the mobile app which includes creating and updating your account, in providing resident services such as maintenance, and when ensuring the mobile app is performing as expected.
Property Owners. We process Personal Information from the owners of the properties we manage.
Property Visits and Offline Interactions. We process your Personal Information when you visit our properties, attend events hosted at our properties, inquire about housing directly with our properties, complete the rental application and/or in our day to day relationship with you as a tenant.
Other Sites and Third Parties. We may use separate sites and third party service providers for the processing of rental applications and agreements and to assist our residents and service providers with other tasks which are required or helpful to them, such as paying rent online. We also use separate sites for booking corporate or flexible stays. We may also receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us, that website will forward us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested and in accordance with applicable law.
Due Diligence. When you provide services to Greystar as a third-party vendor/contractor, we will process certain information through our discussions with you, from documents that you may deliver to us, and in the ordinary course of our business relationship.
Other Sources. We process Personal Information from other sources, such as public databases or credit agencies.
Where legally required, we will obtain your consent before collecting, processing, or transferring your Personal Information and/or Sensitive Personal Information. Otherwise, we will take your receipt of this policy and your provision of Personal Information as consent.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We may also process “Other Data” that generally does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual. To the extent Other Data reveals your specific identity or relate to an individual, we will treat Other Data as Personal Information. Other Data includes:
Your browser or device. We process certain data through your browser or automatically through your device, such as your operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version, and the name and version of the online services (such as the apps) you are using. We use this data to ensure that the online services function properly.
IP Address. We process your Internet Protocol (IP) address which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are using the Internet. Web servers, the main computers that serve up web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. As permitted under applicable law, Greystar processes IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, gathering and analyzing aggregated information, creating a better experience for users and auditing the use of our sites. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that your session will be logged, but you remain anonymous to us. We may seek to link your IP address to your identity when we feel it is necessary to protect our sites and other users from harm and to prevent criminal misconduct.
Aggregated Data. We may aggregate data that we process, and this aggregated data will not personally identify you or any other user.
Cookies, Pixels, and other similar technologies. We process certain data from cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other technologies (“Cookies”) which are pieces of data stored directly on your device or browser and may, in certain jurisdictions, be considered Personal Information. Cookies may be set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third party cookies for our advertising and marketing efforts, to measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and to compile statistics about usage of the online services. Information about how you interact with our website, including clicks on links, videos, and other features available through our website, may be disclosed to third parties as part of our ordinary course of business. See the section on PROFILING AND AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.
Performance Cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies process is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These work by uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies. If you want to change your cookie preferences, you can do so through your browser settings or by updating your cookie preferences via our cookie banner, where applicable, when you enter any of our websites.
WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
PURPOSE
DESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES
LEGAL BASIS
Engage with prospective residents
The activities associated with this purpose may include providing property tours and contacting prospective residents.
Legitimate interests for leasing an apartment, for example, communication regarding your property preferences.
Applications and Contracts
The activities associated with this purpose may include collecting and processing applications or contracts and communicating with you regarding your application or account. Personal Information will be used to perform credit checks, background checks, or other screenings as necessary for Greystar’s know your customer and anti-money laundering requirements.
Performance of a contract to initiate a lease or an employment relationship.
Legitimate interests for ensuring prospective residents are financially solvent.
Legal obligations, such as sanctions screenings, background checks, anti-money laundering screenings, and identity confirmation.
Exercise of rights in judicial, administrative, or arbitration procedures.
Operations and General Business
The activities associated with this purpose may include processing or communicating with residents about payments, performing debt collection, providing maintenance or other on-site services, and managing the property. Processing this information also helps us better understand how we can help prospective and current residents.
Performance of a contract to fulfill your lease.
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records.
Exercise of rights in judicial, administrative, or arbitration procedures.
Marketing and Surveys
The activities associated with this purpose may include communicating with you about our properties and promotions and conducting resident surveys about your experience.
Consent, such as honoring communication preferences.
Legitimate interests, such as providing advertisements for our similar products and services.
Security and Legal Obligations
The activities associated with this purpose may include detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, as well as ensuring the safety of our residents.
Legitimate interests to protect against malicious activity.
Legal obligations relating to data protection and to report illegal activity and security incidents.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Initiatives
The activities associated with this purpose may include monitoring and reporting on energy usage both at site levels and within individual tenancies.
Legal obligations relating to climate change and carbon reduction initiatives.
Legitimate business in conjunction with ESG initiatives.
HOW AND WHEN WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share Personal Information with the following third parties to provide you services, following a specific request from you, or to fulfill our legal obligations.
Greystar Affiliates. We disclose your Personal Information and Other Data with our affiliated companies as necessary to communicate with you, provide you services, fulfill our contract with you and to accomplish our business purposes.
Service Providers. We disclose Personal Information and Other Data to third parties who perform services such as hosting our websites, providing our information technology systems, supporting outsourcing arrangements, processing payments, conducting research and analytics, providing on-site services, providing benefits, conducting financial, identity and other legal checks and providing professional advice. Some of these service providers may use your Personal Information for their own purposes and legal obligations, and where this is the case, these service providers are therefore considered separate data controllers.
Property Owners. We disclose Personal Information to the Owners of the properties we manage. Owners may use your Personal Information for their own purposes and legal obligations and are therefore considered separate data controllers for multiple processes during your tenancy journey.
Property Managers. We disclose your Personal Information to managers who assist us with the management of your property and/or who may take over management responsibilities from us.
Partners. We disclose Personal Information and Other Data to our advertising partners or to sponsors of events and promotions in which you have expressed interest or for which you have registered.
Government Authorities. We disclose Personal Information and Other Data to government authorities in accordance with applicable laws.
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary to comply with applicable laws, respond to requests or requirements from government authorities, enforce our terms and conditions, or to otherwise protect the rights, property, or safety of Greystar employees, residents and other persons, including exchanging information with third parties for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
BUSINESS TRANSITIONS
If Greystar goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling all or part of its assets, including an individual property, Personal Information may be transferred as part of that transition. By using our websites and providing your Personal Information, you consent to this transfer, provided use of the Personal Information will remain in accordance with the Global Privacy Policy in place at the time of the transfer. If required by law, we will separately notify you of such transfer.
YOUR PRIVACY PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
We provide you with options, information, and choices as required under applicable law to express your preferences.
Email Consent and Opt-out
Each of our commercial emails contain a link with instructions on how to remove yourself from our email list. Please note that if you are a resident of a Greystar property and you use this site and your property site, you will need to opt-out of your property site separately. You will also need to opt-out separately from any third-party sites you have registered with. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we will continue to send you transactional messages. These include answers to your questions. If your request has not been duly answered, or you have further doubts, you can contact us via email on: privacy@greystar.com.
Cookies and Other Data
For information on your choices related to cookies and Other Data, please see the Section on Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies, above.
Access, Change, Delete, Restrict the Use or Object to the Processing of Your Personal Information
You may have the right under applicable privacy laws to request that Greystar inform you as to whether Personal Information relating to you is being processed. Subject to certain exceptions under applicable privacy laws, you may also have the right to submit a request to access, withdraw your consent, change, delete, restrict the use of, or object to the processing of your Personal Information that was previously provided to us. If you wish to exercise your rights, please visit our portals and complete one of the following forms. For your protection, we will verify your identity before fulfilling certain requests. When permitted by law, we may charge an appropriate fee to cover the costs of responding to your request.
If you are a prospective, current or former resident, a current or former team member, an investor, or a job applicant, please submit your request using
this form
or by calling 1-844-795-2806.
If you would like to exercise your right to opt out of the selling or sharing of your information, please submit your request using
this form
.
For all other inquiries, or if you have any questions about the forms or our process, feel free to contact us at privacy@greystar.com or see the Contact Information section below.
SECURING INFORMATION
Greystar takes reasonable technical and organizational measures to safeguard users' Personal Information. While Greystar strives to protect your Personal Information and therein your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online and therefore you must be aware of this risk.
We limit access to Personal Information to those individuals and organizations who we believe reasonably need to receive such information to provide our services or to do their jobs, and we take precautions we deem reasonable to protect the security of users' Personal Information in accordance with applicable law. However, as in many computer systems, internet applications and software programs, unauthorized use, failure of hardware or software, etc. may be injurious to the confidentiality of users' Personal Information notwithstanding the actions we take to prevent this. Because the security of all Personal Information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us, we periodically review and improve our security when new technology becomes available. This includes use of software which encrypts (generally processed at 256 bits) or distorts data submitted to us relating to an online rental application or employment application.
If users have any questions about security, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Information" section.
RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Information for the period we believe reasonable to fulfill the purposes for which we hold it, as outlined in this Global Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the services to you;
whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); and
whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our websites are not directed at children. We do not process or maintain information at our sites from those who are considered children in the jurisdiction in which they reside. We do not permit children under 16 years of age (or such higher age specified by applicable law) to become registered users of our sites. By using any of our sites, you represent that you are not under 16 years of age (or such higher age specified by applicable law). If we detect that you do not meet these age requirements, we may block and/or delete the Personal Information that you provided.
If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child does not meet these age requirements, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Information" section.
DATA TRANSFERS – INTERNATIONAL USERS
Greystar is a global company and as a result, we may, subject to law, transfer Personal Information and Other Data processed in connection with our services, to entities in countries where data protection standards may differ from those in the country where you reside. If you provide Personal Information to us, it may be transferred to and processed in the U.S. and in other countries, such as India. These transfers will comply with the data transfer requirements of applicable laws. Please review the information provided in the section called Location-Specific Disclosures to learn more about data transfers in your jurisdiction.
PROFILING AND AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
In certain circumstances and subject to applicable law, we may use automatic decision-making to evaluate your credit against our required criteria. Except as set out in the section called Location-Specific Disclosures, credit-checking is a mandatory step in our application review process.
In certain circumstances and subject to applicable law, we or our third party service providers will use automated means to conduct sanctions and PEP screenings and in some cases for background checks. This processing is in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate interests and has meaningful human intervention before making final decisions that may impact your application.
Sanctions screening involves comparing applicants against public lists maintained by the US Office of Foreign Asset Control and other lists maintained by other Governments. We do this through a secure online service and the data used to undertake such searches includes your name, date of birth, and nationality. For common names, the system will sometimes return a result known as a “false positive.” A human analyst will then use additional data you provided, such as your address, to make a final decision about the match.
We may also use third parties to serve tailored advertisements that may interest you. To serve these advertisements, those third parties place a cookie or other tracking technology on your browser to profile your access and use of our online services. For more information about Greystar’s use of cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences, see the section on Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies, above. If you would like more information about this practice, please visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/
and
https://youradchoices.com/
.
AI TOOLS
Our website and/or the websites of the properties we manage may offer certain AI tools, which includes any AI chatbots that use Microsoft’s generative pre-trained transformer language models known as GPTs. The AI chatbot does not collect personal information unless you voluntarily input such information. We may use the prompts submitted by users to improve the quality of the AI chatbot responses; however, the prompts used for quality improvement purposes do not identify an individual, unless user voluntarily provided their personal information. Prompts are shared with Microsoft solely to provide the AI chatbot service. The AI chatbot is not used for the purpose of automated decision making.
LOCATION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN US STATES
Some state laws permit residents who provide us with Personal Information to request certain information regarding our disclosure of such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not, currently, disclose such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If we change this policy, we will update this provision and provide instructions on how you may make a request for details.
Some state laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), permit residents to exercise certain rights regarding their Personal Information. Residents of these states can find more information on exercising their rights under these state laws by reading our
US State Law Privacy Notice
.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA
Any transfers of personal information outside your province will comply with applicable privacy legislation including the requirement to use data transfer agreements to provide your information with appropriate protection.
In addition to the rights of access, change, and consent withdrawal described above in “Your Privacy Preferences and Rights” section, Canadian residents have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable data protection authority if they believe that their privacy rights have been violated.
Under certain circumstances, Quebec residents may also have the right to request that we: (i) cease disseminating their personal information; (ii) de-index or re-index a hyperlink attached to their name that provides access to personal information by a technological means; or (iii) that computerized personal information collected from them be communicated to them in a commonly used technological format as well as to any person or body authorized by law to collect such information.
Those seeking additional information on Greystar’s processing of Personal Information are invited to contact:
Canada:
Entity: Greystar Canada Property Management Services Ltd.
Location: Charleston, SC
Registered Office: 465 Meeting Street, Suite 500, Charleston, SC 29403 USA
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
NOTICE TO BRAZILIAN DATA SUBJECTS
When Personal Information is transferred outside Brazil, including to other Greystar entities, we ensure your Personal Information is processed only in countries that provide an adequate level of protection or where the recipient provides appropriate safeguards for such processing. In addition, we guarantee that all the guidelines and standard clauses published by the national authorities will be applicable and duly respected when handling your Personal Information.
Data Controller Corporate Details (including contact details):
Brazil:
Entity: Greystar Brasil Consultoria Imobiliária Ltda.
Location: São Paulo, Brazil
Registered Office: Rua São Bento, 470, 10th floor, São Paulo, Brazil
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
NOTICE TO EU AND UK DATA SUBJECTS
This section of the Global Privacy Policy includes additional provisions for purposes of the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulation and related national legislation (collectively, "GDPR"). For purposes of the GDPR we have designated Greystar Netherlands Cooperatief U.A. as our representative in the EU for services offered in the EU by non-EU Greystar entities and Greystar Europe Holdings Limited as our representative in the UK for services offered in the UK by non-UK Greystar entities.
For users residing in the European Union or United Kingdom, when we transfer your data outside the EU/UK, including to other Greystar entities, we ensure your data is processed only in countries that provide an adequate level of protection for your data or where the recipient provides appropriate safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses or Binding Corporate Rules.
Data Controller Corporate Details (including contact details):
Austria:
Entity: Greystar Austria GmbH
Location: Wien, Austria
Registered Office: c/o TPA Steuerberatung GmbH, Wiedner Gürtel 13, 1100 Wien, Austria
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
Germany:
Entity: Greystar Germany GmbH
Location: Frankfurt, Germany
Registered Office: Grosse Gallusstrasse 16-18 Frankfurt, 60311 Germany
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
France:
Entity: Greystar France SAS
Location: Paris, France
Registered Office: 54 avenue Hoche 75008 Paris
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
Ireland:
Entity: Greystar Ireland Limited
Registered Office: 1st Floor, 118 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
Spain:
Entity: Greystar Spain S.L.U.
Location: Madrid, Spain
Registered Office: Paseo de la Castellana 163, 3º Izda. 28046 Madrid
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
The Netherlands:
Entity: Greystar Netherlands Cooperatief U.A.
Registered Office: New Babylon Gardens, Anna van Buerenplan 48, 2595 DA, The Hague, Netherlands
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
United Kingdom:
Entity: Greystar Europe Holdings Limited
Location: London, United Kingdom
Registered Office: Finsbury Circus House, 15 Finsbury Circus, London, EC2M 7EB
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
EU Supervisory Authorities: Should you have any concerns regarding the processing of your Personal Information, you may contact the national data protection authority in the EU jurisdiction in which you normally access our sites at
https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/items/612080
.
The Supervisory Authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner's Office, whose contact details are available at ico.org.uk.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF INDIA
In accordance with the provisions of the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000, residents of India may request the name and address of any external third parties who may have access to or are retaining Personal Information by making a request to Greystar for such details.
India:
Entity: Greystar India Services Private Limited
Location: Mohali, India
Registered Office: Unit A-711, Tower A, Bestech Business Towers, Sector 66, Mohali - 160059
Contact Point for Data Protection Enquiries: privacy@greystar.com
NOTICE TO MAINLAND CHINA DATA SUBJECTS
Individuals in Mainland China can find more information by reading our
Mainland China Privacy Statement
.
NOTICE TO INDIVIDUALS LOCATED IN AUSTRALIA
This section of the Privacy Statement includes additional provisions for the purposes of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”).
“Personal Information” means information or opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
In addition to the purposes set out above, we may also use or disclose your personal information for any purposes permitted by applicable law.
In the course of our ordinary business operations, we commonly disclose personal information to third parties located in the following countries:
United States of America
United Kingdom
In addition to the “Securing Information” section, we store your personal information electronically, and the steps we take to secure personal information include encryption measures and access controls. Hard copies containing personal information are retained only when deemed essential and are stored in secure environments.
Credit-checking is not a mandatory step in our application review process.
If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of personal information, or if you believe we have not complied with this Privacy Policy or the Privacy Act, please contact us as set out below. Our Privacy Officer will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach has occurred and what action, if any, to take.
Data Privacy Officer
privacy@greystar.com
465 Meeting St., #500
Charleston, SC 29403
If you remain dissatisfied, you can also make a formal complaint with the Officer of the Australian Information Commissioner (which is the regulator responsible for privacy in Australia):
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
Complaints must be made in writing
Director of Compliance
Office of the Australian
Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5288
Sydney NSW 2001
www.oaic.gov.au
For a Phone Enquiry: 1300 363 992
CONTROLLER AND DATA PROCESSOR
In many instances, Greystar acts as a separate Controller (as defined in the GDPR) with property owners, who may also use the Personal Information we process, and this may also be the case when we work with another property manager, or another property manager succeeds us. Owners have the right to use certain Personal Information for their own purposes in accordance with your tenant agreement and in order to comply with their own legal obligations, including maintaining books and records. In other instances, Greystar may be a Processor (as defined in the GDPR) for certain Personal Information, acting on behalf of the owner to manage the property and provide resident services.
UPDATES TO THIS GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to this Global Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting. If we change our Global Privacy Policy, we will advise users of those changes through a general description at the top of this Privacy Policy and may also post these details to other places we deem appropriate. If we are legally permitted to do so, we may also email you.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Global Privacy Policy or have complaints about the processing of the Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@greystar.com.
You may also contact us by postal mail at the following address:
Greystar
Attn.: Data Privacy
465 Meeting St., #500
Charleston, SC 29403
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Essential cookies are always activated since they are essential to provide basic functionalities of the website
Privacy Policy
Customize Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. You may choose which types of cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the website and the services we are able to offer. Essential cookies are always activated since they are essential to provide basic functionalities of the website. ​
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.greystar.com/privacy:
Jump to content
...
Home
...
Greystar Privacy
Global privacy statement
This Global Privacy Statement applies to residents of our communities and users of Greystar's website.
Greystar recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of individuals. Learn more about what personal data we collect, how it is used and how you can exercise your rights by reviewing our Global Privacy Statement.
Read Global Privacy Statement
Additional privacy statements
Investor Privacy Statement
(opens in new window)
This statement applies to individual and institutional investors.
US State Law Privacy Notice
This statement applies to US residents and should be read in combination with the Global Privacy Statement.
Scroll to Top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.greystar.com/privacy/us-state-law-privacy-notice:
Skip to content
GREYSTAR US STATE LAW PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective as of: July 29, 2024
This Greystar US State Law Privacy Statement (this “
Statement
”) applies to “
Consumers
” (referred to as “
you
” or “
your
” in this Statement) as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “
CCPA
”), and all laws implementing, supplementing, or amending applicable state law, including regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, “
U.S. Privacy Laws
”). This Statement is intended to supplement the general privacy policies of Greystar Global Enterprises (“
Greystar
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”), including our Global Privacy Statement. We refer to our websites, online services, property visits and offline interactions as the “
services
.” For more information about how your information is collected, used, stored and disclosed, please refer to the Global Privacy Statement. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Statement shall have the meanings given to them under U.S. Privacy Laws.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“
Personal Information
”). Personal Information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records; or
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
The chart below describes, in the preceding twelve (12) months, the: (i) categories of Personal Information collected; (ii) sources from which we collect that Personal Information; (iii) purpose for which the Personal Information is collected; and (iv) third parties the Personal Information is disclosed to.
CATEGORY
EXAMPLES
SOURCES
BUSINESS PURPOSE
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
You; Your Employer
To provide the services; marketing and authentication.
Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, or telephone number. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
You; Your Employer
To provide the services.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran, or military status.
You; Your Employer
To provide the services.
Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.
You
To provide the services.
Internet or other similar network activity
Information about a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
You
To provide the services, marketing, and support.
Geolocation Information
Information such as your physical location or your IP address.
You
To provide the services, marketing, and support.
Sensory Information
Information such as pictures, videos, and sounds.
You
To provide the services you request.
Education, Professional or employment-related information
Job history, job title, job duties and accomplishments, and other information available on a resume, professional media, or other publicly facing information.
You
To assess your application for job openings and to provide you the services.
Inferences
Information that reflects your preferences and interests.
You
To provide and improve the services and marketing.
Sensitive Personal Information
Social security number, driver’s license, and account log-in and password.
You
To provide the services you request.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
Providing the services.
Engaging with prospective tenants.
Collecting and processing applications or contracts and communicating with you regarding your application or account.
Communicating with you and to respond to questions you send to us.
Advertising and marketing our products and services to you.
Preventing and detecting fraud and otherwise comply with law.
Protecting and enforcing our legal rights.
Helping maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the services, databases, and other technology assets, and business.
Testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve the services.
Responding to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your Personal Information or as otherwise set forth by applicable law.
In evaluating or conducting a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the past 12 months, we’ve disclosed the categories of Personal Information indicated in the chart above for a business purpose or at your direction with our affiliates, service providers, and third parties. For more details on the business purpose(s) for which, and the third parties, we share data with, see the How and When We Share Your Personal Information section in our Global Privacy Statement.
We in the past 12 months disclosed Personal Identifiers, Device Information, Internet/Network Activity with businesses, service providers, and third parties, such as advertising networks, analytics and social media networks for a commercial purpose.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will retain your Personal Information for the period we believe reasonable to fulfill the purposes for which we hold your Personal Information, as outlined in this Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the services to you;
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); and
Whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Right to Limit Sensitive Personal Information Processing
We only process Sensitive Personal Information for purposes permitted under U.S. Privacy Laws.
Right to Opt Out of Sale, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising
Our Site uses cookies and other online tracking technologies that may be considered a “sale,” “sharing” when processed for targeted advertising purposes as defined under applicable law. You may exercise your right to opt out of the “sale,” “sharing,” and of your Personal Information by submitting your request
here
.
Residents of certain states may opt out by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you choose to use the GPC Signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.
Categories of Personal Information disclosed that may be considered “sale,” “sharing,” include Basic Identifying Information, Device Information, and Internet/Network Activity.
Categories of third parties to whom Personal Information is disclosed that may be considered “sale,” “sharing,” include certain advertisers and marketing partners, data analytics providers, and social media networks.
Right to Access, Know, and Correct
Residents of Connecticut, Utah, Oregon, and Montana are entitled to access the Personal Information once every 12-month period. Residents of all other states with applicable U.S. Privacy Laws, including California, Virginia, Colorado, and Texas, are entitled to request access to collected Personal Information twice in a 12-month period. These requests cover what Personal Information was collected and the right to know the business and commercial purpose with which Greystar processed the Personal Information over the past 12 months. Residents also have the right to correct any Personal Information maintained by Greystar that may be incorrect. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information collected about you and the sources from which we collected such information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
Right to Delete
Residents of states with data privacy laws have the right to request that Greystar delete any of Personal Information collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) and as permitted by applicable law. We will delete or deidentify Personal Information not subject to an exception from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your rights described above, please submit a request by either:
If you are a prospective, current or former resident, a current or former team member, an investor, or a job applicant, submitting your request using
this form
or by calling 1-844-795-2806.
If you would like to exercise your right to opt out of the selling or sharing of your information, submitting your request using
this form
.
Only you, a natural person, or an authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
Your request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request. We will only use Personal Information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it.
Right to Appeal
Residents of certain states may have the right to appeal our decision with respect to a request. To appeal a decision, please contact us through the ways listed above or any method outlined in the decision.
Authorized Agents
You may use an authorized agent to make a request for you, subject to our verification of the agent, the agent’s authority, and your identity. If you are using an authorized agent to make a request, you or the agent must submit the following to the email address in the Contact Information section below:
A copy of a power of attorney provided by the consumer pursuant to applicable law; or
Proof of signed permission along with a copy of the agent’s ID and an email directly from the consumer to us confirming that they provided the agent permission to submit the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will acknowledge a verifiable consumer request within ten (10) days of receipt, where applicable law requires, and we will respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not discriminate or retaliate against you in a manner prohibited by applicable U.S. Privacy Laws for exercising any of your rights.
CALIFORNIA SHINE THE LIGHT
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information which includes a list of all third parties to which Greystar has disclosed Personal Information, as defined in California Civil Code Section 1798.83(e) during the preceding year, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year. California residents may request this information in writing by contacting us by email at
privacy@greystar.com
with “California Privacy Request” in the subject line. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response.
UPDATES TO THIS STATEMENT
We reserve the right to amend this Statement at our discretion and at any time. When we change this Statement, we will post the updated notice on the website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under, please contact us at
privacy@greystar.com
:
Greystar
Attn: Data Privacy
465 Meeting St., #500
Charleston, SC 29403
If you need to access this Statement in an alternative format due to having a disability, please use the contact information found above.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.greystar.cn/en/privacy:
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy
Mainland China Privacy Statement
Updated on 2024.12.10
Effective on 2024.12.10
December 2024 Updates:
This notice is for Mainland China residents as required by the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) and is intended to be a supplement to the Greystar
Global Privacy Statement.
For more information about how your information is collected, used, stored and disclosed, please refer to the Global Privacy Statement.
In accordance with the
Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China
,
Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors
and other relevant laws and regulations, this version has been updated. The main revisions focus on the following chapters, ‘How and When We Share Your Personal Information’, ‘Cross-Border Data Transmission’, ‘Children’s Privacy’, etc. This version will inform you more clearly and explicitly of the scenarios, purposes, methods, and scope of our collection of Personal Information, and help you better manage your Personal Information.
This Mainland China Privacy Policy applies to all regions of mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) in addition to the laws of the People's Republic of China.
Greystar Enterprise Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and its affiliates located in mainland China (including but not limited to Shanghai Rongbai Xuyu Industrial Co., Ltd., Shanghai Huakang Real Estate Co., Ltd., etc.) ("Greystar", "we", "us" or "our" in this Mainland China Privacy Policy) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information that identifies, relates to, describes, could reasonably be associated directly or indirectly with consumers or devices, or could reasonably be directly or indirectly associated with a consumer or device ("Personal Information"), especially for our consumers or users (“you” or “your” in this Mainland China Privacy Policy).
This Mainland China Privacy Policy applies to information we process:
through the Greystar websites operated by Greystar and its affiliates; such as the Greystar China website - https://www.greystar.cn/, the Greystar project website - https://livn.greystar.cn/, and the Greystar property website - https://livn.greystar.cn/833, etc.;
through other websites and online services, such as the Greystar LIV’N mobile application (“mobile app”) that we own, operate, or make available and that link to this Mainland China Privacy Policy;
when you visit, apply or rent at one of our properties, or through other offline interactions (on-site property visits); and
through other general inquiries we receive (including postal mail, electronic mail, telephone requests, and in person).
Collectively, we refer to these websites, online services, property visits, and offline interactions as “services.” This Mainland China Privacy Policy describes what Personal Information we process, how and where we process it, why we process it, how and when we share it, business transitions, your privacy preferences and rights, how we secure it, retention, children’s privacy, profiling and automated decision-making, location-specific disclosures, personal information processors, updates, and contact information.
Contents
Consent
The Personal Information We Process
How and Where We Process Your Personal Information
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Why We Use Your Personal Information
How and When We Share Your Personal Information
Cross-Border Data Transmission
Business Transitions
Your Privacy Preferences and Rights
Securing Information
Retention
Children’s Privacy
Profiling and Automated Decision-Making
Updates to this Mainland China Privacy Policy
Contact Information
Consent
Please review this privacy policy before providing your Personal Information. In providing such Personal Information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Mainland China Privacy Policy. We will seek your separate consent where required by law.
The Personal Information We Process
When you use our services, in order to achieve the basic functions of providing you with our services, we need to collect and use your Personal Information, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide it, it will result in the relevant service functions not being realized or the results we intend to achieve cannot be achieved.
Depending upon the type of relationship you have with Greystar and subject to applicable laws, we may process the Personal Information described in general terms below.
Contact Information
such as name, telephone number, postal address, email address, date of birth, and emergency contact details.
Identification information
, such as username/account name, social security number, taxpayer identity number, driver's license number, passport number, ID card or student card number, and resident identification number.
Financial and Insurance Information
such as bank account/credit card number, rent payment details, insurance policy number, credit history, and other financial or tax documentation.
Demographic Information
such as age, race, color, ancestry, nationality, citizenship, marital status, sex, veteran or military status, in each case subject to applicable laws. You may also choose to share with us any disabilities or other health-related restrictions so that we can provide you with adequate accommodations.
Commercial Information
such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, other purchasing histories or tendencies, utility bills, insurance claimant name and contact information, lease information, rental history, rent amount, and information related to your rental such as pet and vehicle information (Year, Brand, Model).
App, browser, and device Information
such as the device model, software version and other device characteristics, mobile app identifiers (such as Session ID and Customer ID), browsing history, search history, internet protocol address, cookie identification number, information regarding consumer’s interaction with a website, and internet postings. For more information,
please review the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section
.
Sensory data
such as surveillance camera data in public areas, facial recognition information, pictures, videos, and sounds, including photos when submitting a maintenance request, may require you to allow us to access your device's camera if you are using a mobile application.
Employment or other professional information
such as education, employment history, job title, university or school attended, diploma, other CV information, pay history, and income.
Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG)
such as monitoring and reporting on energy usage both at site levels and within individual tenancies.
Where the Personal Information is considered sensitive or special categories of Personal Information (“
Sensitive Personal Information
”) under applicable laws, we will follow all applicable requirements with respect to such Sensitive Personal Information.
How and Where We Process Your Personal Information
We may process Personal Information through the following:
Online Services.
We process Personal Information when you interact with our online services which may include, but are not limited to, searching for an apartment, communicating with us, applying for a job, posting to social media pages, or participating in a survey.
Mobile Application.
We process Personal Information when you use the mobile app which includes creating and updating your account, in providing resident services such as maintenance, and when ensuring the mobile app is performing as expected.
Property Owners.
Our residential properties may be owned by other investors who share Personal Information with us for the purposes of managing the property and providing you services.
Property Visits and Offline Interactions
. We process your Personal Information when you visit our properties, attend events hosted at our properties, and/or inquire about housing directly with our properties.
Other Sites and Third Parties
. We may use separate sites for the processing of rental applications and agreements and to assist our residents and service providers with other tasks which are required or helpful to them, such as paying rent online. We also use separate sites for booking corporate or flexible stays. We may also receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us, that website will forward us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested and in accordance with applicable law.
Due Diligence.
When you provide services to Greystar as a third-party vendor/contractor, we will process certain information through our discussions with you, from documents that you may deliver to us, and in the ordinary course of our business relationship.
Other Sources.
We process Personal Information from other sources, such as public databases or credit agencies.
Where legally required, we will obtain your consent before collecting and processing your Personal Information.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may also process “Other Data” that generally does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual. To the extent Other Data reveals your specific identity or relates to an individual, we will treat Other Data as Personal Information. Other Data includes:
Your browser or device.
We process certain data through your browser or automatically through your device, such as your operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version, and the name and version of the online services (such as the apps) you are using. We use this data to ensure that the online services function properly.
IP Address.
We process your Internet Protocol (IP) address which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are using the Internet. Web servers, the main computers that serve up web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. As permitted under applicable law, Greystar processes IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, gathering and analyzing aggregated information, creating a better experience for users and auditing the use of our sites. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that your session will be logged, but you remain anonymous to us. We may seek to link your IP address to your identity when we feel it is necessary to protect our sites and other users from harm and to prevent criminal misconduct.
Aggregated Data.
We may aggregate data that we process, and this aggregated data will not personally identify you or any other user.
Cookies, Pixels, and other similar technologies.
We process certain data from cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other technologies (“Cookies”) which are pieces of data stored directly on your device or browser and may, in certain jurisdictions, be considered Personal Information. Cookies may be set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third party cookies for our advertising and marketing efforts, to measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and to compile statistics about usage of the online services. Information about how you interact with our website, including clicks on links, videos, and other features available through our website, may be disclosed to third parties as part of our ordinary course of business. See the section on
PROFILING AND AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.
Performance Cookies
allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies process is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Marketing/Targeting Cookies
may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These work by uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies. If you want to change your cookie preferences, you can do so through your browser settings or by updating your cookie preferences via our cookie banner, where applicable, when you enter any of our websites.
Why We Use Your Personal Information
Greystar uses Personal Information collected as described below.
PURPOSE
DESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES
LEGAL BASIS
Engage with prospective residents
The activities associated with this purpose may include providing property tours and contacting prospective residents.
Consent form (including but not limited to Guest Card, Confirmation Letter, etc.) or your voluntary disclosure, such as communication around your property preferences.
Inquiries and Contracts
The activities associated with this purpose may include collecting and processing inquiries or contracts and communicating with you regarding your inquiry or account.
Performance of a contract to initiate a lease or employment relationship.
Operations and General Business
The activities associated with this purpose may include processing or communicating with residents about payments, performing debt collection, providing maintenance or other on-site services, and managing the property. Processing this information also helps us better understand how we can help prospective and current residents.
Fulfillment of contracts to fulfill your lease obligations related to financial operations, such as the obligation to maintain books and records.
Communication and Surveys
The activities associated with this purpose may include communicating with you about our properties and promotions and conducting resident surveys about your experience.
Consent, such as honoring communication preferences.
Legitimate interests, such as providing advertisements for our similar products and services.
Security and Legal Obligations
The activities associated with this purpose may include detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, as well as ensuring the safety of our residents.
Legitimate interests to protect against malicious activity.
Legal obligations relating to data protection and to report illegal activity and security incidents.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Initiatives
The activities associated with this purpose may include monitoring and reporting on energy usage both at site levels and within individual tenancies.
Legal obligations relating to climate change and carbon reduction initiatives.
Legitimate business in conjunction with ESG initiatives.
How and When We Share Your Personal Information
We may share Personal Information with the following third parties to provide you services, following a specific request from you, or to fulfill our legal obligations.
Greystar Affiliates
. We disclose your Personal Information and Other Data to our affiliates outside of mainland China (including the United States, Singapore, etc.) as necessary to communicate with you, provide you services, fulfill our contract with you and to accomplish our business purposes.
Service Providers.
We disclose Personal Information and Other Data to third parties who perform services such as hosting our websites, providing our information technology systems, supporting outsourcing arrangements, processing payments, conducting research and analytics, providing on-site services, providing benefits, conducting financial, identity and other legal checks and providing professional advice. Some of these service providers may use your Personal Information for their own purposes and legal obligations, and where this is the case, these service providers are therefore considered separate personal information processors. (For details of service provider information,
please refer to List of Service Providers
).
Property Owners.
We disclose Personal Information to the Owners of the properties we manage. Owners may use your Personal Information for their own purposes and legal obligations and are therefore considered separate personal information processor for multiple processes during your tenancy journey.
Property Managers.
We disclose your Personal Information to managers who assist us with the management of your property and/or who may take over management responsibilities from us.
Business Partners.
We disclose Personal Information and Other Data to our advertising partners or to sponsors of events and promotions in which you have expressed interest or for which you have registered.
Government
and relevant regulatory bodies
.
We disclose Personal Information and Other Data to government and relevant regulatory authorities in accordance with applicable law.
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary to comply with applicable laws, respond to requests or requirements from government authorities, enforce our terms and conditions, or to otherwise protect the rights, property, or safety of Greystar employees, residents and other persons, including exchanging information with third parties for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Cross-Border Data Transmission
Personal data collected from individuals in Mainland China will be processed locally (hosted/stored) in Mainland China. However, Greystar team members or service providers located outside of mainland China (including the United States, Singapore, etc.) may transfer or access your Personal Information for maintenance, technical support, or legal and compliance activities. The data protection and privacy laws and principles of these countries may not provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as in Mainland China. In such cases, Greystar will take all necessary steps to ensure that your data is transmitted and protected in a manner that complies with the legal requirements of Mainland China. (For details of overseas data recipients,
please refer to List of Overseas Data Recipients)
Business Transitions
If Greystar goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling all or part of its assets, including an individual property, Personal Information may be transferred as part of that transition. By using our websites and providing your Personal Information, you consent to this transfer, provided use of the Personal Information will remain in accordance with the Mainland China Privacy Policy in place at the time of the transfer. If required by law, we will separately notify you of such transfer.
Your Privacy Preferences and Rights
We provide you with options, information, and choices as required under applicable law to express your preferences.
Email Opt-out
Each of our commercial emails contain a link with instructions on how to remove yourself from our email list. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we will continue to send you transactional messages, which may include answers to your questions. If your request has not been duly answered, or you have further doubts, you can contact us via email on:
privacy@greystar.com
.
Online Services Opt-out
Please note that if you are a resident of a Greystar property and you use this site, your property site, WeChat official accounts, WeChat applets or other online services you will need to opt-out of your property site, WeChat official accounts, WeChat applets or other online services platforms separately.
Cookies and Other Data
For information on your choices related to cookies and Other Data, please see the Section on Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies above.
Access, Change, Delete, Restrict the Use or Object to the Processing of Your Personal Information
You may have the right under applicable privacy laws to request that Greystar inform you as to whether Personal Information relating to you is being processed. Subject to certain exceptions under applicable privacy laws, you may also have the right to submit a request to access, withdraw your consent, change, delete, restrict the use of, or object to the processing of your Personal Information that was previously provided to us. If you are a prospective, current or former resident, a current or former team member, an investor, or a job applicant, please submit your request using this
form
. If you have any questions, please contact us at
privacy@greystar.com
or refer to the “Contact Information” section.
Securing Information
Greystar takes reasonable technical and organizational measures to safeguard users' Personal Information. While Greystar strives to protect your Personal Information and therein your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online and therefore you must be aware of this risk.
We limit access to Personal Information to those individuals and organizations who we believe reasonably need to receive such information to provide our services or to do their jobs, and we take precautions we deem reasonable to protect the security of users' Personal Information in accordance with applicable law. However, as in many computer systems, internet applications and software programs, unauthorized use, failure of hardware or software, etc. may be injurious to the confidentiality of users' Personal Information notwithstanding the actions we take to prevent this. Because the security of all Personal Information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us, we periodically review and improve our security when new technology becomes available.
If users have any questions about security,
please contact us using the information in the "Contact Information" section.
Retention
We will retain your Personal Information for the period we believe reasonable to fulfill the purposes for which we hold it, as outlined in this Mainland China Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the services to you;
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them);
Whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Children’s Privacy
We attach great importance to and are committed to protecting the privacy and Personal Information of minors. If you are under the age of 18, you must obtain the consent of your guardian before using any website or online service. If it is proved that anyone under the age of 18 has registered and used our website or online services without the consent of their guardian, we will take appropriate measures for the relevant data as soon as possible in accordance with the law.
We will take reasonable measures to process and store the Personal Information of minors according to the requirements of laws and regulations. The purpose, method and scope of our collection of minors' Personal Information will not exceed those specified in this Privacy Policy.
Particularly, we have established strict rules for the collection and use of children's information to protect the Personal Information of
minors under the age of 14
. You can find out more information by reading the
Children's Privacy Protection Statement
.
Guardians or minors may correct or delete Personal Information in accordance with the methods provided in this Mainland China Privacy Policy.
Profiling and Automated Decision-Making
We may also use third parties to serve tailored advertisements that may interest you. To serve these advertisements, those third parties place a cookie or other tracking technology on your browser to profile your access and use of our online services. For more information about Greystar’s use of cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences, see the section on Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies, above.
Updates to this Mainland China Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to this Mainland China Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting. If we change this Mainland China Privacy Policy, we will notify users of such changes through the general instructions at the top of this Mainland China Privacy Policy and may post these details to such other places as we see fit. We may also notify you via email, if permitted by law.
If such updates result in a substantial reduction or material change of your rights under this Policy, we will notify you by prompting or sending you a push message or other means in a conspicuous position before this Policy takes effect, and re-obtain your consent. “Material Changes” include, but are not limited to: (1) material changes to our service model (such as the purpose of processing Personal Information, the types of Personal Information processed, and the way in which Personal Information is used); (2) changes in the main objects of Personal Information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure; (3) significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of Personal Information and the way in which they are exercised; (4) changes in our team, contact information and complaint channels responsible for handling Personal Information security; and (5) when the Personal Information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
Contact Information
Personal Information processor's details (including contact details):
Personal Information processor:
Greystar China Rental Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
Location:
Shanghai, China
Address:
Suite 1704, One Museum Place, 669 Xin Zha Road, Jing An District, Shanghai, China, (Room 1404 on the actual floor).
Zip code
:
200041
Contact number:
021-52980900
.
E-mail address:
privacy@greystar.com
.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. You may choose which types of cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the website and the services we are able to offer. Essential cookies are always activated since they are essential to provide basic functionalities of the website. ​
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Essential cookies are always activated since they are essential to provide basic functionalities of the website
Privacy Policy
Customize Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies