Solutions
Security
Features
Solutions
Security
Features
Download
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
21/04/2024

Flutters (“App”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our App. By accessing or using the App, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this policy, you should not use our App.
1. Information We Collect
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Unity
Personal Information: We may collect personal information such as name, email address, and other information you provide when creating an account or using our App.
Usage Data
: We may collect information on how you use the App, including your interactions, time spent, and other analytics data.
Device Information
: We may collect information about the device you use to access the App, including the type of device, operating system, unique device identifiers, and IP address.
2. How We Use Your Information
Providing the App
: We use your information to deliver, maintain, and improve the App, as well as to personalize your experience.
Communication
: We may use your contact information to send you important updates, promotional offers, or other communications related to the App.
Analytics and Research
: We use usage data to analyze trends, track usage patterns, and conduct research to improve the App.
Compliance with Law
: We may use your information to comply with legal obligations, respond to lawful requests, or enforce our rights.
Log Data:
Whenever you use the Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
3. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

<
4. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
5. Data Security
We take appropriate measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure. However, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. By using the App, you acknowledge and accept this risk.
6. Subsriptions
A purchase will be applied to your account upon confirmation of the amount selected. Subscriptions will automatically renew unless canceled within 24 hours of the end of the current period. You can cancel any time using your account settings. Any unused portion of a free trial will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription.
7. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
8. Children’s Privacy
The App is not intended for children under 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we discover that we have collected such information, we will delete it promptly. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
9. Your Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, such as the right to access, correct, or delete your data. To exercise these rights, please contact us at [Your Contact Information].
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of significant changes, but you should review the policy periodically. Your continued use of the App after changes are made indicates your acceptance of the updated policy.

This policy is effective as of 2024-04-21
11. Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, please contact us at contact@flutters.pro

By using Flutters, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Thank you for choosing our App!
Learn Flutter & Dart
Youtube
Privacy
Terms
Privacy Policy
Conditions
© 2024 Flutters App –
Royal Elementor Addons