Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated [Nov 8 2021]
INTRODUCTION
Best Bites UAE (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website
www.bestbitesuae.com
and our mobile application, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Version 1 of our website and mobile application of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site and mobile application includes:
PERSONAL DATA
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us [when you register with the Site or Mobile Application or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site or Mobile Application, such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site or Mobile Application.
•
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site or Mobile Application such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site or Mobile Application.
•
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Site or Mobile Application. [We store only very limited, if any, financial information that we collect. Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processor and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.]
•
Facebook Permissions
We may, by default, access your
Facebook
basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission. For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the
Facebook Permissions Reference
page.
•
Data From Social Networks
User information from social networking sites, such as [Apple’s Game Center, Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter], including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks. [If you are using our mobile application, this information may also include the contact information of anyone you invite to use.
•
Mobile Device Data
Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site or Mobile Application from a mobile device.
•
Third-Party Data
Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Site or Mobile Application permission to access this information.
•
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
•
Data From Social Networks
User information from social networking sites, such as [Apple’s Game Center, Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter], including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks. [If you are using our mobile application, this information may also include the contact information of anyone you invite to use.
• Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.
‍
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
• By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
• Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
• Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
• Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Site [and our mobile application], those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs.
• Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions or other content to the Site or Mobile Application, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site in perpetuity.
• Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site or Mobile Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
• Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
• Social Media Contacts
If you connect to the Site orMobile Application through a social network, your contacts on the social network may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.
• Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
•
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors[, such as [
Adobe Analytics
,] [
Clicktale,
] [
Clicky
,] [
Cloudfare
,] [
Crazy Egg,
] [
Flurry Analytics,
] [
Google Analytics
,] [
Heap Analytics
,] [
Inspectlet,
] [
Kissmetrics,]
[
Mixpanel,
] [
Piwik,
] and others], to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site [and our mobile application] through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site ,our mobile application,], you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or the
Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool
or
Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool
.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Site or Mobile Application may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
•
[Best Bites UAE]
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Logging into your account settings and updating your account
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.]
EMAILS AND COMMUNICATIONS
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:
Noting your preferences at the time you register your account with the Site/Mobile Application
Unsubscribing via the link on email communications
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
UAE PRIVACY RIGHTS
UAE law, permits our users who are UAE residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a UAE resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 13 years of age, reside in UAE, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in UAE. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
hello@bestbitesuae.com