What's New
Pricing
Blog
Help
Go to Notewise Cloud
Privacy Policy
Last updated June 2023
At Notewise, we know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. We never rent or sell your personal data to anyone. We don't access or collect data from your notebooks or documents without your permission. We use limited, anonymized data to develop, provide, and improve our Services, as required by law, or for the limited purposes explicitly stated in this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal data.
ZIIKR Pte. Ltd. and its affiliates (the “Company”, “we”, “our”, "Notewise" or “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy (or “policy”) sets out the basis on which any data and information Notewise collects from you will be processed by Notewise during your use of www.notewise.dev (the “site”, "website"), Notewise (together, the ”app”) and/or any functions or features Notewise offer (including, for example, the Notewise Cloud), and any other product or services that links to these Terms, as well as all functionality that Notewise makes available (collectively, the "Services".)
Personal Data
We may collect these Personal Data from you:
Online Identifiers
, such as unique personal identifier assigned to a user
‍
Device/IP Data
, such as IP address, and type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Services
‍
Profile or Contact Data
, such as first and last name, and email address. This may include data we collect from our partners and other third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience. For example, if you create or
log in to an Notewise account using your Google/Microsoft or other social apps credentials, we will have access to certain information such as your name and email address as authorized by you upon signing up or logging in.
‍
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
, such as User Submission shared by you, identifying information in emails or letters you send us.
‍
Geolocation Data
, such as IP-address-based location information
For certain support requests and issues, we may ask you to export and send us diagnostic data of your app. This data includes information necessary to diagnose and resolve issues you might experience with our Services including the titles of your documents, folders, and imported files;
If you make a purchase, your credit card or debit card information (such as card type and expiration date) and other financial data that we need to process your payment may be collected and stored by third party payment processors with which we work with. We may also collect some limited information, such as your postal code and details of your transaction history. At no time, however, do we have access to your full payment card information.
By using Notewise Services and making in-app purchases, you consent to our sharing of data regarding your usage and consumption of purchased content with Apple, as part of our efforts to resolve refund requests. This information may include details about how you have accessed and interacted with the purchased content. The purpose of sharing this data is to help Apple make an informed decision regarding refund requests. We ensure that such data sharing is done in compliance with Apple's policies and only as necessary to process your requests.
When you use our Services, we automatically receive and collect information about you and your device. This includes (by way of non-exhaustive list):
any information regarding the Services accessed and/or used by you and our interactions with you;
a file with your contact history to be used for enquiry purposes so that we may ensure that you are satisfied with the Services which we have provided to you;
usage data when you visit or otherwise use the Services;
marketing and communications data collected regarding marketing, promotions and communicating new features; and
activity data relating to your usage of the Services, including publication of content and the use of documents available through the Services.
‍
We sometimes collect Personal Data provided to us by third-parties, service providers, agencies or other publicly available sources where applicable. This includes (by way of non-exhaustive list):
social media features which may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a Cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Features may also allow third party social media services to provide us with information about you, including your name, email address, and other contact information. The information we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the third-party social media service. Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statements of the third-party companies providing them. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Services.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We only disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section.
Service Providers.
These parties help us provide the Services or perform business functions on our behalf. This includes: hosting, technology, communication providers, support and customer service vendors.
Analytics Partners
. These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the - Services. They include:
- Companies that track how users interact with the Services.
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate:
Third parties you access through the services. You can choose to send the notes you created in our applications to several third party backup services (such as Dropbox, Google Drive, Box, OneDrive, etc.) available through our Services. Other individuals to whom you, directly or indirectly, shared a link to your shared notes through the Services.
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above.
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices.
Tracking Tools and Opt-Out
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your device. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ if you are located in the European Union.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
Unless otherwise specified, the Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed at children. In connection with the Services, we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will either seek parental consent or promptly delete that information. If you believe that a child under age 13 may have provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
Your rights Under the GDPR
This section applies to residents of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. Under certain circumstances, you may have rights under data protection laws in relation to your Personal Data which you can exercise free of charge. These rights include:
The right to know whether we hold your Personal Data and to request access to your Personal Data held by us.
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. Please note, however, that we may still be entitled to process your Personal Data if we have another legitimate reason for doing so. For example, we may need to retain Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation.
The right to request that we rectify your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request that we erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your Personal Data, but we are legally entitled to retain it.
In some circumstances, the right to receive the Personal Data you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or to instruct us to transmit that data to a third party.
The right to object at any time to your Personal Data being processed for direct marketing and in other certain circumstances, such as if we change our legitimate interests from the basis on which we initially collected and processed your Personal Data.
The right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection regulator if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, or make any related complaint or request in relation to your Personal Data, please contact us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
Further information about your rights may be obtained by contacting the supervisory data protection authority located in your jurisdiction.
California Residents
If you are a resident of California, this section applies to you and is intended to provide certain information to you as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household such as:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Please note that we are not required to:
Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained;
Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or
Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
You also have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our disclosures and sales of your personal information. Such information shall cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. Upon our receipt of your verified request, we will provide you with the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected from you
The categories of personal information we have sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom we sold such information, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold (however, we have not sold your personal information); and
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose
Right to Deletion
You have the right at any time to request that we delete your personal information. However, in some cases we cannot delete all or some of your personal information as required or permitted by applicable laws.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means that we cannot, among other things:
Deny goods or services to you;
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your personal information.
How to Contact us to Exercise Your CCPA Rights
To submit a request to exercise your “Right to Know” or “Right to Delete” rights provided in this notice, please contact us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. We will evaluate the request and take action where required to do so.
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and will provide information about how we will process your request. We endeavour to respond to your request as soon as we can, within the timeframes permitted under the CCPA. If we are not able to respond to your request within 45 days, we will let you know that we may require additional time (up to 90 total days).
Verification of Requests and Authorised Agents
We may have to verify your identity when you contact us to exercise your “Right to Know” or your “Right to Delete.” Our verification process may vary depending on the nature of your request. However, generally, we will verify your request by asking you to:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorised agent.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
You may also use an authorised agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. If you wish to use an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, unless you have provided the authorised agent with power of attorney, we may require that: (1) you provide your authorised agent signed permission to do so; (2) you verify your identity; and (3) you confirm that you have provided the authorised agent permission to submit the request. We may deny any request from an authorised agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorised by you to act on your behalf
Your authorised agent may make a request on your behalf by contacting us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post the updated version on this page, and if required by law, we will also provide notice to users as required. We encourage you to read this page each time that you use our Services so that you will be aware of any changes, and your continued use of our Services shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes. Changes to this privacy policy take effect from the date of publication, unless stated otherwise.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at
support@notewise.dev.