Weights Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 2/11/2025
Paulson Court, Inc. (“
Weights
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”) values the privacy of individuals who use our websites, applications, and related services (collectively, our “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information from users of our Services (“Users”). By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our Terms of Service (
https://weights.com/terms-of-service
).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the extent we process information in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers. In that context, our customers are the data controllers and their privacy policies will apply to the processing of your personal information. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
A. Information You Provide to Us
Registration and Account Information
. When you sign up for an account, we may receive your name, email address, profile picture, and other information about you from the service you use to sign up (e.g. Google, Apple, or Facebook).
Communications
. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you, such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. When you communicate with us online, third party vendors may receive and store these communications on our behalf, including vendors for services like customer relationship management, customer support, email, chat, and community services like Discord and Reddit. When we send you emails, we may use embedded pixels or other technologies to track information about your receipt and interaction with our emails, such as whether and when you open them, whether you access any links included in our emails, how long you read our emails, whether you forward our emails and to whom, your Location Information (described below), and your Device Information (described below), to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Contact Forms.
If you complete one of our contact forms, we may collect information such as your email address, IP address, browser version, and the contents of your message. For example, all information you enter in a form to report copyright issues will be shared with us along with details of how and when you submitted the form.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. You may also apply through a third-party service, such as LinkedIn. If you do so, we will collect the information you make available to us through that service.
Payment Information.
If you make a payment on our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
B. Information We Collect When You Use Our Services
Locale
. When you use our Services, we receive or infer your locale. By locale we mean country/territory and language. We use this information to provide you with the appropriate language in our user interface, to tailor your experience to your locale, and for other purposes set forth under “How We Use the Information We Collect” below.
Device Information
. We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, device type, device identifiers, web browser type and version, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, mobile advertising identifiers, language, connection type, connection speed, accessibility settings (e.g., display zoom) and push notification tokens.
User Content.
As part of our Service, you may upload, input, create, and share images, audio, video, text, and artificial intelligence models. Images, audio, video, and text include those you upload as a basis of a new creation or for model training, or that you create as the output of your use of the Service. Artificial intelligence models are mathematical representations of artificial intelligence entities that you upload, create, and use via our Services.
Usage Information
. We automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the creations or other content you view, referrer information (the website you visited before coming to our Services), the dates and times of your usage, the time you spent doing different activities, the searches you conduct, other users you follow, your comments, and any content you post.
Prompts and Outputs.
Our Services allow you to submit text, audio, images, video, and other materials to the Services (“Prompts”), which generate responses based on your Prompts (“Outputs”). We will collect any information you choose to provide in your Prompts and this information may be reproduced in the Outputs.
Messages Between Users.
As part of the service, you may share your content with others via posts in our Communities feature, and in other ways. Other users can comment on your posts and vice-versa. When you communicate with other users through our Services, we and our third-party partners receive the content of the messages you send and receive and information about those messages, such as when it was sent or received.
Your Contacts.
If you give us permission to import your contacts from an third-party source such as the service you use to sign up (e.g. Google, Apple, or Facebook), or if you permit us to access the address book on your device, we may access and store names and contact information to facilitate invitations and social interactions that you initiate through our Services and for other purposes described in this privacy policy or at the time of consent or collection. We also collect your contacts if you invite them to use our Services or share information or content with them from our Services.
Information from Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We and our third-party partners collect information about your activities on our Services using cookies, pixel tags, SDKs, or other tracking technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics, advertising, and security partners, may also use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services.
C. Information We Receive from Other Sources
Information from Third-party Services.
We may request information about you from services that you use to sign in (e.g. Google, Apple, or Facebook) or that you otherwise link to your Weights account. At the time we request the data, those services may present their own user interfaces to inform you of what data is being shared and/or confirm that you wish to share the information. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of those linked third-party accounts to learn about your options.
Information from Training Data or Prompts.
Users can submit data to train models or as Prompts, which may contain information about individuals.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect:
To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
To train, develop, and improve the artificial intelligence, machine learning, and models that we use to support our Services;
To allow you and other users to develop, and improve the artificial intelligence, machine learning, and models that we use to support our Services;
To allow you and other users to create and share content using our services.
To personalize your experience on our Services such as by providing tailored content and recommendations;
To understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
To facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications, such as social networks and media streaming services;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you;
To send you text messages and push notifications;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To find and prevent fraud and abuse, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
To generate anonymized or aggregate data containing only de-identified, non-personal information that we may use or disclose for any lawful purposes;
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
How We Disclose the Information We Collect
Affiliates.
We may disclose any information we receive to our current or future affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may disclose any information we receive to vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
User Content.
Our Services are social services in which you can find, enjoy, and share content. The content you post to the Services will by default be displayed on the Services and viewable by other users. Your profile information, which you can change at any time in your account settings, is publicly accessible to users of the Service. Although this information is public by default, below in the “Your Choices” section of this Privacy Policy, we describe the controls that you can use, along with other relevant settings associated with your account, to limit the sharing of certain information. We are not responsible for the other users' use of available information, so you should carefully consider whether and what to post or how you identify yourself on the Services.
Third-Party App Integrations.
If you connect a third-party application to our Services, we may disclose information such as the content you post to that application to that third party.
Social Networks and Other Online Services.
Our Services allow you to, upon your direction, disclose information to social networking services, such as YouTube, Facebook and Instagram. You understand and agree that the use of your information by any social networking websites will be governed by the privacy policies of these third-party platforms and your settings on that platform. We encourage you to review their privacy policies.
AI Service Providers.
We may disclose information we receive to vendors that provide artificial intelligence services that provide backend support for our Services.
Analytics Partners.
We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. You can learn more about Google's practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Advertising Partners.
We work with third-party advertising partners to collect and process your information in order to show you ads that we think may interest you. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (
https://optout.aboutads.info
) and serve ads through cookie-based technologies. Please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving certain web-based personalized ads from member companies. These opt-outs will apply only to our third-party advertising partners that are members of these organizations. These opt-outs will not apply when our partners serve ads through non-cookie based technologies. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
Consent.
We may also disclose your information with your permission.
Your Choices
Sharing Preferences.
You can adjust certain settings using your account:
We provide you with settings to allow you to set your sharing preferences for content you post to the Services.
Certain information may always be publicly available to others, and other information is made publicly available to others by default.
To change whether certain information is publicly viewable, you can adjust the settings in your account.
Additional information regarding privacy settings can be found at
weights.com/settings
or under “Settings” in the app.
Location Information.
You can prevent your mobile device from sharing precise location information at any time through your device's operating system settings.
Contacts.
You choose when to share contacts information with Weights by choosing to import your contacts at the time of account creation, at any time by going to your account settings, or when choosing to share content.
Marketing Communications.
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional email messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
Do Not Track.
There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
Third Parties
Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, because no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Service(s) is directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at
privacy@weights.com
.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and you wish to remove content that you publicly posted, you may submit a request by contacting us at
privacy@weights.com
. Removing the public content does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information.
International Visitors
Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the U.S. for storage and processing. We may also transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Update Your Information
You can update your account and profile information or close your account through your profile settings.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or disclose personal information previously collected from you through the Services, we will notify you through the Services, by email, or other communication.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
privacy@weights.com
.