Privacy Policy

Last Revised: July 21, 2022

-RcStats App- (the “App,” “Service,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we gather, use, disclose, and protect the data gathered via our Service, as well as what choices you have regarding the collection and use of data.

How We Gather and Use Data

We do not gather any personally data that may identify you.

In order to start using the tracking option, we request permission to access and use your contact list. We do not store any data after tracking.

Data Gathering and Use

We do not gather any personally identifiable data and keep no logs.

However, we use third-party services (for analytic reasons in order to improve Service’s performance constantly) that may gather data that may identify you.

Please follow the links to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the Service to read more about the data that may be collected:

Google Analytics – https://policies.google.com/privacy

Firebase Analytics – https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics

Cookies

The App does not use or collect “cookies.” However, third-party code and libraries used by us may use “cookies” to gather data to improve their services. You are free to opt-out cookies in your device settings.

Security

We appreciate your trust in giving permission to use your contacts. Thus, we do our best to use commercially acceptable means for protecting your data. However, you should be aware that no transmission method over the Internet is 100% reliable and secure. That is why we cannot guarantee the total security of the data provided.

Children’s Privacy

The Service is designed for users over the age of 13. We do not intend to gather personally identifiable data from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and have found out that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us as soon as possible, and we will delete the data from our servers immediately.

Changes to the Policy

We may update the Policy from time to time. Thus, we encourage you to review this page periodically to stay updated. Any changes are effective right after they are posted on this page.

Contacts

In case you have any questions or suggestions regarding the Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at demir.gulnur16[at]gmail.com