Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2024/03/26
We believes that your personal information deserves protection and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. To provide you with our personalized software (the “Software”) and services(the “Service”), we need to collect some privacy information about you, and this privacy policy explains the information we collect, how we treat your information and protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. We hope that the following statement could help you understand how we deals with your Personal Information you may occasionally provide to us via Internet.
If you use the Software and Service, we consider you to
accept
the terms and conditions described
by
this document. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy, you may NOT use the Software.
This Privacy Policy contains the following sections:
Information We Collect Automatically
We use API provided by
iOS
to collect the following information.
We automatically collect technical information from your browser or device when you visit our Service
such as
the type, name and version of operating system
, IP address, UUID, crash reports and etc.
Information you
submit
(1) Camera, Photos and Facial Features Information. In order to use some of the features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album.
W
e will neither store
any information
in our server nor share them with any third parties after processing.
(2) Support Related Information. If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information you voluntarily submitted to us in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services.
We will not save or collect any information you provided when you use our App. The report generated from the App when you use our Service will not save in our server and cannot be used to define who you are.
Do not Store
Face Data
(1) N
ever
store: We
never
store your face data or share your face information with third parties.
(2) How we use: When you take or upload a photo of your facial features, we delete your image immediately after image processing is complete, and we do not collect, use, disclose, share and retain your facial data.
Updates
of
This Privacy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our Services from time to time to aware of changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
If you have any questions or concerns with respect to any matter covered by this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at
artlifebest@outlook.com
.
We may modify, update and publish this Privacy Policy in the Software from time to time. Please continue to play close attention to this Policy.