Privacy Policy - United Kingdom
USA
Canada
UK/EU
Australia
New Zealand
Last Revised: 28 February 2025
This is the Privacy and Cookie Statement for TodayTix, Ltd ("TodayTix"), our website hosted at
www.todaytix.com/uk/privacy-policy
(**"we,"** **"us,"** and **"Our Site"**) and each of our web and mobile applications that we make available from time to time (**"Applications"** ). Our Site and Applications are operated by or on behalf of TodayTix.
This Statement, and any other documents referred to in it, set out:
Information we collect about you
Cookies and other technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Who we give your information to
Where we store your information
Child safety
Payment processing
Public forums
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
Legal bases for processing your information
Your rights
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By engaging with Our Site and Applications, you acknowledge you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of United Kingdom and European Economic Area data protection law, (the "Data Protection Law"), the data controller is: TodayTix Ltd, UK Limited, 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW United Kingdom,
UKsupport@todaytix.com
.
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
1. The information we collect about you
A. Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us directly when you interact with us.
Information (such as your name, email address, postal address, and telephone number) that you provide by completing forms on Our Site or any Application, including if you register as a user of Our Site or any Application, subscribe to any service, upload or submit any material via Our Site or any Application, request any information, or enter into any competition or promotion we may sponsor;
In connection with an account sign-in facility, your log-in and password details;
Details of any transactions made by you through Our Site or any Application(s);
Communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding Our Site or any Applications or its content
Details of your membership in our loyalty program, including your tier status and the
membership benefits that you are entitled to and receive
Information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run on Our Site or any Applications for research purposes, if you choose to respond to, or participate in, them. You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you should choose to withhold the requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
When purchasing tickets, you may have the option to provide the name and email address of invitees or guests who will receive tickets and show information directly. We will only use this information for the specified purpose and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
B. Information we collect about you from using Our Site:
When you visit Our Site or access or use any Application, we may automatically collect additional information about you, such as the type of internet browser or mobile device you use, any website from which you have come to Our Site and your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer or mobile device on the internet) and your operating system, which are automatically recognised by our web server. You cannot be personally identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on Our Site or Applications and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We collect geographical local data, but only on a broad basis from your IP address, browser or device locale, or your choice of location, in order to provide services accurate to your location.
C. The legal bases we rely on:
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which we may collect and process your personal data in certain circumstances, including:
D. Consent
We can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, if you have given your consent to receiving to receiving marketing material from us at the point we collected your information.
E. Contractual obligations
We need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
For example, where you have provided us with your email address to receive our services, we will use this information in order to effectively deliver and communicate our services.
F. Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting us to applicable law enforcement.
G. Legitimate interest
We may require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, it is in our legitimate interests to ensure that content from Our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer and we provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
2. How we use your information
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights, to:
Enable us to process your orders (by sharing your information with theatre venues) and to provide you with the services and information offered through Our Site or Applications and which you request;
Administer your account with us;
Sign you up to our loyalty program and enable you to receive membership benefits and
communications about the loyalty program. For more information about the loyalty
program, please see the loyalty program
terms
;
Verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online;
Audit the downloading of data from Our Site or Application(s);
Improve the layout and/or content of the pages of Our Site or Applications and customise them for users;
Identify visitors to Our Site or Application(s); and
Carry out research on our users' demographics and tracking of sales data.
3. Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted by one of the legal bases above, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email, SMS, WhatsApp, and letter about our products/services and those of carefully selected third parties.
You can object to further marketing at any time either, at the point such information is collected on Our Site or Applications by selecting the relevant option in your account settings or, where you do not wish us to continue to use your information in this way, by following the unsubscribe instructions on any communications sent to you. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
UKsupport@todaytix.com
.
4. Where your information is stored
The data that we collect from you is transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United Kingdom ("UK") and/or European Economic Area ("EEA"), as applicable, that is not subject to equivalent Data Protection Law. For our purposes, the information we collect is processed and stored on secure servers located in the U.S. state of Virginia. This is necessary in order to process the information.
We may transfer your personal information outside the UK or EEA:
In order to store it.
In order to enable us to provide goods or services to you and fulfil our contract with you. This includes order fulfilment, processing of payment details, and the provision of support services.
Where we are legally required to do so.
In order to facilitate the operation of our group of businesses, where it is in our legitimate interests and we have concluded these are not overridden by your rights. For example, transferring information to our other offices and/or carefully selected third parties which may be located out the UK or EEA. Where your information is transferred outside the UK or EEA, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognised legal adequacy mechanism, and that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
5. How long we keep your information
We retain personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the transactions you have requested, for key business requirements such as marketing or for essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. The criteria we use for determining retention periods for different categories of data will vary but may include:
How long we need to keep personal data to provide our services and operate our business, for example improving the performance of our Sites and Applications or maintaining appropriate financial or business records;
The expectations of our customers, for example our customers may expect that their registration details will be retained for a certain period should they choose to return to our Site or Applications;
Whether we are subject to legal, regulatory or contractual obligations to retain the personal data, for example mandatory retention requirements for tax reporting purposes; and
The sensitivity of the personal data we are handling, for example were we to collect more sensitive personal data we would expect to hold it for shorter periods.
6. Cookies and other technologies
Our Site and Applications use cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-App(lication) codes, and/or pixel tags to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalised content.
Our Site/Application(s) uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our Site/Application(s). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site/use our Application(s) and also allows us to improve our Site/Application(s).
We use cookies and other similar technologies to:
Collect user information to enhance your experience using the Service
Remember that you have visited us before; this means we can identify the number of unique visitors we receive. This allows us to make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get;
Customise elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of Our Site or Application(s); and
Collect anonymous statistical information about how you use the Site or Applications (including how long you spend on Our Site or Application) and where you have come to Our Site or Application from, so that we can improve Our Site and learn which parts of the Site and which functions of the Applications are most popular with users.
Some of the cookies used by Our Site are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf.
7. The cookies we set
Below you’ll find the cookies and other technologies that we set when you visit our Site/Applications and their purpose. To help you better understand why we’re setting them, we’ve used the categories and definitions set by the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”):
Strictly necessary: cookies that enable the services that you have specifically asked or paid for;
Performance: cookies that collect information on how visitors use Our Site including the pages visited and most frequented as well as the sources of our traffic. They are used to help us improve how Our Site works;
Functionality: cookies that help us remember the choices you have made so we can provide you with a more personalised experience; and
Advertising: cookies used to deliver more relevant ads, and to make sure you don’t see the same adverts over and over again.
8. The cookies set by our partners and other data processors
A.
We have several partners who also set cookies and other technologies on our Site/Applications. These partners include companies that help us better understand how to serve you, companies that serve our house ads, power the tools on our Site/Applications, and companies that require cookies for their social applications to work. They include:
B.
In addition to the cookies set directly by our partners, there are also cookies set by third parties to help deliver and monitor their ads. Please note we neither control nor have access to those cookies, and these advertisers’ uses of cookies are subject to their own privacy policies and not that of TodayTix.
C.
If you follow links from Our Site to theirs, you should be aware that these other sites have their own privacy and data processing practices. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies including its use of cookies, check that site.
9. Cookie removal and more information
A.
You can always modify your browser so as not to accept cookies or to notify you when cookies are sent to it. For more information about cookies including removing any or all of your cookies, please visit
All About Computer Cookies
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used on Our Site or Application, you may not be able to take full advantage of Our Site or Applications (as the case may be).
B.
Also, if you would like to remove the Google Analytics and DoubleClick cookies, please visit the following links,
Google Analytics Opt-out
and
Google Ads Browser Plugin
, respectively. You should be aware that this will affect your Google cookies on all sites, and not just ours.
10. Information sharing and disclosure
We do not give, rent, lend, or sell individual information to any third party. Furthermore, we will not disclose any information about individual users, except as described below.
A.
We may disclose aggregate statistics about visitors to Our Site, users of the Applications, customers, and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifiable information.
B.
We may disclose your personal information to any of our affiliates, service providers, theatre partners, or to our agents or contractors who assist us in providing the services we offer through Our Site or any Application, processing transactions, fulfilling requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists, analysing data, providing support services or in other tasks, from time to time. Our agents and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
C.
In the event that we undergo re-organisation or are sold to a third party, you agree that any personal information we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organised entity or third party.
D.
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to prevent fraud or cyber-crime or to protect Our Site or any Applications or the rights, property or personal safety of any person.
E.
We may need to share your email address and/or telephone number with the venue in order to facilitate e-ticket dispatch, and/or as part of Covid tracking and tracing. Please see the relevant venue's privacy policy for more about how they will use any information that we share with them as a separate controller. If one of our partners is involved in providing the services, they may process your personal information to send the confirmation email, or to provide customer services such as cancellation or amendments.
Security
We place great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to personal information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via Our Site or any Applications whilst it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk.
It is advisable to close your browser when you have finished your user session to help ensure others do not access your personal information if you use a shared computer or a computer in a public place.
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Users aged 16 or under
Protecting the safety of children when they use the internet is important to us.
Our Site and our Applications are intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using Our Site and our Applications, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to TodayTix’s Site and Applications. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
If you are under the age of 13, your parent or guardian must consent on your behalf where we ask for consent in relation to the use of your information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on Our Site or Applications are made through our payment gateway provider, BrainTree. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to BrainTree which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorising payment. Information which you supply to BrainTree is not within our control and is subject to BrainTree's own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
Changes to this Privacy and Cookie Statement
We may amend this Privacy and Cookie Statement from time to time. If we make any substantive changes to this policy, we’ll announce it on Our Site and notify you by email.
Your rights
A. You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing (as mentioned in 'our promotional updates and communications' section);
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
B. Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by contacting us at
UKsupport@todaytix.com
.
You can also change your marketing preferences at any time as described in 'our promotional updates and communications' section;
C. You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
UKsupport@todaytix.com
.
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach your local data protection authority, (see
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html
).
The
Information Commissioner
is the supervisory authority in the UK and can provide further information about your rights and our obligations in relation to your personal data, as well as deal with any complaints that you have about our processing of your personal data.
16. Privacy Notice for Employees, Applicants, and Candidates within the United Kingdom
TODAYTIX LTD ("we" or the "Company") is a "data controller."  This means that the Company is responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you.  You are being provided with a copy of this privacy notice because you are applying for work with us (whether as an employee, worker or contractor).  It makes you aware of how and why your personal data will be used, namely for the purposes of the recruitment exercise, and how long it will usually be retained for. It provides you with certain information that must be provided under the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR).
The kind of information we hold about you.
In connection with your employment and/or application to for with us, we will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal data about you:
the information you have provided to us in your CV and covering letter;
the information you have provided on our application form, including name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, gender, employment history, qualifications;
any information you provide to us during an interview; and
any information you provide to us in relation to your employment with us including, but not limited to your name, address, date of birth, gender, education, work experience, National Insurance number, and emergency contact details.
We may also collect, store and use the following "special categories" of more sensitive personal data:
information about your race or ethnicity and sexual orientation.
How is your personal data collected?
We collect personal data about candidates from the following sources:
you, the candidate;
your named referees, from whom we obtain a standard reference; and
the following data from third parties is from a publicly accessible source: results of social media searches such as LinkedIn.
How we will use information about you.
We will use the personal data we collect about you to:
assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role;
carry out reference checks;
communicate with you about the recruitment process;
keep records related to our hiring processes; and
comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
It is in our legitimate interests to decide whether to appoint you to the role since it would be beneficial to our business to appoint candidates to open roles.
We also need to process your personal data to decide whether to enter into a contract of employment or engagement with you.
Having received your CV and covering letter and your application form, we will then process that information to decide whether you meet the basic requirements to be shortlisted for the role.  If you do, we will decide whether your application is strong enough to invite you for an interview.  If we decide to call you for an interview, we will use the information you provide to us at the interview to decide whether to offer you the role.  If we decide to offer you the role, we will then take up references before confirming your appointment.
If you fail to provide personal data.
If you fail to provide information when requested, which is necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we will not be able to process your application successfully.
How we use particularly sensitive personal data.
We will use your particularly sensitive personal data in the following ways:
We will use information about your health and disability status to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustments during the recruitment process.
We will use information about your race or national or ethnic origin, or sexual orientation, to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting. Data that the Company uses for these purposes will be collected on an anonymised basis. Candidates are entirely free to decide whether or not to provide such information and your application will not be affected either way.
Automated decision-making.
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making.
Recipients of your personal data.
We may disclose your personal data to members of our HR team, the relevant team managers in respect of the role you are applying for in order to make hiring decisions.
It may be necessary from time to time for us to disclose your personal data to third parties or agents, including without limitation to the following:
third parties or agents of clients to assist in the administration, processing and management of certain activities pertaining to prospective employees including travel and expense management service providers;
individuals or companies employed by the Company to carry out specific services, functions or consultancy work and other financial institutions;
relatives or legal representatives of prospective employees;
regulatory bodies to whom we are obliged or required to disclose information including Workplace Relations Commission, Courts and Court-appointed persons;
relevant Government departments and agencies; and
other support service providers necessary to support the organisation in the services listed.
Why might you share my personal data with third parties?
We will only share your personal data with the following third parties for the purposes of processing your application:  Greenhouse Software, Inc., and Lever.
Transfer of personal data outside the UK or
EEA.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United Kingdom ("UK") or European Economic Area ("EEA"), as applicable, for the purposes described above. Those countries may not provide an adequate level of protection in relation to processing your personal data.  Due to the global nature of our business, your personal data may be disclosed to members of our group outside the UK or EEA, including in particular in the USA.  It may also be processed by staff operating outside the UK or EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers who act on our behalf. We will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the privacy and integrity of such personal data.  You can obtain information concerning such safeguards from dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com, where applicable.
Data security.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need-to-know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. Details of these measures may be obtained from dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.
How long will you use my information?
Successful applicants
If your application for employment or engagement is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to our HR management system and retained during your employment in accordance with our staff privacy policy.
Unsuccessful applicants
If your application for employment or engagement is unsuccessful, we will hold your data on file for twelve months after the end of the relevant recruitment process to the extent necessary to enable the Company to comply with any legal obligations or for the exercise or defence of legal claims (subject to any applicable legal or regulatory obligations to retain such information for a longer period).
It is likely that we will wish to retain your data for a further period of 6 months on the basis that a further opportunity may arise in future and we may wish to consider you for that.  If so, we will write to you separately, seeking your explicit consent to retain your personal data for a fixed period on that basis – you do not have to consent to this, and you can withdraw your consent at any time thereafter.
At the end of that period (or if you withdraw your consent prior to this) we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
In the event that any court actions or other legal proceedings are pending or impending, personal data will be deleted after termination of the court action or legal proceeding as appropriate.
Your rights in connection with personal data.
Under certain circumstances, by law, you have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal data to another party, please contact dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.
Right to withdraw consent.
When you applied for this role, you may have provided consent to us processing your personal data for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. You have the right to withdraw your consent for processing for that purpose at any time.  To withdraw your consent, please contact dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.  Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your application and, subject to our retention policy, we will dispose of your personal data securely.
Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK's Information Commissioner's Office if you are unhappy with how your personal data is being handled.
Further Information.
If you require any further clarification regarding this privacy notice, please contact dataprivacy@todaytixgroup.com.
17. Customer Services
All calls will be recorded for quality control and training services.
18. Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here https://www.todaytix.com/uk/privacy-policy and we will change the “Last Updated” date above. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Contact Us
Questions, comments, and requests regarding this privacy and cookie policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
TodayTix Ltd, UK Limited
5 New Street Square
London, EC4A 3TW
United Kingdom
UKsupport@todaytix.com
Explore popular cities
Chicago
London
Melbourne
New York
Sydney
Resources
About us
Help & Support
Careers
List an event
Get more TodayTix
Gift cards
TodayTix Live
TodayTix Rewards
Partner Sites
London Theatre
New York Theatre Guide
Download the app
Follow us
©
2025
TodayTix Group All rights reserved.
Terms
Privacy
Buyer Guarantee
Cookie settings
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
Cookies - more than just a snack at interval 🍪🎭
We use cookies to personalise your experience - think show recommendations, offers you'll love, and updates you won't want to miss. By clicking "accept all", you consent to our cookie policy.
Reject all
Accept all
More options
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.todaytix.com/us/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy - United States
USA
Canada
UK/EU
Australia
New Zealand
Privacy Policy for TodayTix
Last Updated: May 3, 2024
TodayTix, Inc. ("
we
" or "
us
" or "
TodayTix
" or the "
Company
")  is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at www.todaytix.com, our mobile applications and our widgets, and your other interactions with us (all of which are collectively referred to herein as our "
Services
").  Our
Terms of Use
also cover your use of our Services; so please make sure you read our Terms of Use carefully.
1. Questions; Contacting Us; Reporting Violations.
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations, please contact us as follows: TodayTix, Inc. 1501 Broadway, Suite 1313, New York, NY 10036.
2. User Consent.
By using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
, and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use our Services.
3. A Note to Users Outside of the United States. If you are using our Services from outside of the United States, by using the Services and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding the processing of Personal Data may be different than the laws in your country. By providing your Personal Data, you consent to such transfer.
4. Types of Data We Collect.
"
Personal Data
" means data that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, email address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. "
Deidentified Data
" means data that cannot reasonably identify, relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with or be linked, directly or indirectly, to a particular consumer. Deidentified Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect the following Personal Data and Deidentified Data, as described and in the manners identified below.
4.1 Personal Data Categories.
The following are the types of Personal Data that we collect and do not collect.
Personal Data Collected
.
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies as provided through your use of our Services.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our Services, or advertisement, only to the extent you provide such information in connection with our provision of services.
Professional or employment-related information, including educational history, only to the extent described in our employee/applicant privacy policy.
Personal Data Not Collected
.
Bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Education information, as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99), except as set forth in our employee/applicant privacy policy.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this Section 4.1 to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive Personal Information, including biometric information, precise geolocation data, characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport numbers, and the contents of your messages, email and text messages unless we are the intended recipient of the communication.
4.2. Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, email address, and password when you create an account to log in to our network ("
Account
").
If you use our Services on your mobile device we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number.
If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can disable on your mobile device the ability of our Services to receive location-based information.
Certain Services may require our collection of your phone number. We may associate that phone number with your mobile device identification information.
When you order products or services through our Services, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name,  billing information and shipping information. We may also collect your contractual details, such as your purchase and order record, including booking details for shows purchased, ticket quantities, and cost.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply.
If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, lottery, or giveaway offered via our Services, we may ask you for your first and last name, postal address, email address, and/or telephone number (e.g., to notify you if you’ve won or to comply with relevant law). In some situations, we may need additional information as a part of the entry process. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. You should read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
We may also collect Personal Data at other points within our Services that state that Personal Data is being collected.
4.3. Information You Provide to Facebook and other Social Networking Sites (SNS).
The Services may allow users to access Facebook (or another SNS) to interact with friends. If you are already logged into the Services and Facebook (or another SNS), when you click on "Connect with Facebook," or a similar function for another SNS, you will be prompted to merge your profiles. If you are already logged into the Services but not logged into Facebook or another SNS that we support, when you click on "Connect with Facebook," or a similar function for another SNS, you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to "Sign Up" for the SNS. By proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to Facebook’s or other SNS’s Terms of Use in your use of the Services. Conversely, if you are not currently registered as a user of the Services, and you click on "Sign in" using Facebook or another SNS that we support, you will first be asked to enter your Facebook or SNS credentials and then be given the option to register for the Services. In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account with us and show our relevant content to your Facebook or SNS friends. Once you register with us and connect with Facebook or another SNS, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS. Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have established with that SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices. You have the option to disable your connection with Facebook or another SNS at any time by logging into your account with us and modifying your settings accordingly.
4.4. Information Collected via Technology.
Information Collected by Our Servers
. To make our Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be operated by a third party, including Amazon Web Services) collect information from you, including information about the device you use to access our Services, the date and time you access our services, etc.
Log Files
. Like many online services, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. When using our Services, this information generally includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ("
ISP
"), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer our Services, track users’ movements within our Services, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. We do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
Cookies
. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. "
Cookies
" are small pieces of code that a website or app sends to your device. For users of our Services, we may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience.
Mobile Services.
We may also collect De-identified Data from your mobile device if you have downloaded our mobile application. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location, how you use the application, and information about the type of device you use (such as manufacturer and model of your device, your preferred language, unique device identifier, IP address of the device, and your location). In addition, in the event our Services crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Services. This Deidentified Data is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
4.5. Information Collected from You About Others.
If you decide to invite a third party to create an account with us, we will collect your and the third party’s names and email addresses or phone numbers in order to follow up with the third party. We rely on you to obtain whatever consents from the third party are required by law to allow us to access and collect the third party’s name and email address as required above. You or the third party may request that we delete this information as described in Section 10.3 of this Privacy Policy. When you invite friends to the Services, we will access your address book and we will import your contacts’ names and email addresses or phone numbers in order to facilitate the invitation. The email that is sent to your friends will come from your email address so that your friends know that you want to invite them to access our Services. We do not store any passwords you provide as part of the contact import process. We also collect some settings that help us to interpret your data, such as the language and keyboard settings that you have established, and the phone’s carrier, mobile network code, and mobile country code.
4.6. Location Information.
If you have enabled location services on your phone with respect to our Services, we collect your location information to suggest products or services in your general area. If you do not want this information collected by us, you can disable location services on your phone with respect to our Services.
4.7. A Note About Children.
We do not knowingly gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to us and we learn that the Personal Data relates to a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. In addition, we do not sell or share Personal Data related to a child under 16. If you believe that we might have collected any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at USsupport@todaytix.com.
5. Use of Your Personal Data
.
5.1. General Use.
In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Data in the following ways:
To facilitate the creation of and to assist our efforts to secure your account;
To identify you as a user in our system;
To provide improved administration of our Services;
To provide the Services you request;
To improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Services;
To send you a welcome email to verify ownership of the email address provided when your account was created;
To send you administrative email notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; and
To send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes.
5.2. Creation of Deidentified Data.
We may create De-identified Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Deidentified Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content and navigation of our Services. We reserve the right to use Deidentified Data for any other purpose and disclose Deidentified Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
6. Short Message Services and WAP.
We may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device. We may also make available content via WAP and mobile services. If you subscribe to one of our SMS services or an SMS service of one of our partners, you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes. We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. Data obtained through the short code program will not be shared with any third parties for their marketing reasons/purposes. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies.
By signing up for any SMS service, you consent to receive messages as described above and in our Terms of Use. You understand that your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.
7. Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
We disclose your Personal Data as described below. We share your Personal Data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product or service you have requested or authorized. We also share Personal Data with our Affiliates; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to maintain the security of our products and services; and to protect the rights and property of the Company and its customers.
7.1. Third Parties Designated by You.
When you use the Services, the Personal Data you provide will be shared with the third parties that you designate to receive such information, including other websites, your friends, relatives, and business associates. Depending on the type of access you grant to such third parties, they may also be permitted to edit the information you have provided to us and to designate others to access and edit such information. You may change your settings at any time as to who has access to your information by going to your account settings and changing your publishing options.
7.2. Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your Personal Data with third-party service providers to: provide you with the products or services that we offer you or that you order through our Services; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate the creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services for us. We require these third-party service providers to not use, retain or share your Personal Data other than to provide services for us.
7.3. Theatre Partners, Agents, Contractors.
We may disclose your Personal Data to any of our theatre partners, or to our agents or contractors who assist us in providing our services and products, processing transactions, fulfilling requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists, analyzing data, providing support services or in other tasks, from time to time. Our theatre partners, agents, and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
7.4. Affiliates.
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us ("
Affiliates
"), in which case our Affiliates will honor this Privacy Policy.
7.5. Corporate Restructuring.
We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires us, our business, or some or all of our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
7.6. Social Networking Sites.
Some of our Services may enable you to post content to SNSs. If you choose to post content to an SNS, we will provide information to the applicable SNS in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of any SNSs and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of such SNSs. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
7.7. Other Disclosures.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), we may disclose Personal Data if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or legal obligations, or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (iii) to protect or defend our rights or property or users of the Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
8. Third-Party Services.
Our Services may contain links to services provided by third-party companies ("
Third-Party Companies
"). When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Service and go to another service, and another entity may collect Personal Data or Deidentified Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these Third-Party Companies or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to any Third-Party Companies or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such Third-Party Companies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every service you use. The links to Third-Party Companies are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such Third-Party Companies or their content, products, or services.
9. Your Choices Regarding Information.
You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service:
9.1. Email Communications.
We will periodically send you free newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information in Section 10.2 below). Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you service-related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
9.2. Cookies.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the services you access. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or obtain the benefit of the complete functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.
9.3. De-Linking SNS.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account linked to your account with us, then you may de-link the SNS account in the "preferences" section in your account settings. You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Data with us when you connect with us through an SNS. Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust such permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account.
9.4. How We Respond to Do Not Track Requests.
The major browsers have attempted to implement the draft “Do Not Track” ("
DNT
") standard of the World Wide Web Consortium ("
W3C
") in their latest releases. As this standard has not been finalized, our Services are not compatible with DNT. We do not recognize DNT instructions or any other automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms. For information on all of these categories of cookies, and for more information generally on cookies please refer to aboutcookies.org.
9.5. Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.
You may change any of your Personal Data in your account by editing your profile. Pursuant to Section 10 below, you may request deletion by us of your Personal Data, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database but may remain in our archives. We may also retain your information for fraud detection or similar purposes.
9.6. Applications.
You can stop all collection of information by our mobile application(s) by uninstalling and deleting the application(s). You may use the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
10. Notice to California Residents.
The California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA) provide consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Data. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how you exercise those rights.
10.1. Your Rights
.
What Personal Data We Collect
You have the right to know what kinds of Personal Data we collect and our business purposes for that collection. We make this information available to consumers in the “Types of Data We Collect” section of this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Personal Data
You have the right to know how Personal Data is obtained, how it is used, and our business purposes for that use.
We make this information available to consumers in the “Use of Your Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Personal Data
You have the right to know if your Personal Data is shared with any third parties. We may share Personal Data to have Service Providers, as defined by the CCPA, perform services specified by written contract. In addition, we may share Personal Data with third parties for other permitted purposes, as permitted by the CCPA.
We make this information available to consumers in the “Disclosure of Your Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
Right to Opt-Out of Sharing of Personal Data
We may “share” Personal Data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Consumers may indicate their choice to opt out of the sharing of Personal Data with third parties for personalized advertising on third-party sites by
clicking here
.
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Data
You have the right to know whether your Personal Data is being sold. Your Personal Data is sold when it is shared with or communicated to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration except (i) if you interact with one or more third parties, or direct us to do so, (ii) for purposes of conveying opt out requests or (iii) in connection with a transaction in which such third party assumes control of all or part of our business.
We do not sell your Personal Data, so we do not offer an opt-out.
Right to Know, Right to Receive, Right to Correct, Right to Delete, Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to:
Know
what specific pieces of Personal Data the Company has collected and retained about you over the previous 12 months.
Receive
a copy of your Personal Data.
Correct
your Personal Data that the Company may have collected.
Delete
your Personal Data.
Right to Opt-Out
of sharing or selling your Personal Data.
10.2. Access Request; Information About Data Collected and Shared; Correct Personal Data.
You have a right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Data. You can make an access request by
clicking here
or mailing your request to: TodayTix, 1501 Broadway, Suite 1313, New York, NY 10036, Attn: Data Privacy. We will provide you the following information within 45 days of our receipt of a verifiable consumer request from you:
The categories of Personal Data we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collection of your Personal Data.
The business or commercial purpose for the sharing of your Personal Data.
The categories of persons with whom we share your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you.
You also have the right to request that the Company correct certain Personal Data that we may have collected about you. To do so, please make a correction request by emailing USSupport@todaytix.com or mailing your request to: TodayTix, 1501 Broadway, Suite 1313, New York, NY 10036, Attn: Data Privacy.
We will respond to your right to access, right to know and right to correct requests within 45 days, unless additional time (up to 45 more days) is needed, in which case we will let you know.
10.3. Deletion Request: Requesting Deletion of Personal Data.
You may choose to request the deletion of Personal Data collected by the Company. Within 45 days of our receipt of a verifiable consumer request from you, we will delete the Personal Data we have collected about you, except for situations when that information is necessary for us to: provide you with a good or service that you requested; perform a contract the Company entered into with you; maintain the functionality or security of our systems; comply with or exercise rights provided by applicable law; or use the information internally in ways that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information to us or that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with the Company. To exercise your right to request the deletion of your Personal Data, either
click here
or mail your request to: TodayTix, 1501 Broadway, Suite 1313, New York, NY 10036, Attn: Data Privacy. Requests for the deletion of Personal Data are free.
We will respond to your deletion requests within 45 days unless additional time (up to 45 more days) is needed, in which case we will let you know.
10.4. Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Data.
We do not sell your Personal Data to any third party.
10.5. Targeted Advertising; Opt-Out.
We may use your Personal Data for certain targeted advertising purposes. You can opt out of our sharing of Personal Data to Third-Party Companies by either
clicking here
or mailing your request to: TodayTix, 1501 Broadway, Suite 1313, New York, NY 10036, Attn: Data Privacy.
10.6.  Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not collect, use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information (as defined in the CCPA) for any purposes.
10.7. Process to Verify Consumer Requests.
When you submit your request, we will take steps to attempt to verify your identity. We will seek to match the information in your request to the Personal Data we maintain about you. As part of our verification process, we may ask you to submit additional information, use identity verification services to assist us, or if you are a registered customer, we may ask you to sign in to your account as part of our identity verification process. Please understand that, depending on the type of request you submit, to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Data, we will only complete your request when we are satisfied that we have verified your identity to a reasonable degree of certainty.
If you have a TodayTix account.
To access or delete Personal Data related to a TodayTix account, users can log in to their account and make a request directly to our privacy team. It is important to note that a valid login is required to access or delete Personal Data associated with a TodayTix account. This safeguard is in place to protect the security of consumers and their data.
If you do not have a TodayTix account.
If you do not have a TodayTix account or would like to export or delete Personal Data not linked to a TodayTix account, you can make a request directly to our privacy team at USSupport@todaytix.com. As this request is for Personal Data outside of a logged-in TodayTix account experience, we require two identification factors, such as a verified email and phone number, to process a request to access Personal Data.
10.8.  Authorized Agents.
The CCPA allows California consumers to designate an authorized agent to exercise certain of their rights under the CCPA.  To exercise your rights on your behalf, your authorized agent may follow the same steps outlined in this Privacy Policy.  Authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization, in particular written permission signed by the consumer, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.  We will not charge the authorized agent a fee in connection with their request.
10.9.  Opt-Out Preference Signals.
In addition to the advertising opt-out options above, we capture opt out preference signals, and to the extent users have rights under applicable law, treat them as valid requests to opt out of sale/sharing at the browser level. An opt-out preference signal is a setting or extension in a browser or device that a web user sets to prevent the selling or sharing of personal information on sites the browser or device visits. We will process your signal as a request to opt information associated with your device, browser, and/or consumer profile out of selling and sharing with third parties.
11. Security of Your Personal Data.
For online payments, we use the payment services of
Adyen
. We do not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account information.
We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your account. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, we cannot and do not guarantee its absolute security.
12. Non-Discrimination.
Providing your Personal Data may be a requirement necessary to enter into or to perform a contract, including for the performance of the Services, and replying to and managing requests for information, questions, communication, or feedback. In such circumstances, refusal to provide your Personal Data would make it impossible for us to perform the contract or to provide the requested Services. However, providing your Personal Data for marketing purposes alone is optional; refusal to provide your Personal Data for marketing purposes will not have any impact on the performance of our Services.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here
www.todaytix.com/us/privacy-policy
and we will change the "Last Updated" date above. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Explore popular cities
Chicago
London
Melbourne
New York
Sydney
Resources
About us
Help & Support
Careers
List an event
Get more TodayTix
Gift cards
TodayTix Live
TodayTix Rewards
Partner Sites
London Theatre
New York Theatre Guide
Download the app
Follow us
©
2025
TodayTix Group All rights reserved.
Terms
Privacy
Buyer Guarantee
Cookie settings
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
Do not sell or share my personal information (for California residents only)