Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy explains how your data is processed and protected.
The terms “user” and “you” refer to a person that uses Pillowtalk Application (“App” or “Pillowtalk App”), visits Pillowtalk website, interacts with Pillowtalk social media (together as “Services”) or contacts Pillowtalk.
The terms “Pillowtalk” and “we” refer to a company incorporated in the US which is responsible for processing personal data as described in this Privacy Policy:
Pillowtalk App Inc.
DATA WE PROCESS
Data from Pillowtalk App
Pillowtalk has no access to user's account data, Apple ID, or Google ID. We do not collect user's name or contact details unless the user contacts us directly.
When you open Pillowtalk App, we automatically collect certain data about the App and how you engage with it, such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, approximate location, the pages of the App that you open, time, type, frequency, and duration of your activities in the App.
We do not have access to any content you add in the App, such as notes in the diary. We cannot see what questions are displayed to you in the App or your responses.
Example: We know that a person with a certain IP address was meditating on March 25, 2021, from 9am till 9:30am and then made a note, but we do not have access to that note.
Some of the data we collect is obtained through third parties, such as Telemetry Deck, which is GDPR compliant. For this purpose, cookies may be installed on your device. Pillowtalk does not use cookies for marketing or advertising purposes. The only cookies Pillowtalk App uses are those provided by analytical services we cooperate with to obtain information on users' activity in the App.
In case of an error in the App, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilizing the service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
When users utilize AI features in the Pillowtalk App, data such as user inputs are collected by AI services we cooperate with. This information may be stored on OpenAI servers, and Pillowtalk App Inc. is not responsible for its safety at any moment.
Apple HealthKit and Google Fit
Pillowtalk App offers its users the option to connect with their Apple HealthKit or Google Fit. With users' consent, Pillowtalk App communicates with HealthKit or Google Fit to share data.
If you grant Pillowtalk App access to HealthKit or Google Fit, it can add information to certain sections of HealthKit or Google Fit, such as adding the minutes of meditation you were practicing.
We also collect certain non-sensitive information through HealthKit or Google Fit, such as data related to “mindful minutes” or “activity” sections in Pillowtalk App that facilitate providing a personalized experience.
We do not use information gained through HealthKit or Google Fit for advertising or similar services. You can stop Pillowtalk App from accessing your data in HealthKit or Google Fit by changing the settings at any time.
Location Data
Pillowtalk App offers its users the option to share their exact location.
If you grant Pillowtalk App access to your location, we can provide you with a more personalized experience, such as giving you suggestions on how certain places may be connected to your well-being. You can stop Pillowtalk App from accessing your exact location data by changing the settings at any time.
Purchase and Financial Data
Pillowtalk has no access to users' Apple ID or Google ID and financial information they provide in the process of purchasing a Pillowtalk App subscription. We do not collect or have access to your name, address, phone number, email address, ID number, credit card information, bank account details, or anything else that can personally identify you while you make a purchase.
Purchases made through the Apple In-App purchase feature are subject solely to Apple's terms and conditions and Apple's Privacy Policy. Purchases made through Google In-App are subject solely to Google Play's Terms of Service and Google's Privacy Policy.
Pillowtalk is not liable for any in-app purchases. You can request a refund directly from the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store. Revenuecat is a service provider that manages the performance of the purchasing process. The controllers for your financial data are the entities listed above.
Contact Data
If users contact Pillowtalk, we collect their data.
We collect data you share when you contact us directly or fill in a form on our website. When you contact us via email, we collect your email address and may collect your name or other contact details (e.g., telephone number) if you provide them. The contact form requires giving your name and email address.
We have access to details of your social network profile if you contact us via Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, Discord, or Mastodon. Data we collect includes the content of the messages you send us.
We use this data to respond to you and research your questions or concerns properly. If you express interest in our Services and send us your contact details, we may occasionally send you messages in connection with our Services, presenting information and offerings from Pillowtalk. If you do not wish to receive any further information from us, you can object by clicking the link in the email received from us or by sending us a message with your request.
LEGAL GROUNDS
We process data based on the following legal grounds:
Contract
: The data we process is necessary to provide you with service, delivering content and exercises that address your individual needs. It's also necessary to fix technical problems that may occur while using the App.
Legitimate Interest
: We process data to develop our service and offer users a more advanced product, address requests, and get feedback regarding Services.
Consent
: For accessing data through Apple HealthKit, Google Fit, and exact location data, and for sending information about new App features, updates, or useful information about Services.
DATA FROM PILLOWTALK WEBSITE
When users visit the Pillowtalk website, limited analytical data such as users' device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, approximate location, the pages opened, time, and duration of the visit are collected by analytical services we cooperate with. For this purpose, cookies may be installed on your device. Pillowtalk does not use cookies for marketing, advertising, or sold to third-party purposes. The only cookies Pillowtalk website uses are those provided by analytical services we cooperate with to obtain information on website usage and traffic.
SOCIAL MEDIA DATA
Pillowtalk maintains social media profile pages on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, Discord, and Mastodon ("fan pages").
When you visit our fan pages, Pillowtalk collects communications, content, and other information that you provide us. If you have an account on these platforms, we automatically have access to your public information. Whenever you interact with fan pages, the platforms use cookies and similar technologies to track the usage behavior of fan page visits. On this basis, we receive only statistical, depersonalized (anonymized) information about visitors to our fan page. We do not have access to your personal information, which is managed exclusively by the social media platforms.
RETENTION PERIOD
We will keep your data as long as it is necessary for the purposes described above. When you raise a valid objection to receiving information from us or processing your personal data on a legitimate interest basis, we will keep your data no longer than it is necessary to perform the contract or for legal purposes. The retention period for personal data from social media lasts as long as the relevant page, content, or user exists on the social media platforms.
PARTNERS
We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, and backup. We share users' data with analytical services that support us with data analyses. Personal data related to subscriptions and payments are solely processed by relevant App Stores providers and do not lie within Pillowtalk's competence.
When using Pillowtalk App, you may agree that we will share some health-related information with third-party devices and services, such as Apple HealthKit and Google Fit. We do not share your information without your permission.
CHILDREN
Pillowtalk App is not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 16. However, if law requires that you must be older for Pillowtalk to lawfully process your personal data without parental consent, then you must acquire this minimum age.
USER'S RIGHTS
You have the right to access, correct, or change your personal information. You can change most of your information yourself in the Pillowtalk app. For other cases, please contact us.
If we rely on your consent to process certain personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Pillowtalk App provides you with the ability to obtain your data and easily transfer it to another service provider.
You can decide to delete your data at any time - it will be done automatically when you remove Pillowtalk App.