Baron Services, Inc.
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW). BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
1.
General.
Baron Services, Inc. ("Baron") and its subsidiaries respect the privacy rights of our users and are committed to protecting the information collected through its online products, online services, applications and websites (together "Services"). Baron has adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain how Baron collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Baron's Services.
Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at Baron Services, Inc., 4930 Research Drive, Huntsville, Alabama 35805.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Baron reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Baron makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Baron may post a notice on Baron's website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
2.
Non-personal data.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means "aggregate" and "de-personalized" information, which is data Baron collects about the use of Baron Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Baron may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Baron to identify you. The types of non-personal data Baron may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to unique device identifier or other device identifier ("UDID"); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and location; (v) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Baron to enhance the Services and other Baron products and services.
Baron may use and disclose to Baron's partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Baron services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Baron may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
3.
Ad Serving Technology.
Baron reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Baron or Baron's partners and contractors. Baron may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Baron or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Baron or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location), UDID, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and application information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Baron may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies may be integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Baron takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Baron does not have access to or control of third party technologies.
4.
Personal Data.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "personal data" means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Likely situations when you make personal data available to Baron include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, contests and special events; (ii) subscribing to newsletters; (iii) requesting technical support; and (iv) otherwise through use of Baron Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Baron may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/nick name, e-mail address, phone number, photo or other image, birthdate, sex, address, credit card information, shipping information; and location (only if directly identifiable to you, otherwise Baron treats location as non-personal data).
Baron may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Baron services and products. Baron may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Baron may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative and/or commercial content about Baron's services or third party products and services Baron thinks may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Baron may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Baron. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Baron may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Baron and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data.
Baron collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Baron may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Baron may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Baron's behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Baron. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Baron may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Baron has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Baron. Baron is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Baron may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Baron to legal liability. Baron may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Baron has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Baron's rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Baron believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Baron's rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Baron.
6.
Data Retention.
Baron retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Baron deletes all aforementioned data in its possession. Baron does not verify the correctness of personal data.
Even if data is changed or deleted, Baron may still retain some of the data to resolve disputes, enforce Baron user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.
7.
Cookies and tracking.
The Services may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags, clear GIFs and web beacons. Baron treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
E-mails and other electronic communications Baron sends to you may contain code that enables Baron to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any). Baron may combine that information to other information Baron has about you and Baron may use that information to improve the Services and/or provide customized communications to you.
8.
Third Party Terms and Conditions.
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and agree that Baron is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Baron may in its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise enable you to access third party products or services. Please note that, while using such products or services, you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Baron. Baron is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. The fact that Baron is linking to those products or services does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
If you use Baron's mobile applications, Baron shares your personal information with Flurry Analytics.  You can opt out of Flurry Analytics tracking and personalized ads/recommendations from Flurry by clicking
here
.  The Flurry Analytics tracking of your mobile device will stop across all mobile native applications within the Flurry network. In addition, Flurry will stop providing personalized recommendations to your device identifier and/or MAC address across all native application publishers within the Flurry network.
9.
Safeguards.
Baron follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Baron's possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Baron's possession. Personal data collected by Baron is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Baron's reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
10.
Other.
Baron may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Baron's stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
11.
Further information.
Baron regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Baron receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Baron's policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Baron will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Baron.