Update Date:August 1st, 2022.
Effective Date:August 1st, 2022.
Danale Privacy Statement
contents
We represent and warrant that
What information is collected, and how is it used?
Who do we share your information with?
Safety and Security
Retention Policy
Accessing other features on your device
You are in control of your information
Transferring personal information outside of your jurisdiction
Miscellaneous
Do I have to agree to any third-party terms and conditions?
Contact Us
We represent and warrant that
Danale Inc. operates Danale's website and apps for the purpose of providing remote control and management
              of your devices.
This Privacy Policy governs the collection, use, disclosure, processing, and protection of personal
              information that you provide to us when you use our products and services through https://www.Danale.com/
              and the suite of apps offered on mobile devices by Danale Inc. and its affiliates (hereinafter “Danale” or
              “We”). Suppose we ask you to provide certain information to verify your identity when using the Danale
              Cloud Platform to interface with our products and services. In that case, we will use that information
              only in strict accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or our Terms and Conditions.
This Privacy Policy was written to serve user interests best. It is essential that you fully understand
              our user information collection and use practices and have the final control over Danale's personal
              information.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” refers to data that can identify a
              specific individual, either by itself or in connection with other information regarding that individual to
              which Danale has access to. Such personal information includes your name, address, telephone number, and
              email address.
By using the Danale Cloud Platform to connect to our products and services, you acknowledge that you have
              read, acknowledged, and accepted all of the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy, including any changes
              we may make from time to time. We are committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality, and security
              of your personal information in compliance with applicable laws, including data protection laws local to
              your region. We warrant that all our employees and agents will perform these obligations.
You warrant that you were an adult when you first started using the product/service. If you are a minor,
              you are required to have secured prior consent to your use of the app and acceptance of all terms of
              service in this Agreement from a guardian before use.
Danale is dedicated to providing its users with the best possible experience. Should you have any
              questions regarding the data processing practices outlined in this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data
              Protection Officer at
support@danale.com
so that
              we can address your specific concerns. We are happy to deal with your issue directly.
What information is collected, and how is it used?
1. Information Collected
We will ask you for the personal information necessary for the provision of services. If you do not
              provide us with such personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or
              services.
We collect the following types of information (some personal):
you provide to us or upload (including your contact information)
: we may collect any or
              all of the personal information you provide to us, such as your name, phone number, email address,
              shipping address, Danale account information (e.g. your security-related information, name, date of birth,
              gender, ID information), order and invoice information, the information you provide to us through Danale
              Cloud or other applications (e.g. photo albums, contact list), and other synchronized profiles or data
              (e.g., images for facial recognition, fingerprints, voice), information related to account creation (e.g.,
              nickname, avatar) and participation in Danale forums or platforms, contact numbers you add, messages you
              send, feedback, and any other information you provide to us.
Device or SIM card related information
: all information related to your Danale device.
For example, IMEI number, IMSI number, MAC address, Danale version, device manufacturer information, model
              name, and network operator. Information we designate as relevant to you: we may collect and use
              information such as Danale accounts.
Location information (for specific services/features only)
: various types of information
              related to your location. For example, country code, city code, mobile network code, neighborhood
              identification, latitude and longitude information, and language settings. WLAN access point, Bluetooth,
              and other data that may provide relevant location information.
Login Information
: information related to your use of certain features, applications, and
              websites. For example, cookies and other anonymous identifiers, IP addresses, temporary message logs, and
              standard system logs. Other information: characteristic environmental values (ECV) (i.e., from Danale
              account, phone device account, connected WiFi account, and geolocation information)
Third-party apps
: list of mobile apps required by third-party apps.
We may also collect other anonymous information that cannot be used to identify any individual. For
              example, we may collect information on the device model, system version number, and unique Danale phone
              device identification number for particular services. This information is collected for the purpose of
              improving the services we provide to you. The type and amount of information collected depends on how you
              use or participate in our products and/or services.
2. How Will This Personal Information be Used?
Personal information is collected for the purpose of providing you with products and/or services and to
              ensure our compliance with applicable laws. You hereby agree that we may process your personal information
              for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy and disclose such information to our affiliates (which
              are involved in the telecommunications, social media, technology, and cloud sectors) and third-party
              service providers (as defined below).
We are likely to use your personal information for the following purposes:
Providing, processing, maintaining, improving, and developing the products and/or services we provide to
              you, including after-sales services, customer support, and services provided through devices or websites.
Communicating with you about your devices, services, or any general inquiries (e.g., updates, customer
              inquiries, our events, and notifications).
Allowing you to post comments in a public forum.
Launching promotions such as lotteries or Facebook events.
Analyzing and developing statistical information to better improve our products and services.
Storing and maintaining your personal information for business purposes or to meet legal obligations.
More details about how we use your information, possibly including your personal information, are outlined
              below:
your Danale account
. Personal information collected during the creation of a Danale
              account via our website or mobile app is used to create the user’s personal Danale account and profile
              page.
Processing your purchase orders
. Information related to e-commerce orders may be used to
              process purchase orders and related after-sales services, including customer support and re-shipping.
              Order numbers will be used to cross-check delivery partner orders and package delivery status. Recipient
              information, including name, address, phone number, and postal code will be used for delivery. Email
              addresses will be used to send package tracking information to users. Shopping carts are used to print
              invoices and allow customers to identify their items in the package.
Allowing you to use the Danale forum
. Personal information associated with the Danale
              forum or other Danale web platforms may be used to display profile pages, interact with other users, and
              facilitate participation in the forum.
Providing Danale Cloud and related services
. Collected information (device or SIM card
              related information, including IMEI number, IMSI number, phone number, device number, device operating
              system, MAC address, device category, system, and performance information; location information such as
              mobile country code, mobile network code, location area code, and neighborhood identification) for
              activation of services such as Danale Cloud, call log synchronization, SMS synchronization, and find
              device; along with user authentication and service activation.
Diagnosing activation failures
: relevant geolocation information is used to assess SIM
              activation failures (e.g. short message service (SMS) gateway and network failures) to identify and notify
              the service network operator of such failures.
Providing other Danale Cloud services
. Other information collected for Danale Cloud
              services may be used to perform or provide user services such as downloading, updating, registering, and
              other operations related to the Danale Cloud service. For example, personal information collected through
              the Theme Store may be used to provide personalized theme recommendations based on your download and
              browsing history.
Recording the location data of photos
. You can record location data as you take photos.
              Location data is saved to the header of the photo and can be reviewed under the album folder. If you do
              not wish to record your location while taking photos, you can always disable this feature in your device’s
              camera settings.
Providing location-based services
. During your use of Danale Cloud services, Danale or a
              third-party service provider may use location information to provide you with the correct version of the
              service and more accurate positioning for the best possible user experience, such as for weather
              information and location access (as part of the platform). You can disable this feature at any time
              through the device settings or by terminating this application.
Improving user experience
. Certain optional add-on features such as the User Experience
              Program allow Danale to analyze user phone and Danale Cloud services behavior data to improve user
              experience, such as by sending crash reports.
Allowing you to use the Security Center
. Collected information may be used for security
              and system maintenance functions in the Security Center, such as the ad blocker, virus scanner, power
              saving modes, blocklists, and cleaner. Third-party service providers operate some of these functions.
              Non-personal information such as virus definition libraries will be used for virus scanning functions.
Providing push notification services
. The Danale account and IMEI number will also be
              provided to the Danale push notification service to allow it to evaluate ad performance and send
              notifications of software updates or new product releases, including sales and promotional information.
              You can disable this feature at any time by changing your preferences under “Settings”.
Verifying user identity
. Danale uses the ECV to authenticate users and to prevent access
              from hackers or other authorized persons.
Collecting user feedback
. The feedback you choose to provide is invaluable in helping us
              improve our services. To track the feedback you choose to provide, Danale may use your personal
              information to contact you and maintain its records.
Sending notifications
. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send
              you important notifications regarding purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Launching promotional activities
. Suppose you partake in a lottery, contest, or similar
              promotion through Danale’s Facebook page or other social media platforms. In that case, we may use the
              personal information you provide to better run such events.
3. Direct Marketing
We may use your name, phone number, email address, Danale account, and IMEI number to provide you with
              promotional materials related to products and services offered by Danale and its partners (which provide
              web/mobile applications and cloud products/services). To improve user experience, we will recommend
              products, services, and events based on your purchase history, website browsing history, birthday, age,
              gender, and geographic location. We strictly comply with your local data protection laws and require
              independent and explicit permission. We will only use your personal information with your consent or to
              the extent that you do not object. You have the right to terminate use of your personal data for planned
              direct marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to receive certain categories of emails, you may
              unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of such emails. We will not transfer your personal information to
              our business partners for direct marketing purposes.
4. Cookies and Other Technologies
What information is collected and how is it used
? Danale and third-party service
              providers use technologies such as cookies, tags, and scripts. These technologies are used to analyze
              trends, manage the site, track users’ behavior, and gather demographic information on the userbase as a
              whole. We receive individual and aggregate reports from these companies based on their use of the
              technologies described above.
Log files
: as with most websites, we collect and specific data in log files. Such
              information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP),
              referral/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We do not link this
              automatically-collected data to any other information we collect from you.
Advertising
: we work with third-party service providers to display ads on our website or
              manage our ads on other websites. Our third-party service providers may use technologies such as cookies
              to collect information about your activities on their websites or other websites to serve you with ads
              more relevant to your browsing activity and interests.
Mobile analytics
: we use mobile analytics software in some of our mobile apps to better
              understand how our mobile software functions in your phone. This software may record information such as
              how often you use the application. These events occur within the application, cumulative usage,
              performance data, and where a crash occurs. We do not link the information stored in the analytics
              software to any personal information you submit in the mobile application.
Local storage - HTML5/Flash
: We use HTML5 or Flash local storage objects (LSOs) to store
              content and preferences. Depending on your web browsing behavior, third parties who work with us to
              provide certain features or place advertisements on our website may also collect and store information via
              HTML5 or Flash cookies. Various browsers provide their management tools to remove HTML5 locally stored
              objects.
Who do we share your information with?
Who do we share your information with?
From time to time, we may disclose your personal information to third parties (as defined below) to
              provide the products or services you have requested.
We may disclose such information to the third-party service providers and affiliates listed in the section
              below. In all cases described in this section, Danale warrants that it will only share your personal
              information with your authorization. In all circumstances described below, Danale will contractually
              specify the practices and obligations to comply with applicable local data protection laws third parties
              must comply with before Danale shares your personal information with any such provider. Danale will
              contractually ensure that third-party service providers comply with the privacy standards applicable to
              them in your jurisdiction.
1. Sharing Information With Other Danale Entities and Third-Party Service Providers
To facilitate our business operations and provide you with full functionality of our products and
              services, we may from occasionally disclose your personal information to Danale affiliates (involved in
              the communications, social media, technology ,or cloud sectors) or third-party service providers (mail
              stores, delivery service providers, telecommunications companies, data centers, data storage facilities,
              customer service providers, advertising and promotion service providers, and Danale agents ) [Affiliates
              and/or other third parties] (hereinafter collectively “Third-Party Service Providers”). Such third-party
              service providers may process your personal information on behalf of Danale or for one or more of the
              aforementioned purposes. When you use certain apps on our devices, we may share your IP address with third
              parties to provide you with your requested services. If you wish to retract the permission you've given us
              to share this information, please contact us by email at
support@danale.com
.
2. Sharing Information With Entities Within the Danale Corporate Ecosystem
Danale and a group of fantastic companies have joined together to make up the Danale ecosystem. Danale
              Ecosystem, Inc., an independent entity funded and operated by Danale, serves as an expert in relevant
              fields. Danale may disclose your personal information to Danale Ecosystem to facilitate the provision and
              improvement of exciting products and services (including software and hardware). Certain products and
              services will use the Danale brand, while other products may use their brands. Danale Ecosystem, Inc. may
              occasionally share data related to Danale-branded products and services with Danale to ensure the software
              and hardware services can provide better functionality and user experience. Suppose Danale merges,
              acquires, or sells its assets in whole or in part. In that case, we will notify you by email and/or by
              posting a prominent notice on our website of any changes in the ownership and use of your personal
              information, along with any choices you may have.
3. Sharing Information with Other Entities
Where required by applicable law, Danale may disclose your personal information without your further
              consent.
Subject to applicable laws, regulations, and national standards such as the Cybersecurity Law and the
              Information Security Technology — Personal Information Security Specification , we will share, transfer,
              and publicly disclose your personal information without your authorization and/or consent, if:
(1) it is related to the performance of Danale’s obligations under laws and regulations.
(2) it is directly related to national security or national defense.
(3) it is directly related to public safety, public health, or significant public interest.
(4) it is directly related to the investigation, prosecution, adjudication, and enforcement of sentences.
(5) it is necessary to protect your or another individual's life, property, or other significant legal
              rights and interests, but it is challenging to obtain your consent.
(6) it is personal information disclosed on your own volition.
(7) it is personal information collected from lawful and public sources of information, such as news
              reports and government information disclosure.
Subject to the aforementioned laws and regulations, the disclosure of any de-identified personal
              information for which re-identification by the recipient is impossible can be made without notification or
              consent.
4. Information That Does Not Require Consent
We may share aggregated anonymous information with third parties (such as advertisers on our website) for
              commercial purposes; we may share general trends in the use of our services, such as the number of
              customers within certain population demographics that have purchased certain products or engaged in
              certain transactions.
To eliminate any uncertainty, Danale may collect, use, or disclose your personal information without your
              consent in circumstances and to the extent expressly permitted by local data protection laws (for example,
              to comply with a subpoena) and when we may believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to
              protect our rights, the personal safety of you or another party, to investigate fraud, or to respond to a
              government request.
5. Transfer of information.
Transfer refers to how the control over personal information is transferred from Danale to another
              controller. We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual
              except under the following circumstances:
(1) Explicit Consent: With your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other
              parties.
(2) In the event of a merger, acquisition, or liquidation involving the transfer of personal information,
              we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound
              by this Policy. We will seek your authorization and consent in case of any changes to the purpose of using
              your personal information.
Safety and Security
1. Security Measures
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure. To protect against unauthorized access,
              disclosure, or other similar risks, we have implemented a process of reasonable physical, electronic, and
              managerial measures to safeguard the information we collect from your mobile device and the Danale
              website. We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.
For example, you may choose to use our two-step verification process to secure your Danale account better.
              When you send or receive information to or from our servers with an Danale device, we ensure that such
              data is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and other algorithms.
All your personal information is stored on a secure server and protected in a controlled facility. We
              classify your data according to their importance and sensitivity and ensure that your personal information
              has the highest security level. We guarantee that employees and third-party service providers who provide
              products and services to you with access to such information have strict contractual confidentiality
              obligations. If they fail to fulfill these obligations, they will be awarded disciplinary sanctions or
              their employment will terminate. Similarly, we have unique access control measures for cloud-based data
              storage. In short, we regularly review information collection, storage and processing practices, including
              physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access and use.
Though the aforementioned reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by
              the relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, due to the open nature of the Internet
              environment, we cannot guarantee your personal information's absolute security during unsafe
              communications. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to ensure the security
              of your personal information, such as setting complex passwords, changing your account password regularly,
              not disclosing personal information such as your account password to others, and using all sharing
              functionality with care. You should be aware that Danale’s liability if your information is compromised
              due to personal actions (e.g., sharing) is limited to effective judicial judgments.
There is always a risk of information leakage in network environments. When there are accidents, force
              majeure events, and other circumstances that lead to the risk of your information leaking, we will strive
              to control the situation and inform you promptly of the cause of the incident, the security measures we
              are taking, and the security measures that you may take.
We will take all feasible steps to protect your personal information. However, you should be aware that
              the use of the Internet is not always secure, and as such, we cannot guarantee the security or integrity
              of any incoming or outgoing personal information.
In the event of a personal information security incident, we will inform you, as required by law and
              regulations of the basic circumstances and possible effects of the security incident, measures we have
              taken or will undertake to deal with it, recommendations on measures you can undertake to prevent or
              reduce such risks, and remedies available to you. We will inform you of the event via e-mail, letter,
              telephone, or push notification. If we cannot notify at-risk persons individually, we will make an
              announcement in a reasonable and effective manner. If the incident involves the personal information of
              children, the child and his or her guardian(s) will be notified in accordance with relevant laws. We shall
              report such breaches to the appropriate authorities as required by laws and regulations.
2. What You Can Do
You can play a role in keeping your personal information safe by not disclosing your login password or
              account information to anyone (unless you duly authorize that person). Whenever you are logged in as a
              Danale account user (especially on someone else’s computer or a public Internet terminal), you should
              always log out at the end of your session. Danale will not be responsible for the leakage of personal
              information caused by your failure to maintain its confidentiality. Notwithstanding the aforementioned,
              you must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account by any other user or of any other
              breach of security.
Your assistance will help us protect the privacy of your personal information.
Retention Policy
We will retain personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected
              or as required or permitted by applicable law. We will delete or de-identify personal information if it
              can be reasonably inferred that the retention of the information will not fulfill the purpose for which it
              was collected and when the retention is no longer necessary for legal purposes, dispute resolution,
              enforcement of our agreements, or other business purposes.
Accessing other features on your device
Our apps may access certain features on your device, such as enabling email use of contacts, SMS storage,
              WLAN network status, and other features. This information is used to allow the proper execution and use
              of these apps on your device. You may revoke permission at any time by terminating the app or contacting
              us at
support@danale.com
You are in control of your information
1. Accessing, Updating, and Correcting Personal Information
You have the right to request access to and/or correction of any of your personal information in our
              possession. When you update your personal information, you will be asked to verify your identity before we
              process your request. Once we have sufficient information to process your request to access or correct
              your personal information, we will respond to your request within the timeframe required by applicable
              data protection laws.
We usually provide these services free of charge, but reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for
              data access requests.
If you wish to request access to personal data in our possession or if you believe that any information we
              hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. You can email us at
support@danale.com
2. Withdrawal of Consent
You may revoke your consent to collecting, using, and/or disclosing your personal information in our
              possession or control by submitting a request. We will process your request within a reasonable time after
              it is received and will no longer collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information thereafter.
Please note that your withdrawal of consent may result in certain legal consequences. Depending on the
              extent to which you revoke your consent for us to process your personal information, you may no longer be
              able to use Danale’s products and services.
3. Delete your account
You can apply to delete your account by submitting a request(How to submit: "Setting"-"Help and feedback"-"Feedback"-"Account issue"). We will contact you to confirm your information and delete your account within 3 workdays after you submit your request. After deleting your account, the product and service we provided will stop, and your personal information will be deleted from our service unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. The account can not be restored, you have to register a new account if you wish to use related products and/or services again.
Transferring personal information outside of your jurisdiction
Suppose we need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction, either to our affiliates
              (which are involved in the communications, social media, technology, and cloud sectors) or to third-party
              service providers. In that case, we will do so in accordance with applicable law. In particular, we shall
              ensure that all such transfers meet the requirements of applicable local data protection laws by
              implementing appropriate security safeguards.
Danale may use internally operated and controlled overseas facilities to process or back up your personal
              information. Currently, Danale has data centers in China, the United States, and Europe. These
              jurisdictions may or may not have data protection laws that are similar to those in your own. We may
              transfer and store your personal information to our overseas facilities. This does not alter our warrants
              to protecting your personal information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Miscellaneous
1. Minors
It is the responsibility of parents to monitor their child’s use of our products and services. However,
              our policy does not require access to minors' personal information, nor the sending of any promotional
              materials to such groups. Danale does not seek or attempt to seek to receive any personal information from
              minors. If parents or guardians have reason to believe that a minor has submitted personal information to
              Danale without their prior consent, please contact us to ensure that such personal information is deleted
              and that the minor is unsubscribed from any applicable Danale services.
2. Priority
If you agree to the applicable User Agreement and an arises between the aforementioned agreement and this
              Privacy Policy, the User Agreement will prevail.
3. Applicable Law
We do not represent or warrant that this Privacy Policy complies with the privacy laws of any
              jurisdiction. As such, you should not interpret the Privacy Policy in accordance with such laws.
4. Update of Privacy Policy
We will periodically review our Privacy Policy and may modify it to reflect changes in our practices.
              Suppose we make material changes to this Privacy Policy. In that case, we will notify you by email (to the
              email address specified in your account), by posting an announcement on all Danale websites, or via mobile
              devices to ensure you are made aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Such Privacy Policy
              updates shall apply as of the effective date specified on the notice or website. We encourage you to check
              this page periodically for updates on our privacy practices. By continuous using the products and services
              on the website, your phone, and/or any other device, you are deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy
              Policy. We shall ask for your consent again when we wish to collect additional personal information from
              you or where we wish to use or disclose your personal information for a new purpose.
Do I have to agree to any third-party terms and conditions?
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to products and services provided by third parties. The products and
              services interfaced with the Danale Cloud Platform may include third-party products and services, as well
              as links to third-party websites. Information may also be collected from you when you use these products
              or services. We strongly recommend that you take the time to read that third party’s privacy policy with
              the same rigor you have read ours. We are not responsible for how third-parties use the personal
              information they collect from you, nor do we control their use. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other
              websites linked to by our service.
The following third-party Terms and Privacy Policies apply when you use these particular products.
By using PayPal or other third-party checkout services to complete and pay for your order, you agree that
              such a third-party checkout service provider's privacy policy applies to the information you provide on
              its website.
1. Social Media (Features) and Gadgets
Our website contains several social media features, including a Facebook "Like" button and widgets, such
              as “Share” button or interactive applets that run on our website. These features may collect your IP
              address, the pages you view on our site, and may use cookies to enable the corresponding features to
              function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by third parties or directly on our
              website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that
              provide them.
2. Single Sign-on
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may be able to log in to our website using a login service such as
              Facebook Connect or Open ID. These services will verify your identity and allow you to choose whether to
              share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us to pre-fill our
              registration form. Services such as Facebook Connect allow you to choose whether information about your
              personal activities on this website is published on your profile page and shared with others in your
              network.
For more details, see the Directory of
Third-Party SDKs Used by Danale App
.
For more details, see the Directory of
Third-Party SDKs Used by Danale App
.
For more details, see the Directory of
Directory of Third-Party SDKs Used by Danale App（Android）
and
Directory of Third-Party SDKs Used by Danale App（iOS）
.
Contact Us
Should you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or any questions about the collection,
              use, or disclosure of your personal information by Danale, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
              the following address with the subject “Privacy Policy”.
Danale Inc
9 Corporate Park #250, Irvine, CA
Postal Code: 92606
Tel: 949-387-2267
E-mail:
support@danale.com
Thank you for taking the time to read our privacy policy!