riedel.wtf
Toggle navigation
Apps
Redpoint
Processing
one sec
Homie
iRedstone
Track List
QuickScreen
Shortcut Remote
Blog
Press
About
Support
Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions
I aim to keep privacy policies for my apps as short as possible. As you might now, I earn money through selling apps and subscriptions, not by selling your data. With your consent, anonymized analytics data is shared with me, so that our apps can be improved even further.
In the following you can learn more about how I approach developing new apps, which principles I follow, and what that means for you.
Who are we?
My name is Frederik Riedel, and I am responsible at riedel.wtf GmbH for data privacy. My apps are available through https://riedel.wtf in different App Stores for different devices and operating systems.
If you have any questions, this if how you can reach me:
riedel.wtf GmbH
Reichenberger Str. 72
10999 Berlin
Germany
privacy@riedel.wtf
…or use my
contact form
.
Privacy First
All my apps process their data locally, on-device, and offline. This has some disadvantages, for example data can only be processed while the app is in foreground, but in most cases this works perfectly fine. Why would I transfer your user-data to any server and spend money on that CPU power, if I can provide the same user experience without?
The big advantage is
:
You
are in full control of
your
data. And I don‘t have access to it. Of course, there are obvious exceptions, for example when you sign in with 3rd party accounts (like Strava or TheCrag), or when you enable iCloud sync. But these are all factors that you have under your control and that you have to enable within the app or system settings.
When it comes to user-data, these are my core principles:
- Not collecting unnecessary data through data minimization.
- Processing as much data on device as possible.
- Making it clear to customers what data is collected and giving them tools to control how that data is used.
Terms & Conditions for In-App Purchases and Subscriptions
Subscriptions automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
Bug Reporting & User Data Submissions
Sometimes, when users report an issue with one of my apps, I'll ask for further information to investigate the issue. This can include screenshots and anonymized session data exports from apps, or crash reports. Submitted data is not shared with any third party. Its sole purpose shall remain to investigate and resolve the reported issue (e.g. inaccurate tracking of climbs) and helps me to improve the algorithm with test data. If you wish to delete your information you can always request this via email (privacy@riedel.wtf).
Special Terms
Redpoint – Climbing Tracker
Sensor Data collected by Redpoint
In case you decide to submit your overall climbing score to the leaderboard, your overall climbing distance and nickname, including an anonymized unique identifier, are submitted to the server. The unique identifier is necessary to sum up your scores on the server. Otherwise, each submitted score would stand for itself which wouldn't really make sense, right?
Redpoint collects a variety of sensor data from your Apple Watch in order to provide helpful climbing feedback:
Accelerometer and gyroscope data are being used to classify movements. The result (climbing or not climbing) is being used to create climbing statistics, such as ascended altitude. If available on your Apple Watch model, barometer and altimeter data is being used to calculate relative altitude changes. Heart rate data is being collected in order to visualize and correlate it with climbing activity. All collected data is submitted to Apple's Health app in order to “Close your Rings”.
Local Gym Rules & Climbing Safety with Redpoint
Make sure to follow the gym’s rules at all times. Some gyms do not allow to wear watches or fitness trackers while climbing. Make sure to have appropriate protection for your device. There are plenty of options available for Apple Watch (e.g. cases) to protect it from being scratched or damaged while climbing. Some people also prefer to wear a sweatband over their watch. When climbing with an iPhone, make sure that it’s secured from falling down (e.g. in a pocket with zipper or in a case wrapped around your arm). Do not attempt to look at the screen while climbing. Redpoint is running in the background. Start the workout before you start climbing. Focus on your climb while on the wall. Log your grade when you’re back safe on ground.
Newsletters
In case you decide to sign up for one of my newsletters to stay up to date with news regarding the development of our apps, you agree to receive emails from me as long as you stay subscribed. You can withdraw your agreement at any point by canceling your subscription via a provided link in the newsletter or via email (reply or newsletter@riedel.wtf).
Imprint
You can view my imprint
here
.
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Twitter