Privacy Policy - Wonderface
Effective Date: May 26th, 2024
Wonderface (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “us”) takes your privacy very seriously, and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. That value powers all of the decisions we make, including how we collect, use, share, store, and respect your information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make appropriate decisions on an informed and freely given basis.
1. Scope
1.1 This Privacy Policy applies to users of our services anywhere in the world, including users of our applications, official websites, or other services (hereinafter referred to as "Platform" or “Service”), unless covered by a separate privacy policy or additional terms of this policy. You must read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions so that you are fully aware of when, why, and how we collect and process your information.
1.2 This Privacy Policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them. Unless otherwise prescribed in the Privacy Policy, the terms in the Privacy Policy shall have the same implications as the terms in the Terms of Service.
1.3 IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY TERM IN THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
2. What Information We Collect
2.1 Face Data
We analyze users' photos and find out the facial key points (like eyes, nose, and mouth points) of the face in photo for face processing purpose. WE DO NOT collect face data. After the analyzing process ends all data will be deleted within 7 days, no data will be saved permanently.
In order to provide a Photo Generate feature, we needs to find out the facial key points of the photo you uploded (like eyes, nose, and mouth points). The complete generate process is:
You agree to transfer a photo to our server；
Our server detects a face in your photo;
Find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
And apply the effect to your photo based on the detected key points.
PLEASE NOTE THAT AFTER THE GENERATE PROCESS IS COMPLETED, THE PHOTOS YOU UPLOADED WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY DELETED WHINTHIN 7 DAYS.
2.2 Other Information
Information about your use of the Platforms.
We may collect information about your activity on the Platform, mainly including what information you click on, browse, download, share, and your search activity records, or any other information we provided during your use of our Services so that we could provide you with the functions of the platform.
Device and log information.
When you use our Services through the platform, to optimize your user experience, we make sure everything operates smoothly, and securely, we will collect your device and log information as follows: device model, the language set up on your phone, countries on mobile phones, operating system and system version number, international mobile equipment identity (IMEI), software version number, method, type and status of access to the network, service log information.
Feedback information.
When you contact us for feedback or customer service, we will collect the information and material that you submitted, and your contact information (such as your phone number, and email address), so that we can contact you and answer your questions or provide other services to you.
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection by contacting us, we will promptly cease all such use.
Purchase Information.
As soon as we are informed of any purchase activity, we may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases, including payment information. In some cases, you may need to provide us with additional information to verify your identity before completing a transaction.
Third-party payment processors process any payments made via our Services. WE DO NOT directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but we may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing details).
3. Which Permissions We May Need
3.1 To provide you with high-quality Services and improve your experience with our Platform, we may ask you to authorize the corresponding terminal device permissions in the following additional services we provide to you.
We collect the following permissions and corresponding information following the criterion of minimal data collection with your consent:
Camera permissions: for photo shooting；
Read and write external memory card: for reading and writing files on external memory card for photo editing；
Gets the current network status: to alert you whether you are currently using the mobile network or determine whether your WiFI network is available；
3.2 To use some features of the theme templates that need face matting, you can voluntarily permit our app to access the camera or photo album to obtain photos from your mobile device. Only after you confirm your permission, can our app access your camera and photo album. When you use some face recognition functions (including but not limited to theme templates), we automatically capture the positions and shapes of your five sense organs, analyze the facial feature information, store such information on our server for photo processing, and return the renderings to you.
3.3 PLEASE NOTE THAT we will not store your processed photos, face data, or renderings, or share them with any third party. Such information is processed only to run the Photo Generat feature and provide you with better renderings.
3.4 You can check the status of the above permissions in the system settings of your terminal device, and you can turn on or off any or all above permissions at your discretion at any time. PLEASE NOTE THAT when you open any permission, it means that you authorize us to collect and use the personal information corresponding to the permission to provide you with the above corresponding services.
3.5 Once you turn off any permission, it means that you cancel or revoke the authorization of the permission, and we will no longer continue to collect and use the corresponding personal information based on this permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to this permission. However, your decision to turn off the permissions will not affect the previous collection and use of information based on your previous authorization.
4. How We Collect Your Information
4.1 We collect information directly from you. We collect information directly from you when you use our Services on the platform.
4.2 We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like Google Analytics and AppsFlyer to collect information about your usage of our Platform.
5.How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use the information you have provided under this Policy to provide our Services, for advertising, or to communicate with you. Specifically, we may use your information for the following purposes:
We use the information to process and respond to your inquiries or to request your feedback.
We use your information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products and services. For example, we might look at usage trends to make sure the platform is easy to use.
We may use information for account and network security purposes, including to protect our services for the benefit of all our users, and pre-screening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content.
We may use your information for authentication, monitoring account and transaction risks, detection and security prevention, fraud monitoring, archive backup, customer security services, etc.
We might send you information about special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products. These might be our offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting.
We store and maintain your information for our legal obligations. For example, we may record, audit, analyze, and dispose of your information according to applicable laws in case of emergency.
6. Retention of Your Information
6.1 We retain your personal information except for the face data for as long as necessary to provide our services or fulfill the original or directly related purpose for which such information was collected, or for other business purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
6.2 We are required by law to keep some types of information for certain periods (e.g. statute of limitations). If your personal information is no longer necessary for the legal or business purposes for which it is processed, we will generally destroy or anonymize that information.
7. How We Share Your Information
7.1 We never sell any personal information to third parties, unless it may be shared only when necessary to perform a legitimate business function.
7.2 We may share your necessary personal information data with third-party service providers to help us deliver and improve our Services. We will confirm on what basis each third party will use your personal information and we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards and processes in place to protect your information.
7.3 We will disclose or transfer your Information, only if required to do so by law, or we have acquired consent from you, or in the good faith belief that any such action is necessary to:
comply with any legal requirements or comply with the legal process served on us or the Platforms;
protect and defend the rights or property of us;
and act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users or the general public.
7.4 We will not share, transfer, or disclose your personal information in a way of violates this Policy or applicable laws. In the event of a transfer of information that may result from a possible merger, division, acquisition, asset sale, or bankruptcy liquidation by us, we will require the successor to protect your personal information by laws, regulations, and standards not lower than those outlined in this Policy.
8. How We Protect Your Information
8.1 We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, or other similar risks, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from your use of our services on the platform. We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information.
8.2 We review our strategies and update them as necessary to meet our business needs, changes in technology, and regulatory requirements. These measures include but are not limited to, technical and organizational security policies and procedures, security controls, and employee training. For example, when you send or receive data from us, we make sure they are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") or other algorithms.
8.3 If we become aware of any breach that affects the security of your personal information, we will provide you with notice as required by applicable laws. By using the platform, you agree to accept those notices electronically.
9. Your Rights
9.1 If you would like further information on your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below at any time. Your local laws may permit you to request that we:
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your information for direct marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling);
update information that is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain information that we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;
transfer your information to a third-party provider of services;
revoke your consent for the processing of your information.
9.2 We will consider all requests and provide our response within the period stated by applicable laws. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with the information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
10. Supplemental Terms
10.1 California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.
“Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, WE DO NOT “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below.
Verification.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address associated with any personal information we have about you.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the application.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us. We will process such requests by applicable laws.
10.2 Your Nevada Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us as set forth below with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
10.3 European Union Residents Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the European Union, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country. You may have certain additional rights concerning your personal information under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “GDPR”). Nothing in this Agreement affects your rights to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
You may contact us at
getsupport@wonderface.net
to exercise any of the above rights. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity, and in some circumstances, we may charge a reasonable fee for access to your information.
Suppose you believe that our processing of your information is inconsistent with your data protection rights under the GDPR and we have not adequately addressed your concerns. In that case, you have the right to complain to the data protection supervisory authority of your country.
10.4 Children’s Privacy
General age limitation. The App is not directed at children under the age of 13, and our Terms of Use do not allow children under 13 years of age to use the App. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under the age of 13, we will delete it. We encourage parents with concerns to contact us.
Age limitation for EU residents and California Residents. Due to requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation and California Consumer Privacy Act, you shall be at least 16 years old to use our Services. To the extent prohibited by applicable law, WE DO NOT allow the use of the Service by EU residents and California residents younger than 16 years old, unless with the parent’s/guardian’s permission as provided above.
Suppose we unintentionally collect personal data or find any content with, or related to a child under age 13 (or 16 in the EU and California). In that case, we will delete such information as quickly as possible.
11. Modification of This Policy
11.1 The effective date of this Policy is set forth at the top of this webpage. We reserve the right to amend this Policy at any time with or without notice and will place any updates on this webpage.
11.2 The amended Policy supersedes all previous versions. Your continued use of products and services on our platform will be taken as acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you wish to exercise your rights in respect of your information, please contact us in the following ways:
Email address:
getsupport@wonderface.net