Table of Contents
Bold Poker Privacy policy
What we collect and why
Identity & access
Geolocation data
Website interactions
Cookies and Do Not Track
Voluntary correspondence
Information we do not collect
When we access or share your information
Your Rights With Respect to Your Information
How we secure your data
Location of Site and Data
BP
Bold Poker
/
Dec 07 2022
by
Martin Kavalar
Bold Poker Privacy policy
Adapted from the
Basecamp open-source policies
/
CC BY 4.0
The privacy of your data — and it is your data, not ours! — is a big deal to us. In this policy, we lay out: what data we collect and why; how your data is handled; and your rights to your data. We promise we never sell your data: never have, never will.
This policy applies to all products built and maintained by kater calling GmbH.
What we collect and why
Our guiding principle is to collect only what we need. Here’s what that means in practice:
Identity & access
When playing Bold Poker, we only identity your device using a generated random token. You can reset this token by re-installing the app. We do not collect any personal information.
Geolocation data
We log all access to all accounts by full IP address so that we can always verify no unauthorized access has happened. We keep this login data for as long as your product account is active.
We also log full IP addresses used to sign up a product account. We keep this record forever because they are used to mitigate spammy signups.
Web analytics data — described further below — are also tied temporarily to IP addresses to assist with troubleshooting cases.
Website interactions
When you browse our marketing pages or applications, your browser automatically shares certain information such as which operating system and browser version you are using. We track that information, along with the pages you are visiting, page load timing, and which website referred you for statistical purposes like conversion rates and to test new designs. We sometimes track specific link clicks to help inform some design decisions. These web analytics data are tied to your IP address and user account if applicable and you are signed into our Services.
Cookies and Do Not Track
We do use persistent first-party cookies to store certain preferences, make it easier for you to use our applications, and support some in-house analytics. A cookie is a piece of text stored by your browser to help it remember your login information, site preferences, and more. You can adjust cookie retention settings in your own browser. To learn more about cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit:
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
At this time, our sites and applications do not respond to Do Not Track beacons sent by browser plugins.
Voluntary correspondence
When you write kater calling with a question or to ask for help, we keep that correspondence, including the email address, so that we have a history of past correspondences to reference if you reach out in the future.
Information we do not collect
We don’t collect any characteristics of protected classifications including age, race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. You may provide these data voluntarily, such as if you include a pronoun preference in your email signature when writing into our Support team.
We also do not collect any biometric data. You are given the option to add a picture to your user profile, which could be a real picture of you or a picture of something else that represents you best. We do not extract any information from profile pictures: they are for your use alone.
When we access or share your information
We do not share any information or data with third parties.
If kater calling GmbH is acquired by or merged with another company — we don’t plan on that, but if it happens — we’ll notify you well before any info about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Your Rights With Respect to Your Information
At kater calling GmbH, we apply the same data rights to all customers, regardless of their location. Currently some of the most privacy-forward regulations in place are the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) in the US. Nextjournal recognizes all of the rights granted in these regulations, except as limited by applicable law. These rights include:
Right to Know.
You have the right to know what personal information is collected, used, shared or sold. We outline both the categories and specific bits of data we collect, as well as how they are used, in this privacy policy.
Right of Access.
This includes your right to access the personal information we gather about you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security and processing of that information.
Right to Correction.
You have the right to request correction of your personal information.
Right to Erasure / “To be Forgotten”.
This is your right to request, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, that your personal information be erased from our possession and, by extension, all of our service providers. Fulfillment of some data deletion requests may prevent you from using Nextjournal because our applications may then no longer work. In such cases, a data deletion request may result in closing your account.
Right to Complain.
You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information with the appropriate supervisory authority. To identify your specific authority or find out more about this right, EU individuals should go to
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Right to Restrict Processing.
This is your right to request restriction of how and why your personal information is used or processed, including opting out of sale of personal information. (Again: we never have and never will sell your personal data).
Right to Object.
You have the right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your personal information is processed.
Right to Portability.
You have the right to receive the personal information we have about you and the right to transmit it to another party.
Right to not be subject to Automated Decision-Making.
You have the right to object and prevent any decision that could have a legal, or similarly significant, effect on you from being made solely based on automated processes. This right is limited, however, if the decision is necessary for performance of any contract between you and us, is allowed by applicable law, or is based on your explicit consent.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
This right stems from the CCPA. We do and will not charge you a different amount to use our products, offer you different discounts, or give you a lower level of customer service because you have exercised your data privacy rights. However, the exercise of certain rights (such as the right “to be forgotten”) may, by virtue of your exercising those rights, prevent you from using our Services.
Many of these rights can be exercised by signing in and directly updating your account information. If you have questions about exercising these rights or need assistance, please contact us at help@boldpoker.net or at kater calling GmbH, Reichenberger Straße 62, 10999 Berlin, Germany. To identify your specific authority to file a complaint or find out more about GDPR, EU individuals should go to
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
How we secure your data
All data is encrypted via
SSL/TLS
when transmitted from our servers to your browser. The database backups are also encrypted. Most data are not encrypted while they live in our database (since it needs to be ready to send to you when you need it), but we go to great lengths to secure your data at rest.
Location of Site and Data
Our products and other web properties are operated in the European Union. If you are located in the United States or elsewhere outside of the European Union, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the European Union. By using our Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
⌃ ⇧ L
Log in
Try Nextjournal
Chat with us
💬
Help & Docs
📖
Changelog
✨