Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective date: August 1, 2023
At Most Days, Inc. (“Most Days”), we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn how we treat your personal information.
By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of Most Days Inc. Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy Table of Contents
What this Privacy Policy Covers
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting or Disclosing Personal Data
How We Disclose Your Personal Data
Tracking Tools, Advertising and Opt-Out
Data Security
Personal Data of Children
California Resident Rights
Exercising Your Rights under the CCPA
Other State Law Privacy Rights
European Union and United Kingdom Data Subject Rights
Contact Information
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Services. "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don't own or control or people we don't manage.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months.
Category of Personal Data
Examples of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share this Personal Data:
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name
Email
Phone number
Unique identifiers such as passwords
Service Providers
Payment Data
Financial account information
Payment card type
Credit or debit card number
Billing address, phone number, and email
Service Providers (specifically our payment processing partner, currently Stripe, Inc and Apple Inc.
Commercial Data
Purchase history with Most Days
Service Providers
Device/IP Data
IP address
Device ID
Type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Services
Service Providers
Advertising Partners
Analytics Partners
Web Analytics
Web page interactions
Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Services
Statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Services
Service Providers
Consumer Demographic Data
Age / date of birth
Gender
Service Providers
Geolocation Data
IP-address-based location information
Service Providers
Advertising Partners
Analytics Partners
Health Data
Medical conditions
Health or exercise activity monitoring
Mental health information
Service Providers
Categories of Data Considered “Sensitive” Under the California Privacy Rights Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act
Personal information concerning a consumer’s health
Service Providers
Inferences Drawn From Other Personal Data Collected
Inferences reflecting user attributes
Inferences reflecting user behavior
Inferences reflecting user preferences or abilities/aptitudes
Service Providers
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from:
You:
When you provide such information to us.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services.
Through Cookies (defined in the “Tracking Tools<Ads, Advertising> and Opt-Out” section below).
If you download our mobile application or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location<App and mobile device, as applicable.
Affiliates.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates (together, "Affiliates"), when they provide us with Personal Data about you.
Third Parties. Third parties, when they provide us with Personal Data about you ("Third Parties"). Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
Service providers. For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Advertising Partners. We receive information about you from some of our vendors who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, Services, advertisements or communications.
Social Networks.
Social networks connected to the services. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third-party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us.
Apple Health. If you explicitly grant us permission to collect data from your Apple Health app, information that you authorize will be transmitted through your Apple Health app to your Most Days app. We will not use information gained through the Apple Health app for advertising or similar services. We will not sell information gained through the Apple Health app to advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers. We use the information transmitted through your Apple Health app solely to personalize and provide the Services to you.
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting or Disclosing Personal Data
We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services. We use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To meet or fulfill the reason you provided the information to us.
To communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements, updates or offers.
To provide support and assistance for the Services.
To create and manage your Account or other member profiles.
To process orders or other transactions.
To respond to member inquiries and fulfill member requests.
To improve and develop the Services, including testing, research, and analysis development.
Marketing and selling the Services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based or online behavioral advertising
To protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions and maintain the safety, security and integrity of our Services.
To comply with our legal or contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms of Use.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Most Days, or another party.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
For any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA").
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you've provided us the means to do so. For example, if you've given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing us at
help@mostdays.com
.
If you are a California resident, please note that we only use or disclose your sensitive personal information for the purposes set forth in section 7027(m) of the CPRA regulations.
How We Disclose Your Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data to service providers and other parties for the  purposes listed in this section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below:
Auditing related to a current interaction and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.
Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that we own, manufacture, was manufactured for us, or control.
We disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers and other parties:
Service providers
, including:
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Hosting and other technology and communications providers.
Analytics providers.
Staff augmentation and contract personnel.
Generative AI services.
Payment processors.
Our payment processing partners, Stripe Inc. and Apple Inc.collect your voluntarily-provided payment card information necessary to process your payment. Please see their terms of service and privacy policy for information on its use and storage of your Personal Data.
Advertising Partners.
These parties help us market our services and provide you with other offers that may be of interest to you. They include:
Ad networks.
Data brokers.
Marketing providers.
Analytics Partners.
These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Services. They include:
Companies that track how users found or were referred to the Services.
Companies that track how users interact with the Services.
We may also share Personal Data with other members of Most Days (where you post information publicly) or with third parties at your direction or with your authorization. We may also share your Personal Data with social media services if you intentionally interact with them through your use of the Services.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices.
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Tracking Tools, Advertising, and Opt-Out
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and JavaScript (collectively, "Cookies") to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, to analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device when you use that device to visit our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support "Do Not Track" requests sent from a browser at this time.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies
. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies
. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies
. Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Services such as by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services' content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google, Inc. ("Google") uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies
. Retargeting/Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you. For more information about this, please see the section below titled "Information about Interest-Based Advertisements."
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser's settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you or to modify your preferences with respect to Cookies, you can access your Cookie management settings by clicking [LINK]. To find out more information about Cookies generally, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
or
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
if you are located in the European Union.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the Internet or storing data is completely secure. We cannot guarantee the complete security of any data you share with us, and except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from children under 16; if you are a child under 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at
help@mostdays.com
California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this section. Please see the "Exercising Your Rights" section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at
help@mostdays.com
Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. We will provide you with the following information:
The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data, if any.
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data purchased by each category of third party recipient.
Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected from you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one
of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
To submit a deletion request, follow these steps:
Sign into your account in the Most Days app
Go to your Profile by tapping your image in the top right, then Settings by tapping the gear icon in the top right.  Then select "Account Settings"
Tap "Delete My Account" at the bottom of the page
All of your personal information will be removed from the Most Days platform.
You may also submit a request to delete your account from our contact page at
mostdays.com/contact
and a member of our support team will assist you.
Please note:  Deleting your account does not cancel your subscription.  You must cancel your subscription directly with either the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store
Correction
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, if we decide, based on the totality of circumstances related to your Personal Data, that such data is correct. If your correction request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your request.
Cookies Data Sales and Sharing Opt-Out
In this section, we use the terms “selling” and “sharing” as they are defined in the CCPA. As described in the Cookies section above, we have incorporated cookies from certain third parties on the Most Days website. These cookies allow those third parties to receive certain information about your interaction with the website that is associated with your browser or device.  Those third parties may use that data to serve you relevant ads on our services or on other websites you visit. Under the CCPA, our sharing your personal information (specifically, Device/IP Data and Web Analytics) obtained through third party cookies for online advertising (“Cookies Data”) may be considered a “sale” of information and may also constitute “sharing” for cross-context behavioral advertising under the CCPA. You can opt out of our selling and sharing of your Cookies Data by following the instructions in this section.
We sell and/or share (and, over the past 12 months, we have sold and/or shared) your Cookies Data to and/or with Advertising Partners for the following business or commercial purposes:
Marketing and selling our services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based or online behavioral advertising.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of your Cookies Data. You can opt-out using the following methods:
By implementing the Global Privacy Control or similar control that is legally recognized by a government agency or industry standard and that complies with applicable laws. Note that this must be initiated through your browser and applies to your specific device and browser used at the time you cast the signal. Please note this does not include Do Not Track signals.
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale and/or sharing of your Cookies Data for at least 12 months.
To our knowledge, we do not sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
Emailing us at: help@mostdays.com
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Other State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at
help@mostdays.com
.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties. You can exercise this right by contacting us at help@mostdays.com with the subject line "Nevada Do Not Sell Request" and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
EU and UK Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below.
For this section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. Most Days will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Services.
If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at
help@mostdays.com
.
Personal Data We Collect
The "Categories of Personal Data We Collect" section above details the Personal Data that we collect from you.
Personal Data Use and Processing Grounds
The "How We Use Your Personal Data" section above explains how we use your Personal Data.
We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our "legitimate interest” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Contractual Necessity: We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of "contractual necessity", meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Use with you, which enables us to provide you with the Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such data.
Health Data
Legitimate Interest: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties.
Profile or Contact Data
Payment Data
Device/IP Data
Web Analytics
Geolocation Data
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal Data
Examples of these legitimate interests include:
Operation and improvement of our business, products and Services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Compliance with legal obligations
Completion of corporate transactions
Consent: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Sharing Personal Data
The "How We Share Your Personal Data" section above details how we share your Personal Data with third parties.
Sharing Personal Data
The “How We Share Your Personal Data” section above details how we share your Personal Data with third parties.
EU Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at
help@mostdays.com
. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access
:  You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by logging on to your account.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by logging on to your account.
Erasure
:  You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent
:  If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.
Portability
:  You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection
:  You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing
:  You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint
:  You have the right to lodge a complaint about Most Days’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Most Days and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Most Days in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Most Days to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. In some circumstances, your Personal Data may be transferred to the U.S. pursuant to a data processing agreement incorporating standard data protection clauses.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We're constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the www.mostdays.com website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you've opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven't provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
• www.mostdays.com
help@mostdays.com
548 Market St
PMB 15058
San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
© 2024 Most Days Inc. |
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use