PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Obtener vínculo
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Correo electrónico
Otras apps
PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application for
mobile devices that was created by
Demoledor apps.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information
automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you
use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile
device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you
use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of
the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location
of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the
Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external
services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your
information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this
privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as
     required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal
     process;
when
     we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our
     rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or
     respond to a government request;
with
     our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an
     independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to
     adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If
Demoledor
     apps
is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion
     of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on
     our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as
     well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by
uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as
may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application
marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at
tsangelamar@gmail.com
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application
and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected
information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If
you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the
Application, please contact us at (tu email) and we will respond in a
reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be
required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market
to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his
or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she
should contact us at
tsangelamar@gmail.com
We will delete such
information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your
information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to
protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to
this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that
information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be
aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we
process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security
breaches.
GDPR
RGPD General Data Protection Regulation, which replaces the old LOPD or Organic Law on Data Protection.
According to the new Regulations Our Services and Products Comply with the RGPD Law, your data is 1000% Protected.
One of the ways in which you collected information is through the use of technology called "cookies". In Our Page or APP, cookies are used for several things.
What is a cookie?
A "cookie" is a small amount of text that is stored in your browser (such as Google Chrome or Apple's Safari) when you browse most websites.
What is NOT a cookie?
It is not a virus, or a Trojan, or a worm, or spam, or spyware, or open windows pop-up.
What information does a cookie store?
Cookies do not usually store sensitive information about you, such as credit cards or bank details, photographs or personal information, etc. The data they keep are of a technical nature, statistics, personal preferences, personalization of contents, etc.
The web server does not associate you as a person but your web browser. In fact, if you regularly navigate with the Chrome browser and try to navigate through the same web with the Firefox browser, you will see that the web does not realize that you are the same person because you are actually associating the information with the browser, not person.
What kind of cookies are there?
Technical cookies: These are the most basic and allow, among other things, to know when a human or an automated application is browsing, when an anonymous and registered user navigates, basic tasks for the operation of any dynamic web.
Analysis cookies:
They collect information about the type of navigation you are doing, the sections you use most, products consulted, time zone of use, language, etc.
Advertising cookies: Display advertising based on your browsing, country of origin, language, etc.
What are own and third party cookies?
Own cookies are generated by the page you are visiting and those of third parties are those generated by external services or providers such as Mailchimp, Mailrelay, Facebook, Twitter, Google adsense, etc.
What cookies does this website use?
This website uses its own and third-party cookies. On this website the following cookies are used which are detailed below:
Own cookies are the following.
Login: The cookies to log in allow you to enter and exit your account of Haciaelautoempleo.
Personalization: Cookies help me remember what people or websites have interacted with, so I can show you related content.
Preferences: Cookies allow me to remember your settings and preferences, such as the preferred language and your privacy settings.
Security: I use cookies to avoid security risks. Mainly to detect when someone is trying to hack into your account.
Third party cookies.
This website uses analysis services, specifically, Google Analytics to help the website analyze the use made by users of the website and improve its usability, but in no case are they associated with data that could identify the user. Google Analytics, is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., The user can check here the type of cookies used by Google.
Omar de la Fuente Prieto is a user of the platform for supplying and hosting WordPress blogs, owned by the American company Automattic, Inc. For such purposes, the uses of such cookies by the systems are never under the control or management of the person responsible for the web. , they can change their function at any time, and enter new cookies. These cookies also do not report any benefit to the person responsible for this website. Automattic, Inc., also uses other cookies in order to help identify and track visitors to WordPress sites, learn about their use of the Automattic website, as well as their preferences for access to it, as It is included in the "Cookies" section of its privacy policy.
Social media cookies can be stored in your browser while browsing https://www.rosasdeamor.net for example, when you use the share button on https://www.rosasdeamor.net in a social network.
Below you will find information about the social network cookies that this website uses in its own cookie policies:
Facebook cookies, see more information in its cookies policy
Twitter cookies, see more information in their cookies policy
Instagram cookies, see more information in its cookies policy
Google+ Cookies, see more information in their cookies policy
Linkedin cookies, see more information in its cookies policy
Youtube cookies, see more information in its cookies policy
Google AdWords, which uses cookies to help me offer specific online ads based on previous visits to my website. Google uses this information to display ads on several third-party websites over the Internet. These cookies are about to expire and do not contain information that can personally identify you.
Please refer to the Google Advertising Privacy Notice for more information. I conduct remarketing actions using Facebook ads, which uses cookies to help me offer specific online ads based on previous visits to my website.
I use affiliate service platforms that use browser cookies to track sales that originated on this website in the affiliate programs with which this website collaborates. Can cookies be deleted? Yes, and not only delete, also block, in a general or particular way for a specific domain. To delete cookies from a website you must go to the configuration of your browser and there you can search the associated to the domain in question and proceed to its removal.
Configuration of cookies for Google ChromeConfiguration of cookies for Apple SafariConfiguration of cookies for Internet ExplorerConfiguration of cookies for Mozilla FirefoxMore information about cookiesYou can consult the regulation on cookies published by the Spanish Agency for Data Protection in its "Guide on the use of cookies" and to obtain more information about cookies on the Internet, http://www.aboutcookies.org/ If you want to have more control over the installation of cookies, you can install programs or add-ons to your browser, known as "Do Not Track" tools. , that will allow you to choose those cookies that you want to allow.
This cookie policy has been updated for the last time on 05-25-2018.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We
will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy
Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to
consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is
deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by
clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your
information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
“Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or
touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting,
storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which
activities will take place in the cloud.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application,
or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
tsangelamar@gmail.com
Obtener vínculo
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Correo electrónico
Otras apps
Comentarios
Este comentario ha sido eliminado por el autor.
Responder
Borrar
Respuestas
Responder
Agregar un comentario
Cargar más...
Publicar un comentario