Privacy Policy
We have an open and upfront policy on data storage. Currently, we do not require or store any user data on our servers.
We need to keep track of bookmark, history, and settings for game types/questions. This information is not stored on our servers but is stored on a users local device.
Third Party Services
Revenuecat: We use a service called Revenuecat for in app purchases. Revenuecat stores your purchase history so we can back up purchases if needed. No other user information is required.
___
Terms of Service
1. Introduction
Welcome to Good Chat. These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of the Good Chat mobile application ("App"). By using the App, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree, please do not use the App.
2. Use of the App
The App is provided for entertainment purposes and to help users engage in better conversations through a game format.
The App offers both free and subscription-based access to various question types.
3. User Data
Good Chat does not collect or store any user data. The App pulls in questions from an external database to present to users in a game format.
4. Subscriptions
The App includes a subscription service to access premium question types.
Subscriptions are billed monthly, and payments are processed through the App Store.
You can manage your subscription and turn off auto-renewal by going to your Account Settings after purchase.
5. Intellectual Property
All content, trademarks, and data in the App are the property of Good Chat and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws.
6. Limitation of Liability
Good Chat is provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind. We do not guarantee that the App will be error-free or uninterrupted. To the extent permitted by law, Good Chat will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from your use of the App.
7. Changes to the Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time. Any changes will be posted within the App and take effect immediately upon posting.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at
hello@goodchatgame.com
.
By using Good Chat, you agree to these Terms of Service.