Privacy Policy
Introduction
Velocity Raptor Incorporated ("we", "us", or "our") is dedicated to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of your data when you use our mobile applications and the choices you have associated with that data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect information to provide and enhance our services to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
During the use of our applications, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. This may include, but is not limited to, your name and contact information.
Usage Data
We may collect information on how the application is accessed and used. This Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
Use of Data
Velocity Raptor Incorporated uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our service
To notify you about changes to our service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service
To monitor the usage of our service
To detect, prevent, and address technical issues
Data Security
The security of your data is crucial to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is
The security of your data is crucial to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Sharing
We do not share your data with third parties. Your personal information is used exclusively for providing and improving the service. We will not share or sell your information with any third party unless required by law.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.