Privacy is important
Below, you'll find our privacy policy.
Effective Date:
29th May 2024
1. Introduction
Welcome to Poddle (Parent company: Unserious Labs Ltd) ("Company", "we", "our", "us"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at
michael@unseriouslab.com
.
When you use our AI podcasting app ("App"), you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our App immediately.
2. Information We Collect
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when you participate in activities on the App, or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect includes:
- Username
- Email Address
- Name
- Usage Data
3. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect in the following ways:
To facilitate account creation and login process.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To enforce our terms, conditions, and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To improve our services. We may use your information to understand how our users use the services provided by the App.
4. Data Tracking Technologies
We use Google Analytics, Mixpanel, and the App Store to track usage data. These tools help us understand user behavior and improve our services.
5. Sharing Your Information
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
6. How We Keep Your Information Safe
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
7. Retention of Your Information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. Your Privacy Rights
In some regions (like the EEA and UK), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
9. Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Michael, by email at
michael@unseriouslab.com
, by phone at +447522657793, or by post to:
Unserious Labs Ltd
32 Haugh Lane,
Sheffield, S11 9SA,
United Kingdom
10. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. You are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.