Home
›
Privacy
This website privacy policy describes how Charli protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use this website.  If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy. This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website privacy policy was updated on: 24/05/2018
. If you have any questions about this policy, please email: estore@charli.co.uk.
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website. We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them. At Charli, we protect 100% of our customers’ confidential information as well as those of our visitors.
What data we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information, such as postcode
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
How we use this data
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.  Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records
To improve the products and services we provide
To contact you in response to a specific inquiry
To customize the website for you
To send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons.
What is a cookie
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website. Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.
How we use cookies
Analyse our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions.
Identify whether you are signed in to our website. A cookie allows us to check whether you are signed in to the site.
Test content on our website. For example, 50% of our users might see one piece of content, the other 50% a different piece of content.
Store information about your preferences. The website can then present you with information you will find more relevant and interesting.
To recognize when you return to our website. We may show your relevant content, or provide functionality you used previously.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
Controlling cookies
You can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies. However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you. Unless you have changed your browser to refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies when you visit it.
Security
We will always hold your information securely. To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards.
Link from our site
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control of websites outside the charli.co.uk or charli-london.com domains. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy. Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
How do we use your contact details and your name?
We need your identity, your postal address and your e-mail address to have your order delivered. This information helps us sending you useful information by e-mail: order upgrades, delivery information...  Your contact information is also important as it helps us detecting frauds to protect you against them
Your payment information
Our store pays a very special attention to the issues of security concerning online payments.  Your bank information is treated and stocked only by our bank: NatWest and are never in the hands of Charli
How do we use your contact history?
We need your contact details to provide you with the best customer service and to give you all the help you need.
How do we use your buying history?
We need your buying history to deal with returns but also to provide you with the best customer service to give you all the help you need in case you need assistance.
How do we use the information concerning your navigation on our e-shop whether you use your phone or your laptop?
This concerns the information you give us when you navigate on our e-shop as your IP address, the type of material used as well as the way you interact with our e-shop.We need all this information in order to upgrade our e-shop and provide you with the best user experience online. Charli doesn’t force you in any way to give us this information. Please know that you have the right and the possibility not to do so. But know that it is possible that you won’t be able to process with your order.
Sharing your information
Charli does not sell your personal information (nor your name, postal address, e-mail address or bank details)  In order to provide you with the best service available, we share your data with the companies which take care of your order such as: - Warehouses, order packers, delivery companies as well as the payment providers
- The people in charge of making our e-shop work, as well as police authorities and fraud prevention agencies
Newsletters
In the case you authorize us to do so, we will send you newsletters by e-mail in order to keep you informed of our news and to make you discover our new products.
How to stop receiving newsletters from us?
You can stop receiving our newsletters whenever you want to. To do so, all you need to do is click on the “
unsubscribe
” link at the bottom of every newsletter you receive from us. Once it’s done, we will update your profile to make sure that you won’t get them anymore.
Keeping your information
We keep your personal information as long as your account exists. We use this information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations as well as to resolve disputes, prevent frauds and abuses or implement our terms and conditions.
Your rights
You have many rights concerning your personal information. Here is a list of these rights: Firstly, you have the right to access the personal information that Charli has on you and you have the right to be informed on how we use it. In the case we have any false information on you, you can correct it by logging in on your Charli account. You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information or to stop using it in certain occasions. You can stop receiving our newsletters whenever you want to (all you need to do is unsubscribing yourself directly at the bottom of every newsletter you receive by e-mail). You have the right to file a complaint to your national data protection regulator. We reserve the right to modify this page depending on the evolution of the way we process your data. In the case we do, we will communicate about it on our e-shop or by e-mailing you so that you can get all the information you need on these changes. If you have any questions or if you wish to give us feedback on this information, please don’t hesitate to contact us; You can contact us at the following address :
estore@charli.com