This policy applies across all websites that we own and operate and
                    all services we provide, including our desktop, online and mobile
                    field service management software products, and any other apps or
                    services we may offer (for example, training or events). For the
                    purpose of this policy, we’ll refer to them as our ‘services’.
When we say ‘personal data’ we mean identifiable information about
                    you, like your name, email, address, telephone number, support
                    requests etc. If you can’t be identified (for example, when personal
                    data has been aggregated and anonymised) then this notice doesn’t
                    apply. Check out our Terms and Conditions for more information on how
                    we treat your other data.
How we collect your data
When you visit our websites or use our services, we collect personal
                    data. The ways we collect it can be broadly categorized into the
                    following:
Information you provide to us directly:
When you
                    visit or use some parts of our websites and/or services we might ask
                    you to provide personal data to us. For example, we ask for your name,
                    email address and contact number when you sign up for a free trial,
                    join us on social media, take part in training and events, contact us
                    with questions or request support. You’re not obliged to give us your
                    personal data, but it might mean you can’t use some parts of our
                    websites or services.
Where we collect personal data, we’ll only process it:
to perform a contract with you, or
where we have legitimate interests to process the personal data and
                        they’re not overridden by your rights, or
in accordance with a legal obligation
where we have your consent.
If we don’t collect your personal data, we may be unable to provide
                    you with all our services, and some functions and features on our
                    websites may not be available to you.
If you’re someone who doesn’t have a relationship with us, but believe
                    that a Order IT subscriber has entered your personal data into our
                    websites or services, you’ll need to contact that Order IT
                    subscriber for any questions you have about your personal data
                    (including where you want to access, correct, amend, or request that
                    the user delete, your personal data).
How we use your data
First and foremost, we use your personal data to operate our websites
                    and provide you with any services you’ve requested, and to manage our
                    relationship with you. We also use your personal data for other
                    purposes, which may include the following:
To communicate with you.
This may include:
providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like
                        training or education materials) or information we are required to
                        send to you
operational communications, like changes to our websites and
                        services, security updates, or assistance with using our websites
                        and services
marketing communications (about Order IT or another product or
                        service we think you might be interested in) in accordance with your
                        marketing preferences. You’ll always be able to unsubscribe from our
                        emails.
asking you for feedback or to take part in any research we are
                        conducting.
To support you:
This may include assisting with the
                    resolution of technical support issues or other issues relating to the
                    websites or services, whether by email, in-app support or otherwise.
To enhance our websites and services and develop new ones: For
                    example, by tracking and monitoring your use of websites and services
                    so we can keep improving, or by carrying out technical analysis of our
                    websites and services so that we can optimize your user experience and
                    provide you with more efficient tools.
Title to, and all Intellectual Property Rights in, the Data shall
                    remain the property of the Subscriber. However, the Subscriber’s
                    access to the Data is contingent on full payment of the Access Fee
                    when due. The Subscriber grants Order IT a license to use, copy,
                    transmit, store, and back-up the Subscriber’s information and Data for
                    the purposes of enabling the Subscriber to access and use the Service
                    and for any other purpose related to provision of services to the
                    Subscriber.
To protect:
So that we can detect and prevent any
                    fraudulent or malicious activity, and make sure that everyone is using
                    our websites and services fairly and in accordance with our Terms and
                    Conditions.
To market to you:
In addition to sending you
                    marketing communications, we may also use your personal data to
                    display targeted advertising to you online – through our own websites
                    and services or through third party websites and their platforms.
To analyze, aggregate and report:
We may use the
                    personal data we collect about you and other users of our websites and
                    services (whether obtained directly or from third parties) to produce
                    aggregated and anonymised analytics and reports, which we may share
                    publicly or with third parties.
How we can share your data
There will be times when we need to share your personal data with
                    third parties. We will only disclose your personal data to:
third party service providers and partners who assist and enable us
                        to use the personal data to, for example, support delivery of or
                        provide functionality on the website or services, or to market or
                        promote our goods and services to you
Regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or
                        other third parties where we think it’s necessary to comply with
                        applicable laws or regulations, or to exercise, establish or defend
                        our legal rights. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you
                        of this type of disclosure
an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in
                        connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or
                        acquisition of any part of our business
other people where we have your consent.
Security
Security is a priority for us when it comes to your personal data.
                    We’re committed to protecting your personal data and have appropriate
                    technical and organizational measures in place to make sure that
                    happens.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal data depends on what it is
                    and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for
                    example, to provide you with a service you’ve requested
We’ll retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship
                    with you and for a period of time afterwards where we have an ongoing
                    business need to retain it, in accordance with our data retention
                    policies and practices. Following that period, we’ll make sure it’s
                    deleted or anonymised.
GDPR
At Order IT we understand our roles as both data controllers and
                    data processors in relation to the General Data Protection Regulation.
When you visit our website and subscribe to a free trial of Order IT we hold your personal details
                    and act as a data controller and data
                    processor. We use other third-party software tools (sub-processors) to
                    assist us in analyzing data and marketing our services to you. We only
                    use reputable third party tools provided by companies that adhere to
                    our privacy standards.
We also act as a data processor on behalf of our subscribers. Our
                    subscribers may enter personal data such as names, emails, telephone
                    numbers and addresses into the Order IT system. They have the
                    ability to edit, delete and anonymous data themselves or they can ask
                    us to delete data via raising a support ticket. Subscribers can also
                    produce a personal data report upon request.
Your rights
It’s your personal data and you have certain rights relating to it.
                    When it comes to marketing communications, you can ask us not to send
                    you these at any time – just follow the unsubscribe instructions
                    contained in the marketing communication, or send your request to
info@orderit.ie
You also have rights to:
know what personal data we hold about you, and to make sure it’s
                        correct and up to date
request a copy of your personal data, or ask us to restrict
                        processing your personal data or delete it
object to our continued processing of your personal data
You can exercise these rights at any time by sending an email to:
info@orderit.ie
If you’re not happy with how we are processing your personal data,
                    please let us know by sending an email to info@orderit.ie We will
                    review and investigate your complaint, and try to get back to you
                    within a reasonable time frame. You can also complain to your local
                    data protection authority. They will be able to advise you how to
                    submit a complaint.
Updates to this policy
We may update this policy from time to time. You can check the link as
                    it will always show the latest version. For significant changes, we
                    will email the policy update to you.