We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customise
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
For more information on how Google's third-party cookies operate and handle your data, see:
Google Privacy Policy
Cookie
cookieyes-consent
Duration
1 year
Description
CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors.
Cookie
m
Duration
1 year 1 month 4 days
Description
Stripe sets this cookie for fraud prevention purposes. It identifies the device used to access the website, allowing the website to be formatted accordingly.
Cookie
__stripe_mid
Duration
1 year
Description
Stripe sets this cookie to process payments.
Cookie
__stripe_sid
Duration
1 hour
Description
Stripe sets this cookie to process payments.
Cookie
PHPSESSID
Duration
session
Description
This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie stores and identifies a user's unique session ID to manage user sessions on the website. The cookie is a session cookie and will be deleted when all the browser windows are closed.
No cookies to display.
Cookie
builderSessionId
Duration
1 hour
Description
Builder.io sets this cookie to store the user session.
Cookie
_gcl_au
Duration
3 months
Description
Google Tag Manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
Cookie
_ga_*
Duration
1 year 1 month 4 days
Description
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
Cookie
_ga
Duration
1 year 1 month 4 days
Description
Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
Cookie
bugsnag-anonymous-id
Duration
Never Expires
Description
BugSnag/Juicer sets this cookie for bug reporting and other analytical purposes.
No cookies to display.
Cookie
_ttp
Duration
3 months
Description
TikTok set this cookie to track and improve the performance of advertising campaigns, as well as to personalise the user experience.
Cookie
_rdt_uuid
Duration
3 months
Description
Reddit sets this cookie to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads.
Cookie
_tt_enable_cookie
Duration
3 months
Description
Tiktok set this cookie to collect data about behaviour and activities on the website and to measure the effectiveness of the advertising.
Cookie
bcookie
Duration
1 year
Description
LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser IDs.
Cookie
test_cookie
Duration
15 minutes
Description
doubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
Cookie
li_gc
Duration
6 months
Description
Linkedin set this cookie for storing visitor's consent regarding using cookies for non-essential purposes.
Cookie
lidc
Duration
1 day
Description
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
01 2612000
Login
PRIVACY POLICY
Who controls your data?
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and Irish data
protection legislation requires that any organisation holding data
should clearly identify itself, its location and the type of information
it collects and holds.
In this case, Level Health is the registered data controller that
manages your data. Our contact details are:
Address:  Level Health, PO Box 13758, Ravensdale Road, Dublin 3
Email: dataprotection@levelhealth.ie
Phone:  01 2612000
We collect and hold:
• information you give us
• information generated when we serve you
• information about you given to us by third parties
Information you need to give us
Some personal information is essential and without it we may not
be able to offer you cover. However, we will always tell you if you are
not legally required to provide any information that we request.
What we hold - and why
Our principal business is to provide access to health insurance
products and associated services for our clients. All personal data
we collect is to assist us in providing these services. The legal basis
for processing that we rely upon varies depending on the purpose
but includes the following:
Contract:
Personal information about you and other customers on your plan
is needed to:
• process your application and issue your plan
• provide you with information about your plan
• set up payments for your premium
• provide customer care and service
• contact you to inform you of any relevant actions you may need
to take
• administer your plan and process claims
• set up access to third party providers of services available under
the plan
Medical/Health Services:
Where you share medical and/or health information with us for the
purpose of medical or health advice, we use this information for
our telemedicine or other healthcare partners to provide medical,
health and/or care advice.
We will only process data you share with us in the context of strict
confidentiality and in line with the legally permissible use of this
data for the provision of advice. Where we are not permitted to rely
on this legal basis for processing your sensitive personal data we
will alternatively seek your explicit consent. You are not obligated to
share any sensitive personal data with us and you may discontinue
an active telemedicine chat at any point.
You have our complete assurance that we strictly limit who can see
and use this information.
Required by law:
We use your personal information to comply with law and
regulations for example:
• reporting to regulators
• keeping proper books and records
• We are also required to screen all customers against Financial
Sanctions lists and to do this we will use your name, date of
birth and address.
• We carry out internal reporting, quality checking, compliance
controls and audits to help meet our legal obligations.
The type of personal information that is required by law may vary
in the future and depends on the type of service we provide. If we
provide you with advice, we are required to complete an analysis of
your health insurance needs to recommend a health insurance plan
that is suitable for you.
Legitimate interest:
We use your personal information for our legitimate interests as
shown below. We have taken account of any privacy risks and
ensured that your data protection rights are not affected. We believe
these uses benefit our customers.
•
Call Recording:
For customer service, training and verification
purposes, we record and monitor calls. This includes recording
the caller ID and calls through landline, internet or mobile. We
let you know if a call or webchat is being recorded at the start of
the interaction so you can decide whether to continue or not.
•
Customer Research:
To help improve the level of service we
provide, we may on occasion contact you for participation in
consumer satisfaction or research surveys. Your details may
be used for these purposes after your policy has ceased for a
maximum of 1 year.
•
Customer Queries and Service Requests:
When you send us
a query or request a service, such as a webchat, we will collect
and use the personal details needed to respond to your request.
• Statistical Analysis: We combine and group personal
information for statistical analysis to help us understand our
customers, to develop better products and services and to help
promote our products and services. Statistical analysis uses
aggregate information and individuals are not identifiable.
•
Data Analytics:
We perform data analytics on our products
and customers to allow us to understand how our customers
interact with us, what products and services customers avail
of and to develop new products and services. Data analytics
could include personal data, and special category data such
as medical information. Aggregate reports are used for these
purposes where individuals are not identifiable.
•
Safety and Security:
We capture and hold data from email, web
and network traffic to monitor and protect information security
and to support investigation around cyber or data loss events
(e.g. a malicious act – virus or hacking).
Consent:
You need to give consent for us to collect and use personal
information classed as sensitive for us to process your information for
certain purposes. You are given the choice to provide consent, or not.
If we process your personal information based on consent, you have
the right to withdraw that consent at any time. The opt-out methods
will depend on how the consent was collected and will be explained
when you give us your consent, e.g. you can change your mind using
the opt-out link in any direct marketing emails sent to you or by
disabling cookies on your browser.
•
Direct Marketing:
We would like to be able to contact you about
offers and services that may be of interest to you, separately
from your plan communications. This could also include offers
and services offered by Aviva Insurance Ireland and Aviva Life
and Pensions, as the underwriter to your health plan product.
We will only send you direct marketing content where we have
your consent. Where you have already indicated a preference,
this will remain unless you subsequently contact us to change
this.
•
Cookies:
Our website uses cookies which means that certain
data may be recorded when you visit our website. We will ask for
your consent to use these once you visit the website and details
of the cookies we use are available in our Cookies Policy.
•
Biometric Data:
Where you have consented, we may collect
biometric information for example to identify you through voice,
facial or fingerprint recognition.
•
Mobile App Software Development Kits (SDK):
When you
register and use one of our mobile apps, we may use third-party
software development kits (“SDKs”) to collect information about
how you are using the app. We use information on how you
interact with the app to improve the usability of the app and to
enable us to track the performance of our advertising. We will
ask for your consent to use these when you register for one of
our Apps.
•
Additional Products and Services from Aviva Insurance
Ireland, Aviva Life & Pensions and other service providers:
We will ask for your consent before sharing your Level Health
plan information to offer you additional products and services
Why we might share your information
From time to time, we may need to share your personal data with:
• Third parties with whom you have asked us to share your
information, such as Brokers/Financial Advisors, your employer
(if relevant) or other health insurers. This is usually to enable a
transaction to be completed.
• Any third parties that Level Health uses to deliver services
such as GPs, Consultants, Hospitals, and Medical Providers and
Service Providers.
• Third parties that act as service providers under contract with
us and only process and store your personal information as
instructed by us. Your personal information is transferred and
held securely and is not used by other parties for any other
reason. The categories of services that we use other Data
Processors for include: document management, administration,
customer services, customer surveys and marketing.
• Aviva Insurance Ireland as the insurer that underwrites your
health plan.
• Aviva Life & Pensions as the insurer underwriting any additional
life benefits.
• Allianz Partners as the insurer underwriting your travel insurance
policy.
• Statutory and regulatory bodies, and law enforcement
authorities
Do we share your data outside of the EEA?
Sometimes, we may need to transfer data outside the European
Economic Area (EEA). If this happens, we take steps to ensure that
your personal information is adequately protected and transferred
in line with the GDPR. Passing your personal information to certain
countries is permissible on the basis of an adequacy decision from
the European Commission for that Country (such as the UK) or
standard contractual clauses being in place between us and the
data processor.
Making automated decisions
We want to deliver the most efficient service possible. This means
we sometimes use technology (including AI) to:
• analyse data and gain insights into your needs
• to ensure we comply with our legal obligations
• to make automated decisions.
How long will your data be held?
Generally, we only hold data for 6 years after your Level Health
cover finishes. However, to comply with Lifetime Community Rating
legislation we must retain certain details including your name, date
of birth, address and plan information for 20 years.
Overall, the length of time we can hold onto your information is
governed by various legal regulations.
Your personal data rights
To protect your privacy, you have important rights which Level
Health fully support:
Right to information
• You can access the information in this Privacy Notice anytime at
https://levelhealth.ie/privacy-policy.
• We will tell you if we ever change how we collect or use your
personal information.
• While we have strict safeguards to protect your personal
information, we will inform you promptly if a breach occurs that
poses a high risk to your rights and freedoms.
Right to restrict or object
• If your personal information is being unfairly or unlawfully
collected or used, you can restrict or object to this.
• You can object to any automated decisions that affect you
legally or in any other significant way. Instead, you can ask for a
human review.
• You can withdraw consent for the use of your personal
information any time.
Right to correct and update
• You can ask us to correct and update your personal information
anytime.
Right to delete and be forgotten
• You can ask us to delete any incorrect personal information or
details which have been processed unfairly or unlawfully.
• If you withdraw consent for us holding your information, you can
ask us to delete this data.
• If we have provided you with a regulated product or service,
we are legally obliged to keep your information for a minimum
period.
Right to access and Right to Portability
• You have a right to receive a copy, in a machine-readable format,
of any personal information we hold about you.
• We will tell you why we hold it, who it’s shared with (including
outside the EU), how long we keep it, where we obtained it, and
why any automated decisions were made and their impact on
you.
• You can also ask us to send this information to another
company in a machine-readable secure format
To exercise any of your data rights, simply write to
Level Health, PO Box 13758, Ravensdale Road, Dublin 3
or email
dataprotection@levelhealth.ie
. If we can’t process your request fully
within a calendar month, we will explain why and may extend this
period by a further two calendar months.
Who can help resolve any problems with  your personal data?
If you are concerned about how your personal data has been
handled, you should contact the Office of the Data Protection
Commission at:
Phone:  (01) 761 0100 / Lo Call 1800 437 737
Web:	 www.forms.dataprotection.ie/contact
Address: Data Protection Commission,
21 Fitzwilliam Square South,
Dublin 2, D02 RD28
Questions?
We’re here to help
Send us a message
For non-urgent inquiries or detailed support requests, fill out our contact form
Send a message
Phone
01 2612000
Available Monday to Friday, 9am to 5.30pm.
Call
Explore our knowledgebase
Anything you need to know is here.
Explore
Address:
PO Box 13758,
Ravensdale Road.
Dublin 3.
Phone:
01 2612000
Useful info:
About us
Help and contact
Provider information
FreeClinic
Get the app
Get a quote
Hospitals & facilities
Tables of cover
Waiting periods
Downloads
Policies:
Remuneration statement
Privacy policy
Sustainability
Terms of business
Cookie policy
Ways to get in touch:
Send us a message
© 2024 Level Health. All rights reserved.
Level Health Limited trading as Level Health is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
Health insurance products provided by Level Health Limited are underwritten by Aviva Insurance Ireland DAC.
Aviva Insurance Ireland DAC is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
Level Health Limited is registered in Ireland No. 740317. Registered Office:
Workways,
Block 5
High St,
Tallaght,
Dublin 24,
D24 YK8N.
Directors:
B. Cudmore,
J. Dowdall, S. Loughman,
S. McCarthy,
D. O’Rourke,
L.J. O’Shea,
O. Tattan.