Vision Infotech Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy
Effective Year: @2020
Vision Infotech (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://optimumtechnologies.net/privacy-policy/ website and the Vision Infotech  mobile application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, 
and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices
 you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the 
Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in 
accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy 
Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in 
our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain 
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or 
identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may 
include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you 
visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile 
device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s 
Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser 
version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of 
your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and
 other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage
 Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use,
 your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, 
your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you 
use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an 
anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a 
website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are 
beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to 
improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate 
when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you 
may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Vision Infotech uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — 
and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, 
country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection 
laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to
 us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to 
India and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Vision Infotech will take all steps reasonably necessary to 
ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this 
Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to 
an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place
 including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Vision Infotech  may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Vision Infotech
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no 
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic 
storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable 
means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute 
security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
 Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to
 perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our 
Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform
 these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it 
for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by
 us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that 
third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy 
of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
 privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from 
anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are 
aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please 
contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from
 children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to 
remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify 
you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our 
Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the 
“effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any 
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are 
posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:visioninfotech42@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://visioninfotechprivacypolicy.blogspot.com/2022/12/logibrisk-privacy-policy.html:
Skip to main content
Logibrisk Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Put simply, we don’t collect or store any of the information you enter on our app in any external database or server. We don’t have one.
The information we gather is stored locally on your phone and only you or whoever has permission to use your phone has access to it. None of this information is also shared or sold to any third parties, as it is impossible for it to be accessed by said parties for the same reason listed above - it is not collected.
The app will use your phone’s location service (GPS), WI-FI, data or cell tower information to retrieve your current location. Your location will be used to decide when you enter or leave any given marker, while the app is running or in the background. A background location service will ensure the app keeps receiving location updates.
A few permissions must be given in order for the app to work as intended, such as, but not limited to, Do Not Disturb access to independently change sound mode, SMS to automatically send messages, Contact for the app to access your contact list so it can directly paste the chosen number, Microphone to successfully record voice and location to track your current location.
The only external service being used is Google’s Maps SDK for Android and it may require its own Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. If it does use any or both, they must also be read and accepted for the continued use of this app.
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Popular posts from this blog
Vision Infotech Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy  Effective Year: @2020  Vision Infotech (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://optimumtechnologies.net/privacy-policy/ website and the Vision Infotech  mobile application (the “Service”).  This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use,  and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices  you have associated with that data.  We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the  Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in  accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy  Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in  our Terms and Conditions.  Information Collection And Use  We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.  Types of Data Collected  Personal Data  While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain  personally identifiable information that can...
Read more
diana & roma video call theme
Thank you for using "diana & roma video call theme" This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your personal information when you use the App. By downloading, installing, or using the App, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Information We Collect a. Personal Information: We do not collect any personal information, such as your name, email address, or contact details, during the usage of the App. b. Non-Personal Information: When you use the App, we may collect certain non-personal information about your device, such as the device type, operating system, and unique device identifiers. This information is collected anonymously and does not directly identify you. c. Third-Party Service Providers: We may use third-party service providers to assist us in analyzing user data, improving the App's functionality, or providing other related services. These service providers are bound by contractual obligations to keep your information...
Read more
Vision Infotech Privacy Policy
Visit profile
Archive
February 2025
1
July 2023
1
December 2022
1
February 2021
1
Report Abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-policy 1
https://www.blogger.com/profile/16064011727104895806:
Vision Infotech Privacy Policy
On Blogger since
February 2021
Profile views
-
104
Report Abuse
My blogs
Real Santa Claus Call ThemeReal Santa Claus Call Theme
Vision Infotech Privacy Policy
SpinMasterCmSpin...
AppThemesIcons
Ronaldo Messi Football Game
ExpenseManager20...
About me
Main menu
Google apps