Update Date: June 2024
I. INTRODUCTION
SEEKOO LLC (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you install and/or use the “Stylet” software application for mobile devices (the “App”, “our App”).
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be processed.
Functional Information
We ask for and process the following information when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
User Content
(i. e. the images you send to the App). Subject to your compliance with certain rules and restrictions outlined in our Terms of Use, you may dispose of, use, share, otherwise exploit your User Content for your own purposes. However, any use of User Content is at your sole risk, i. e. you assume and bear all risks and responsibility associated with your use of User Content. It is your sole responsibility to ensure compliance with the applicable laws while using the User Content.
The App processes the images you upload, including images of faces. The App processes these images and certain information about the faces depicted within the images, such as information that estimates the location of parts and areas of the faces (“Facial Data”). Note that in some jurisdictions outside of Europe, Facial Data may be considered biometric data; however, the technologies implemented in the App neither aim at performing a unique identification or authentication of people in the images nor is it our intention to train the technologies to do so.
Processing of third parties’ images. By using the App, you might share with us images of third parties (i.e., images related to another person). In this case, you warrant that you have all necessary rights and authorizations to lawfully process such images and to share them with us and you acknowledge that you will be held responsible for the lawfulness of such data processing activity. You agree to fully indemnify us against any objection, claim, request for compensation for damage arising from such processing that we may receive from third parties whose image has been processed through your spontaneous upload in violation of the applicable laws. In any event, should you provide us with or otherwise process images of third parties, you warrant that this processing is based on an appropriate legal basis.
The App needs access to your photo library and to your camera, but this access will require that you grant a specific permission through a request that will appear on your mobile device.
Contact Information (name, e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the email) which you may fill in by yourself when you contact us via email, support form. We collect, store and process it by our cloud storage provider (Amazon.com, Inc.). We use such information to respond effectively to your inquiry, fulfill your requests, send you communications that you request and perform the requested services.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
On the basis of your permission we use third-party automatic data processing technologies (advertising or analytics tools) to analyze certain information sent by your device via our App (Identity For Advertisers for iOS devices). Some integrated advertising or analytics tools (check Section IV to see the list of them) launch automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, which means any form of automated processing of personal data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements (see the list of data described below). Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically once you allow our App to track your activity. You can withdraw your permission at any time - please check opt-out options in Section VII below.
We may process some information about your device and your user behavior on the ground of our legitimate interest. This information falls within the categories of data described above in Subsection “Information That Is Processed Automatically”, it is generally non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual, and we may access it only in aggregated form. We use this information for improving our App and giving our users the best experience.
Device Details. When you use a mobile device to access our App, some of the details about your device are reported, including “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your personality). Device identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content and ads by the third parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type of operating system and its version, model and manufacturer, screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume and battery, device memory usage.
Information about the Internet connection: mobile carrier, network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and duration of sessions, and speed.
Location-related information: IP address, the country code/ region/ state/ city associated with your SIM card or your device, language setting, time zone, neighboring commercial points of interest (eg. “coffee shop”).
Other device identifiers: e.g. user identifiers (if they are set up by the App’s developer).
Information about the applications. Name, API key (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analysis. Some services also record the list of applications and/or processes which are installed or run on your device.
Information about the applications. Name, API key (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analysis. Some services also record the list of applications and/or processes which are installed or run on your device.
Log file information. Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your device. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Ad-related information. The following data might be reported about the ads you can view: the date and time a particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if it was shown as a “conversion” event; what the ad offer is about; what type of ad it is (e.g., text, image, or video); which ad placement is involved (where the ad offer is displayed within the App); whether you respond to the ad.
In-App events. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record in-App information (tutorial steps, leveling up, payments, in-app purchases, custom events, progression events, method of limiting the processing of user data).
Information provided automatically to advertising or analytics tools does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means (not through our App). Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such third parties (see Section IV).
Payment Information
Our e-commerce provider is responsible for billing, processing and charging for in-app purchases. We cannot access or use your credit or debit card information.
You may access the applicable “in-app” purchase rules and policies directly from our e-commerce provider.
III. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:
(a) To make our service available. We use functional information and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(b) To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
(c) To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We may use information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
(d) To communicate with you. We use the contact information we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
(e) To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the law. We want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
IV. COLLECTION, USE, SHARING, AND RETENTION OF FACE DATA
Collection and Use
To be functional, the app requires the user to upload an image, either from the camera or from the photo album. The user-uploaded image will be fed into an AI algorithm to create stylized renderings of the input image, based on user-selected artistic style templates that are built-in in the App. The generated images will then be downloaded to the user’s device, and the user can choose to share them on social network platforms.
Sharing
We will not share user-uploaded images with any third parties.
Retention
We are committed to safeguarding user data while providing a seamless and efficient experience. To enhance user convenience and allow for a comprehensive history of past stylizations, we store user images securely in our system. These images are retained for a period of 6 months from the date of upload. This retention period enables users to revisit and reuse their images for further modifications or reference. After 6 months, user images are automatically deleted from our servers to ensure data privacy and manage storage efficiently. Users can also manually delete their images at any time via their account settings. Our retention policy is designed to balance the utility of stored data with the privacy and security needs of our users.
V. SHARING OF YOUR OTHER INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy.
Please note that while integrating external services we choose third parties that can assure they apply all necessary technical and organizational measures to protect user personal data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from us to any such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from tools like log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective reasons, due to the public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or your personal information usage, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
VI. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. You have the following options in relation to your personal information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability. You can request copies of your personal information.
Change or Correct Data. Where you cannot update data by yourself through your account, you have the right to ask to correct, change, update or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion. The user data is generally retained for as long as your user profile is in existence or as it is needed to provide the relevant services. However, specific retention times can vary based on context of the processing performed. You have the right to ask to delete all or some of the personal data that is held about you.
Restriction of Processing. Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which your personal information is used.
To exercise any of the rights described above, you can contact us through contact@seekoo.io. We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR. Please bear in mind that we ensure the above mentioned rights only with respect to the information that we physically access and store.
When your personal information is processed automatically you may object to such processing in some circumstances. Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes. In order to exercise your right please contact the third party services listed in the Section IV of this Privacy policy to learn how you can object to processing your data. Most of them have clear instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or other options.
VII. HOW TO OPT OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use the personalized ads on the basis of your interests please follow the instructions below:
Choose option “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device in Settings/ Privacy/ Advertising, please find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Please mind when you opt out of certain interest based advertising, you may still continue to receive contextual ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of other digital products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use your precise location data, or street-level location information about you please follow the instructions below:
iOS 11 or later: turn Location Services off for the applicable Product via the menu “Settings > Privacy > Location Services”. Then select the applicable App and set the “Share My Location” status to “Never”. Please see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
VIII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated means and may be stored at our premises and on our service providers’ servers. We adopt technical and organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use and alteration of your personal data. In some cases, we may also adopt data encryption and pseudonymization measures. However, transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure, and you should not provide any personal data if you want to avoid any risk.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App, you can contact us through the contact form displayed below.
IX. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 13. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under 13. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
X. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING IMPORTANT NOTICE
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to disclose categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.
We are also required to communicate information about rights California residents have under California law. You may exercise the following rights:
Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you that we have collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not sell the Personal Information of our users.
For more information about these rights, please contact us.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA requires us to disclose categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.
CalOPPA users have the following rights:
Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you that we have collected.
Right to request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not sell the Personal Information of our users.
XI. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
XII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy policy, please feel free to contact us via
contact@seekoo.io
.