Terms & Conditions
​
Welcome to the Ravelist websites and mobile properties located at
www.ravelist.com
and applicable country top-level domains (including sub-domains associated with them), related software applications (sometimes referred to as “apps”), data, SMS, APIs, email, chat and telephone correspondence, buttons, widgets and ads (collectively, all of these items shall be referred to herein as the “Services”; more generally, the Ravelist websites and mobile properties shall hereinafter be referred to herein as “websites”). The Services are offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, this “Agreement”). By accessing or using the Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement and represent that you have read and understood its terms. Please read this Agreement carefully, as it contains information concerning your legal rights and limitations on these rights, as well as a section regarding applicable law and jurisdiction of disputes. If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions, you are not authorised to use the Services. If you have a Ravelist account and wish to terminate this Agreement, you can do so at any time by closing your account, via email request to
info@ravelist.com
.
Any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, data, code or other materials or arrangements of materials that you can view on, access, or otherwise interact with through the Services shall be referred to as “Content.” The terms “we,” “us,” “our,” and “Ravelist” refer to Ravelist LTD., an Irish limited liability company located in the Republic of Ireland (“Ravelist”). “Services” as defined above refers to those provided by Ravelist or our corporate affiliates (Ravelist and such entities, when one or more are referred to, shall be collectively defined as the “Ravelist Companies”). For the avoidance of doubt, the websites are all owned and controlled by Ravelist. However, some specific Services made available via the websites may be owned and controlled by Ravelist’s corporate affiliates, for example Services facilitating the booking of Holiday Rentals, Payment providers, Restaurant Reservations, and Experiences with third-party suppliers (see below). As part of our Services, we may send you notifications about special offers, products, or additional services available from us, our affiliates, or our partners, that may be of interest to you. Such notifications will typically be sent through newsletters and marketing communications and represent efforts to get to know you and your preferences better across our Services and those of our affiliates. In turn, this enables customisation of the services in line with those preferences.
The term “you” refers to the individual, company, business organisation, or other legal entity using the Services and/or contributing Content to them. The Content that you contribute, submit, transmit, and/or post to or through the Services shall be referred to variously as “your Content,” “Content of yours,” and/or “Content you submit.”
The Services are provided solely to:
A. Assist customers in posting reviews and sharing insights with their network
B. Assist customers in gathering travel information, posting Content, and searching for and booking travel services and reservations; and
C. Assist travel, tourism, and hospitality businesses in engaging with customers and potential customers, by way of free and/or paid-for services offered by or through the Ravelist Companies.
We may change or otherwise modify this Agreement in the future in accordance with the terms and conditions herein, and you understand and agree that your continued access or use of the Services after such change signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified Agreement. We will note the date that revisions were last made to this Agreement at the bottom of this Agreement, and any revisions will take effect upon posting. We will notify registered users of our Services (such registered users to be referred to as “Account Holders”) of material changes to these terms and conditions by either sending a notice to the email address associated with the Account Holder’s profile or by placing a notice on our websites. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of this Agreement.
USE OF THE SERVICES
As a condition of your use of the Services, you warrant that (i) all information supplied by you via the Services to the Ravelist Companies is true, accurate, current, and complete, (ii) if you are an Account Holder, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you, (iii) you are 13 years of age or older (in some jurisdictions, local laws may have an older age requirement) in order to register for an account, use the Services, and contribute to our websites, and (iv) you possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and to use the Services, including our websites, in accordance with all terms and conditions herein. The Ravelist Companies do not knowingly collect the information of anyone under the age of 13. We retain the right, at our sole discretion, to deny anyone access to the Services at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of this Agreement. By using the Services, including any products or services that facilitate the sharing of Content to or from third-party sites, you understand that you are solely responsible for any information that you share with the Ravelist Companies. You may access the Services solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Services and as permitted under this Agreement.
Copying, transmission, reproduction, replication, posting, or redistribution of (a) Content or any portion thereof and/or (b) the Services more generally is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of the Ravelist Companies. To request permission, please direct your request to:
Director, Partnerships and Business Development
Ravelist LTD.
Trinity House
Charleston Road
Ranelagh
D06C8X4
Ireland
In order to access certain features of the Services, you will need to become an Account Holder by creating an account. When you create an account, you must provide complete and accurate information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, including your interaction and communication with others, and you must safeguard your account. Towards this end, if you are an Account Holder, you agree to keep your contact information up to date.
If you are creating a Ravelist account for commercial purposes and are accepting this Agreement on behalf of a company, organisation, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorised to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to this Agreement, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in this Agreement shall refer to such entity, and the individual acting on behalf of the company shall be referred to as a “Business Representative.”
Through your use of the Services, you may encounter links to third-party sites and apps or be able to interact with third-party sites and apps. This may include the ability to share Content from the Services, including your Content, with such third-party sites and apps. Please be aware that third-party sites and apps may publicly display such shared Content. Such third parties may charge a fee for use of certain content or services provided on or by way of their websites. Therefore, you should make whatever investigation you feel is necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party to determine whether a charge will be incurred. Where the Ravelist Companies provide details of fees or charges for such third-party content or services, such information is provided for convenience and information purposes only. Any interactions with third-party sites and apps are at your own risk. You expressly acknowledge and agree that the Ravelist Companies are in no way responsible or liable for any such third-party sites or apps.
Some Content you see or otherwise access on or through the Services is used for commercial purposes. You agree and understand that the Ravelist Companies may place advertising and promotions on the Services alongside, near, adjacent or otherwise in close proximity to your Content (including, for video or other dynamic content, before, during, or after its presentation), as well as the Content of others.
ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS
The Ravelist Companies may, from time to time, decide to change, update or discontinue certain products and features of the Services. You agree and understand that the Ravelist Companies have no obligation to store or maintain your Content or other information you provide, except to the extent required by applicable law.
We also offer other services that may be governed by additional terms or agreements. If you use any other such services, the additional terms will be made available and will become part of this Agreement, except where such additional terms expressly exclude or otherwise supersede this Agreement. For example, if you use or purchase such additional services for commercial or business purposes, you must agree to the applicable additional terms. To the extent any other terms conflict with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the additional terms shall govern to the extent of the conflict with respect to those specific services.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
The Content and information available on and through the Services (including, but not limited to, messages, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, video, maps, icons, software, code, or other material), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such Content and information, is proprietary to the Ravelist Companies or licensed to the Ravelist Companies by third parties. For all Content other than your Content, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell or re-sell any information, software, products or services obtained from or through the Services. Additionally, you agree not to:
• (i) use the Services or Content for any commercial purpose, outside the scope of those commercial purposes explicitly permitted under this Agreement and related guidelines as made available by the Ravelist Companies;
• (ii) access, monitor, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, copy or otherwise exploit any Content of the Services, including but not limited to, user profiles and photos, using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose not in accordance with this Agreement or without our express written permission;
• (iii) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on the Services or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Services;
• (iv) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
• (v) deep-link to any portion of the Services for any purpose without our express written permission;
• (vi) "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of the Services into any other websites or service without our prior written authorisation;
• (vii) attempt to modify, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any software programs used by the Ravelist Companies in connection with the Services;
• (viii) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content; or
• (ix) download any Content unless it’s expressly made available for download by the Ravelist Companies.
PRIVACY POLICY AND DISCLOSURES
Any personal information you post on or otherwise submit in connection with the Services will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS AND USE OF OTHER INTERACTIVE AREAS; LICENCE GRANT
We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by providing your Content to or through the Services, be it via email, posting via any Ravelist synchronisation product, via the services and applications of others, or otherwise, including any of your Content that is transmitted to your Ravelist account by virtue of any Ravelist Companies product or service, reviews, questions, photographs or videos, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like contained in any of your Content, you grant the Ravelist Companies a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to:
(a) host, use, reproduce, modify, run, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such Content of yours throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised;
(b) make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same;
(c) provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make your Content shared on the Services available to other companies, organisations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion or publication of such Content of yours on other media and services, subject to our Privacy Policy and this Agreement; and
(d) use the name and/or trademark that you submit in connection with such Content of yours.
You acknowledge that Ravelist may choose to provide attribution of your Content at our discretion. You further grant the Ravelist Companies the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or the Ravelist Companies’ rights in your Content by a breach of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that your Content is non-confidential and non-proprietary. You affirm, represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licences, rights (including copyright and other proprietary rights), consents and permissions to publish and otherwise use (and for the Ravelist Companies to publish and otherwise use) your Content as authorised under this Agreement.
If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in your Content, you hereby declare that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto; (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of your Content by the Ravelist Companies or their licensees, successors and assigns; (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of your Content; and (d) you forever release the Ravelist Companies and their licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against the Ravelist Companies by virtue of any such moral rights.
Note that any feedback and other suggestions you provide may be used at any time and we are under no obligation to keep them confidential.
The Services may contain discussion forums, bulletin boards, review services, travel feeds or other forums in which you may post your Content, such as reviews of travel experiences, messages, materials or other items ("Interactive Areas"). If Ravelist provides such Interactive Areas on the websites, you are solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas and use them at your own risk. The Ravelist Companies do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any of your Content you provide to the Services or in any Interactive Area. To the extent that any entity that is one of the Ravelist Companies provides any form of private communication channel between Account Holders, you agree that such entity(ies) may monitor the substance of such communications in order to help safeguard our community and the Services. You understand that the Ravelist Companies do not edit or control the user messages posted to or distributed through the Services, including through any chat rooms, bulletin boards or other communications forums, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for such messaging. In particular, Ravelist does not edit or control users’ Content that appears on the websites.
The Ravelist Companies nevertheless reserve the right to remove without notice any such messaging or other Content from the Services, where they believe in good faith that such Content breaches this Agreement or otherwise believe the removal is reasonably necessary to safeguard the rights of the Ravelist Companies and/or other users of the Services. Should you disagree with the removal of your Content from the websites, you may contact Ravelist using the Help Centre to make your objections. By using any Interactive Areas, you expressly agree only to submit Content of yours that complies with Ravelist’s published guidelines, as are in force at the time of submission and made available to you by Ravelist. You expressly agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the Services any Content of yours that:
a. Is false, unlawful, misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing (or advocates harassment of another person), threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
b. Is patently offensive to the online community, such as that which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
c. Would constitute, encourage, promote or provide instructions for conduct of an illegal activity, a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate the rights of any party in any country of the world, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any rules of any securities exchange, including but not limited to, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the NASDAQ or the London Stock Exchange;
d. Provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone’s privacy or providing or creating computer viruses;
e. May infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. In particular, content that promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another’s copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
f. Constitutes mass mailings or “spamming”, “junk mail”, “chain letters” or “pyramid schemes”;
g. Impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity, including the Ravelist Companies;
h. Is private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, National Insurance numbers and credit card numbers. Note that an individual’s surname (family name) may be posted to our websites, but only where express permission of the identified individual has been secured beforehand;
i. Contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
j. Include or are intended to facilitate viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;
k. Is unrelated to the topic of the Interactive Area(s) in which such Content is posted; or
l. In the sole judgment of Ravelist, (a) violates the previous subsections herein, (b) violates Ravelist’s related guidelines as made available to you by Ravelist, (c) is objectionable, (d) restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or any other aspect of the Services, or (e) may expose any of the Ravelist Companies or their users to any harm or liability of any type.
The Ravelist Companies take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Content posted, stored, transmitted or uploaded to the Services by you (in the case of your Content) or any third party (in the case of any and all Content more generally), or for any loss or damage thereto, nor are the Ravelist Companies liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. As a provider of interactive services, Ravelist is not liable for any statements, representations or any other Content provided by its users (including you as to your Content) in the websites or any other forum. Although Ravelist has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the Content posted to or distributed through any Interactive Area, Ravelist reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, translate or edit without notice any Content posted or stored on the Services at any time and for any reason, or to have such actions performed by third parties on their behalf, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any Content you post or otherwise submit to us or store on the Services at your sole cost and expense.
Any use of the Interactive Areas or other aspects of the Services in violation of the foregoing violates the terms of this Agreement and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Interactive Areas and/or the Services more generally.
Restricting Ravelist’s Licence Rights. You may elect on a going forward basis to limit the Ravelist Companies’ use of your Content under this Agreement (as described above) by opting to provide the Ravelist Companies with a more limited licence as described further below (such limited licence to be referred to herein as a “Restricted Licence”). You may make this election by selecting such Restricted Licence grant here (note that to do so you shall need to be logged into your account). If you make this election, the rights you grant the Ravelist Companies to your Content pursuant to the licence terms set forth above (referred to as the “Standard Licence”) shall be limited in some important ways described in paragraphs 1 through 6 directly below, such that the Ravelist Companies shall not hold a Standard Licence to any of your Content other than the text-based reviews and associated bubble ratings you post (as to which the Ravelist Companies shall continue to be granted a Standard Licence), but shall be granted a “Restricted Licence” as to the balance of your Content as defined below:
When you post your Content to the Services, the licence you grant the Ravelist Companies in your Content shall be limited to a nonexclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable and worldwide licence to host, use, distribute, modify, run, reproduce, publicly display or perform, translate and create derivative works of your Content for purposes of displaying such on the Services, as well as using your name and/or trademark in connection with that Content. Subject to Paragraph 6 below, the Restricted Licence applies to any of your Content (again, other than text-based reviews and associated bubble ratings) you or another on your behalf (e.g. a third party that contributes to or otherwise manages your account) make available on or in connection with the Services.
As to any individual item of your Content that is subject to the Restricted Licence, you can terminate the Ravelist Companies’ licence rights hereunder to such by deleting such post from the Services. Correspondingly, you may terminate the Ravelist Companies’ licence rights in all of your Content that is subject to the Restricted Licence by terminating your account (a description of how to do so is available here). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, your Content (a) shall remain on the Services to the extent you shared it with others and they copied it or stored it prior to you deleting it or terminating your account, (b) may continue to be displayed upon the Services for a reasonable amount of time after you delete it or terminate your account as we seek to remove it, and/or (c) may be retained (but not publicly displayed) for technical, fraud moderation, regulatory or legal reasons in backup copy form for a period of time.
The Ravelist Companies will not use your Content in advertisements for the products and services of third parties to others without your separate consent (including sponsored Content), although you agree and understand that the Ravelist Companies may place advertising and promotions on the Services alongside, near, adjacent, or otherwise in close proximity to your Content (including, for video or other dynamic content, before, during or after its presentation), as well as the Content of others. In all instances in which your Content is displayed on the Services, we shall provide attribution by using the name and/or trademark that you submit in connection with your Content.
The Ravelist Companies will not give third parties the right to publish your Content beyond the Services. However, sharing your Content on the Services (save for our “Trips” feature, which can be made private) shall result in your Content being made "public" and we will enable a feature that allows other users to share (by way of embedding that public post or otherwise) such Content of yours (save, as noted, Trips you configure to be private) onto third-party services, and we will enable search engines to make that public Content of yours findable through their services.
Except as modified by paragraphs 1 through 6 of this section of this Agreement, your and our rights and obligations shall remain subject to the balance of the terms of this Agreement. The licence you grant the Ravelist Companies as modified by these paragraphs 1-6 shall be referred to as a “Restricted Licence”.
For the sake of clarity, the Content you submit to the Services in connection with other Ravelist Companies services or programmes is not subject to the Restricted Licence, but shall instead be governed by the terms and conditions associated with that specific Ravelist service or programme.
BOOKING WITH THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS THROUGH Ravelist
Use of Ravelist Booking Services: The Ravelist Companies offer you the ability to search for, select, and book travel reservations with third-party suppliers without leaving the Services. By booking travel reservations via the websites, you will become an Account Holder if you are not one already.
By booking via the websites, you acknowledge that you accept the practices described in our Privacy Policy and this Agreement. In addition, you warrant, either in your individual capacity or as a Business Representative, that you are 18 years of age or older, that you possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and use the Services (including the Ravelist Companies’ booking facilitation services) in accordance with this Agreement, and that all information you supply is true and accurate. You further agree that you will use the Ravelist Companies’ booking facilitation services only to make legitimate reservations for you or others for whom you are legally authorised to act.
Any false or fraudulent reservation is prohibited, and any user who attempts such a reservation may have his or her account terminated.
AS A USER OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING Ravelist COMPANIES’ BOOKING FACILITATION SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (1) THE Ravelist COMPANIES WILL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR OTHERS FOR ANY UNAUTHORISED TRANSACTIONS MADE USING YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT; AND (2) THE UNAUTHORISED USE OF YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT COULD CAUSE YOU TO INCUR LIABILITY TO Ravelist, ITS CORPORATE AFFILIATES AND/OR OTHERS.
When you book a reservation facilitated by the Ravelist Companies, your payment information will be collected and transmitted to the supplier to complete the transaction, as described in our Privacy Policy. Please note that the supplier, not the Ravelist Companies, is responsible for processing your payment and fulfilling your reservation.
The Ravelist Companies will not interfere with reservations arbitrarily, but reserve the right to withdraw booking facilitation services because of certain extenuating circumstances, such as when a reservation is no longer available or when we have reasonable cause to suspect that a reservation request may be fraudulent. The Ravelist Companies also reserve the right to take steps to verify your identity to process your reservation request.
In the unlikely event that a reservation is available when you place an order but becomes unavailable prior to check-in, your sole remedy will be to contact the supplier to make alternative arrangements or to cancel your reservation.
Third-Party Suppliers: The Ravelist Companies are not travel agencies and do not provide or own transportation services, accommodations, restaurants, tours, activities or experiences. Although the Ravelist Companies display information about properties owned by third-party suppliers and facilitate reservations with certain suppliers on or through the Ravelist Companies’ websites, such actions do not in any way imply, suggest or constitute the Ravelist Companies’ sponsorship or approval of third-party suppliers, or any affiliation between the Ravelist Companies and third-party suppliers.
Although Account Holders may rate and review particular transportation services, accommodations, restaurants, tours, activities, or experiences based on their own experiences, the Ravelist Companies do not endorse or recommend the products or services of any third-party suppliers, save that Ravelist does issue certain businesses awards that are based on the reviews posted by Account Holders. The Ravelist Companies do not endorse any Content posted, submitted, or otherwise provided by any user or business, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and the Ravelist Companies expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with such Content. You agree that the Ravelist Companies are not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information they obtain from third-party suppliers and display on the Services.
If you book a reservation with a third-party supplier, then in addition to this Agreement, you agree to review and be bound by the supplier’s terms and conditions of purchase and website use, privacy policy, and any other rules or policies related to the supplier’s site or property. Your interactions with third-party suppliers are at your own risk. The Ravelist Companies will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches, or negligence of any third-party suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting from your interactions with third-party suppliers.
The Services may link you to supplier sites or other sites that Ravelist does not operate or control. For further information, please refer to the “Links to Third-Party Sites” section below.
Booking Holiday Rentals, Restaurant Reservations, and Experiences with Third-Party Suppliers Listed on Corporate Affiliate Sites. Some of Ravelist’s corporate affiliates act as marketplaces to facilitate travelers’ ability to (1) enter into holiday rental agreements with property owners and managers (“Holiday Rentals”), (2) make reservations for restaurants (“Restaurants”), and/or (3) make reservations for tours, activities, and attractions (variously, “Experiences”) with third-party suppliers of such Experiences (each such supplier of a holiday rental and/or Experience to be referred to as an “Advertiser”).
Those corporate affiliates of Ravelist syndicate their advertisements to other entities within the Ravelist Companies group, which is why you see them on the Ravelist Companies’ websites. As a user, you must be responsible for your use of the Services (including, in particular, the Ravelist Companies’ websites) and any transaction involving Holiday Rentals, Restaurants, or Experiences facilitated by Ravelist’s corporate affiliates. We do not own, manage, or contract for any Holiday Rental, Restaurant, or Experience listed on the Services.
Because neither Ravelist nor its corporate affiliates are parties to Holiday Rental transactions, Restaurant reservations, or Experience-related transactions between travelers and Advertisers, any dispute or conflict involving an actual or potential transaction between you and an Advertiser—including the quality, condition(s), safety, or legality of a listed Holiday Rental, Restaurant, or Experience; the accuracy of the listing Content; the Advertiser’s ability to rent a Holiday Rental property, provide you with a reservation, meal, or other service at a Restaurant; or provide an Experience, or your ability to pay for a Holiday Rental property, a Restaurant meal or service, or an Experience—is solely the responsibility of each user.
One of Ravelist’s corporate affiliates may act as an Advertiser’s limited agent solely for the purpose of transmitting your payment to the Advertiser. You agree to pay an Advertiser, or a Ravelist corporate affiliate acting as a limited payment collection agent on behalf of an Advertiser, any specified fee(s) charged by the Advertiser for any Holiday Rental reservation or Experience.
If you enter into a dispute with an Advertiser in the EU, alternative methods for resolving that dispute are available online here:
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
TRAVEL DESTINATIONS
International Travel. When you book international travel reservations with third-party suppliers or plan international trips using the Services, you are responsible for ensuring that you meet all foreign entry requirements and that your travel documents, including passports and visas, are in order.
For passport and visa requirements, please consult the relevant embassy or consulate for information. Because requirements may change at any time, be sure to check for up-to-date information before booking and departure. The Ravelist Companies accept no liability for travelers who are refused entry onto a flight or into any country because of the traveler’s failure to carry the travel documents required by any airline, authority, or country, including countries the traveler may just be passing through en route to their destination.
It is also your responsibility to consult your physician for current recommendations on inoculations before you travel internationally and to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements and follow all medical guidance related to your trip.
Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. Ravelist urges travelers to investigate and review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements, and advisories issued by their own governments and destination country governments prior to booking travel to international destinations.
For example, information on conditions in various countries and the level of risk associated with travel to particular international destinations is provided by the United States Government at:
www.state.gov
www.tsa.gov
www.dot.gov
www.faa.gov
www.cdc.gov
www.treas.gov/ofac
www.customs.gov
BY LISTING INFORMATION RELEVANT TO TRAVEL TO PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, THE Ravelist Companies DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO SUCH POINTS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. THIS SECTION LIMITS THE Ravelist Companies’ LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ISSUES THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION OR ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE CONSULT A LAWYER FOR CLARIFICATION BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES.
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED VIA THE SERVICES MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS, INCLUDING RESERVATION AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS. THE Ravelist Companies DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY ERRORS OR OTHER INACCURACIES RELATING TO THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTION OF THE ACCOMMODATION, EXPERIENCES, AIR, CRUISE, RESTAURANT, OR ANY OTHER TRAVEL PRODUCTS DISPLAYED ON THE SERVICES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PRICING, AVAILABILITY, PHOTOGRAPHS, LIST OF ACCOMMODATION, EXPERIENCE, AIR, CRUISE, RESTAURANT OR OTHER TRAVEL PRODUCT AMENITIES, GENERAL PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS, REVIEWS AND RATINGS, ETC.).
IN ADDITION, THE Ravelist Companies EXPRESSLY RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS ON THE SERVICES AND/OR ON PENDING RESERVATIONS MADE UNDER AN INCORRECT PRICE.
Ravelist MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND ABOUT THE SUITABILITY
OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON ITS
WEBSITES OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND THE
INCLUSION OR OFFERING OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICE OFFERINGS ON ITS
WEBSITES OR OTHERWISE THROUGH THE SERVICES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
ANY ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICE
OFFERINGS BY Ravelist, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY AWARDS DISTRIBUTED
BASED ON USER REVIEWS. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS
AND SERVICE OFFERINGS MADE AVAILABLE BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICES
ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. Ravelist DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND THAT THE
SERVICES, ITS SERVERS OR ANY DATA (INCLUDING EMAIL) SENT FROM Ravelist,
ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, Ravelist HEREBY DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION,
SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OR TERMS OF ANY KIND AS TO OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET
POSSESSION AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
THE Ravelist COMPANIES ALSO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY,
REPRESENTATION OR OTHER TERM OF ANY KIND AS TO THE ACCURACY OR
PROPRIETARY CHARACTER OF THE CONTENT AVAILABLE BY AND THROUGH
THE SERVICES.
THE THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS PROVIDING ACCOMODATIONS, FLIGHT,
RENTALS, EXPERIENCES, RESTAURANTS OR CRUISE INFORMATION, TRAVEL
OR OTHER SERVICES ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES ARE INDEPENDENT
CONTRACTORS AND NOT AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF THE Ravelist COMPANIES.
THE Ravelist COMPANIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES OR NEGLIGENCE OF ANY SUCH
SUPPLIERS OR FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURIES, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE OR
OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM. Ravelist HAS NO
LIABILITY AND WILL MAKE NO REFUND IN THE EVENT OF ANY DELAY,
CANCELLATION, OVERBOOKING, STRIKE, FORCE MAJEURE OR OTHER CAUSES
BEYOND ITS DIRECT CONTROL, AND IT HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY
ADDITIONAL EXPENSE, OMISSIONS, DELAYS, RE-ROUTING OR ACTS OF ANY
GOVERNMENT OR AUTHORITY.
SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING, YOU USE THE SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK
AND IN NO EVENT SHALL THE Ravelist COMPANIES (OR THEIR OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS AND/OR EMPLOYEES) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES
OR ANY LOSS OF INCOME, PROFITS, GOODWILL, DATA, CONTRACTS, USE OF
MONEY, OR LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED IN ANY WAY
TO BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OF ANY TYPE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH, YOUR ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THE SERVICES
OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, DISPLAY OR USE THE
SERVICES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR RELIANCE UPON
REVIEWS AND OPINIONS APPEARING ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES; ANY
VIRUSES, BUGS, TROJAN HORSES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, LINKED SITES,
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY Ravelist COMPANIES’ SYNCRONISATION PRODUCT);
PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER,
RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES’ SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND
ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED
THEREIN; ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS
OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY
CONTENT; OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR
USE OF THE SERVICES) WHETHER BASED ON A THEORY OF NEGLIGENCE,
CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF Ravelist OR
ITS CORPORATE AFFILIATES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.
If the Ravelist Companies are found liable for any loss or damage that arises out of or is in any
way connected with your use of the Services, then the Ravelist Companies’ liability will in no
event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the transaction fees paid to the Ravelist
Companies for the transaction(s) on or through the Services giving rise to the claim, or (b)
One-Hundred Dollars (US $100.00).
The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations
specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these
terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in
these terms inure to the benefit of the Ravelist Companies.
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FOREGOING LIABLITY DISCLAIMER DO
NOT AFFECT MANDATORY LEGAL RIGHTS THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, FOR EXAMPLE UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION
LAWS IN PLACE IN CERTAIN COUNTRIES.
IF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU LIVE DOES NOT ALLOW ANY
PARTICULAR LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY PROVIDED FOR IN
THIS CLAUSE, THAT LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY. THE LIABILITY
DISCLAIMER WILL OTHERWISE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED
BY YOUR LOCAL LAW.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend and indemnify the Ravelist Companies and any of their officers, directors,
employees and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries,
losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including
but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:
(i) your breach of this Agreement or the documents referenced herein;
(ii) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
(iii) your use of the Services, including the Ravelist Companies’ websites.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
The Services may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the I-
Rave Companies. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. The Ravelist
Companies do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or
the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is up to you to take
precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download
(whether from this or any other website) is free of such items as viruses, worms,
trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. The Ravelist Companies’
inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the
material on such third party websites or apps or any association with their operators.
In some cases, you may be asked by a third-party site or app to link your Ravelist
account profile to a profile on another third-party site. You are responsible for
deciding if you choose to do so, it is purely optional, and the decision to allow this
information to be linked can be disabled (with the third-party site or app) at any time.
If you do choose to link your Ravelist account to a third party site or app, the third
party site or app will be able to access the information you have stored on your I-
Rave account, including information regarding other users with whom you share
information. You should read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of the third
party sites and apps that you visit as they have rules and permissions about how they
use your information that may differ from the Services, including our websites. We
encourage you to review these third party sites and apps and to use them at your own
risk.
SOFTWARE AS PART OF SERVICES; ADDITIONAL MOBILE LICENCES
Software from the Services is further subject to United States export controls. No
software from the Services may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported
(a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or
any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or (b) to anyone on the
U.S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using the Services, you represent
and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident
of any such country or on any such list.
As noted above, the Services include software, which at times may be referred to as
“apps”. Any software that is made available to download from the Services
("Software") is the copyrighted work of Ravelist or other party as identified. Your use
of such Software is governed by the terms of the end user licence agreement, if any,
which accompanies, or is included with, the Software. You may not install or use any
Software that is accompanied by or includes a licence agreement unless you first
agree to the terms of such licence agreement. For any Software made available for
download by way of the Services and which is not accompanied by a licence
agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a limited, personal, non-transferable
licence to use the Software for viewing and otherwise using the Services in
accordance with this Agreements' terms and conditions (including those policies
referenced herein) and for no other purpose.
Please note that the Software, including, without limitation, all HTML, XML, Java
code and Active X controls contained in the Services, is owned or licensed by Ravelist,
and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any
reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result
in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible.
Portions of Ravelist mobile software may use copyrighted material, the use of which I-
Rave acknowledges. In addition, there are specific terms that apply to use of certain I-
Rave mobile applications. Please visit the Mobile Licences page for notices specific
to Ravelist mobile applications.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF
THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER
REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE
SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE
TERMS OF THE LICENCE AGREEMENT OR THIS AGREEMENT (AS
APPLICABLE).
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES
Ravelist, the map pin logo, the ratings bubbles and all other product or service names
or slogans displayed on the Services are registered and/or common law trademarks of
Ravelist LTD. and/or its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or
used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Ravelist or the
applicable trademark holder. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including
our websites, as well as all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts
related to same, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of Ravelist and may
not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written
permission of Ravelist. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and
company names or logos mentioned on the Services are the property of their
respective owners. Except to the extent noted elsewhere in this Agreement, reference
to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark,
manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement,
sponsorship or recommendation thereof by Ravelist.
All rights reserved. Ravelist is not responsible for content on websites operated by
parties other than Ravelist.
Notice and Take-Down Policy for Illegal Content
Ravelist operates on a "notice and takedown" basis. If you have any complaints or
objections to Content, including user messages posted on the Services, or if you
believe that material or content posted on the Services infringes a copyright that you
hold, please contact us immediately by following our notice and takedown procedure.
Click here to view the Copyright Policy and procedure. Once this procedure has been
followed, Ravelist will respond to valid and properly substantiated complaints by
making all reasonable efforts to remove manifestly illegal content within a reasonable
time.
MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICES; TERMINATION
Ravelist may change, add or delete these terms and conditions of this Agreement or
any portion thereof from time to time in its sole discretion where we deem it
necessary for legal, general regulatory and technical purposes, or due to changes in
the Services provided or nature or layout of Services. Thereafter, you expressly agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement as amended.
The Ravelist Companies may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the
Services at any time, including availability of any of the Services’ features, databases
or Content. The Ravelist Companies may also impose limits or otherwise restrict your
access to all or parts of the Services without notice or liability for technical or security
reasons, to prevent against unauthorised access, loss of, or destruction of data or
where Ravelist and/or its corporate affiliates consider(s) in its/their sole discretion that
you are in breach of any provision of this Agreement or of any law or regulation and
where Ravelist and/or its corporate affiliates decide to discontinue providing any
aspect of the Services.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES NOW, OR FOLLOWING THE
POSTING OF ANY SUCH NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES, WILL INDICATE
ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS.
Ravelist may terminate this Agreement with you at any time, without advanced notice,
where it believes in good faith that you have breached this Agreement or otherwise
believes that termination is reasonably necessary to safeguard the rights of the Ravelist
Companies and/or others users of the Services. That means that we may stop
providing you with Services.
JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW
This website is owned and controlled by Ravelist LTD., an Irish limited liability
company. This Agreement and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual
disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or
formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the
Republic of Ireland. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of
courts in the Republic of Ireland and stipulate to the fairness and convenience of
proceedings in such courts for all disputes, both contractual and non-contractual,
arising out of or relating to the use of the Services by you or any third party. You
agree that all claims you may have against Ravelist LTD. arising from or relating to the
Services must be heard and resolved in a court of competent subject matter
jurisdiction located in the Republic of Ireland. Use of the Services is unauthorised in
any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and
conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph. Nothing in this clause shall
limit the right of Ravelist LTD. to take proceedings against you in any other court, or
courts, of competent jurisdiction. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent that
applicable law in your country of residence requires application of another law and/or
jurisdiction – in particular, if you are using the Services as a consumer – and this
cannot be excluded by contract and will not be governed by the United Nations
Conventions on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, if otherwise applicable.
If you use the Services as a consumer, and not as business or Business Representative,
you may be entitled to bring claims against Ravelist in the Courts of your country of
residence. This clause shall otherwise apply to the maximum extent allowed in your
country or residence.
CURRENCY CONVERTER
Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as
guidelines only. Rates are not verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary.
Currency quotes may not be updated on a daily basis. The information supplied is
believed to be accurate, but the Ravelist Companies do not warrant or guarantee such
accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to
consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates. We do not
authorise the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use and
you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution and use of this information
for commercial purposes.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
We reserve the right to reclaim any username, account name, nickname, handle or any
other user identifier for any reason without liability to you.
You agree that no joint venture, agency, partnership or employment relationship
exists between you and Ravelist and/or its corporate affiliates as a result of this
Agreement or use of the Services.
Our performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and
nothing contained in this Agreement limits our right to comply with law enforcement
or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of the
Services or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. To the
extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that you will bring any claim or cause of
action arising from or relating to your access or use of the Services within two (2)
years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or such claim or
cause of action will be irrevocably waived.
If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to
applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability
limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed
superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of
the original provision and the remaining provisions in this Agreement shall continue
in effect.
This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes
the entire agreement between you and Ravelist with respect to the Services and it
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether
electronic, oral or written, between you and Ravelist with respect to the Services. A
printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be
admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this
Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business
documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
The following sections shall survive any termination of this Agreement:
Additional Products
Prohibited Activities
Reviews, Comments and Use of Other Interactive Areas; Licence Grant
o Restricting Ravelist’s Licence Rights
Travel Destinations
o International Travel
Liability Disclaimer
Indemnification
Software as Part of Services; Additional Mobile Licences
Copyright and Trademark Notices
o Notice and Take-Down Policy for Illegal Content
Modifications to the Services; Termination
Jurisdictions and Governing Law
General Provisions
Service Help
The terms and conditions of this Agreement are available in the language of the I-
Rave websites and/or apps on which Services may be accessed.
The websites and/or apps on which Services may be accessed may not always be
updated on a periodic or regular basis and consequently are not required to register as
editorial product under any relevant law.
Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters and/or data mentioned in,
on or through the Services are not intended to represent any real individual, company,
product or event.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or
benefits, save that Ravelist’s corporate affiliates shall be deemed express third party
beneficiaries of this Agreement.
You are prohibited from transferring any of your rights or obligations under this
Agreement to anyone else without our consent.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
SERVICE HELP
For answers to your questions or ways to contact us, visit our www.Ravelist.com Or,
you can write to us at:
Ravelist Ltd. C/O GoldCore Limited
Trinity House
Charleston Road
Ranelagh
D06C8X4
Ireland
Please note that Ravelist LTD. does not accept legal notices or service of legal process
by any means other than hard copy post delivered to the address immediately above.
For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, we therefore do not accept notices
or legal service deposited upon any of our affiliates or subsidiaries.
©2024 Ravelist. All rights reserved.
Last updated January 2nd, 2024
​
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Last Updated: June 6th, 2024Ravelist Ltd. owns and operates an online platform that provides users with information, recommendations and services related to travel and leisure, including tools for researching and/or booking hotels, rentals and other accommodations, attractions and experiences, restaurants, flights, and cruises, among other leisure-related services. In this Statement, we refer to these as our “Services”.The information that you and others entrust us with enhances our ability to provide more relevant, personalized and helpful Services. We know that sharing your information with us is based on trust. We take your trust in us seriously and are committed to providing you helpful information, products and services, curated based on the information you have shared with us. Equally, and perhaps more importantly, we are committed to respecting your privacy when you visit our website or use our Services and being transparent about how we use the information you have entrusted to us.This Statement describes how we obtain, use, and process your information – hopefully, in an easily understandable and transparent manner. It informs you of the rights you have, how you can exercise them and how you can contact us. Please review this Statement carefully to learn about our practices with respect to information and privacy. By visiting our websites and related mobile applications, as well as other online platforms such as our affiliated partners’ websites, apps and social media, whether on a computer, phone, tablet, or similar device (each of these is referred to as a “Device”), you acknowledge and confirm that you have read this Statement.We offer our Services to users in a number of countries and territories where the laws and customs differ. This Statement provides a general overview of our privacy practices. In addition, Sections 12 through 15 of this Statement provide specific information relevant to users residing in certain regions or countries.Information Collected and ProcessedWhen you access or use our Services, we collect and process information from and about you to provide the Services in a more personalized and relevant way. Some information we collect passively, for example, with our servers or with cookies or other similar tracking technologies. Some information we collect from different sources, including from you, affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-party sources. When you use our Services by “clicking-through” from a third-party website or when you visit third-party websites via our Services, those third-party websites may share information with us about your use of their service. Any information that we receive from third-party websites may be combined with the information provided by you.Information Uses and PurposesTo the extent possible, we want to provide you with relevant content and a tailored experience when you use our Services, and we use information about you to do that, including in the following ways:Information SharingIn order to provide some of our Services and processing activities, we use service providers and may need to share information with these service providers and certain other third parties, including our group of companies, in the following circumstances:Information ChoicesYou have options with respect to the processing and use of your information by us. You can access, update, and even close your account by visiting the “Member Profile” section on our website or app. In addition, you can do the following:Information on ChildrenOur Services are not intended for children, which we consider to be: (i) individuals that are 13 years of age or under, or the age of privacy consent in your jurisdiction; or (ii) when processing data on the basis of a contract, the age of legal capacity to enter into the agreement.Information TransfersWe offer our Services to users located in many different jurisdictions. If we transfer your information to other countries, we will use and protect that information as described in this Statement and in accordance with applicable law.Information SecurityWe have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your information. We only authorize specific personnel to access personal information and they may do so only for permitted business functions.We use encryption when transmitting your information between your system and ours, and between our system and those of the parties with whom we share information. We also employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help preventunauthorized access to your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information from unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other circumstances outside of our control.Information Deletion and RetentionWe will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise, or defend any legal rights.Information from CookiesWe want your access to our Services to be as easy, efficient, and useful as possible. To help us do this, we use cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience, to enhance website security, and to show you relevant advertising.Information on Statement ChangesWe may update this Statement in the future. If we believe any changes are material, we will let you know by doing one or more of the following: sending you a communication about the changes, placing a notice on the website and/or posting an updated Statement on the website. We will note at the top of this Statement when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to check back from time to time to review the most current version and to periodically review this Statement for the latestinformation on our privacy practices.ContactIf you have a data privacy request, such as a request to delete or access your data, please email us at
info@Ravelist.com
. For general data privacy inquiries or questions concerning our Privacy and Cookies Statement, please contact our privacy team by emailing
info@Ravelist.com
.Europe and the UKGeneral Data Protection Regulation Privacy Statement (“GDPR Statement”)This GDPR Statement applies to persons in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including those based in the United Kingdom. This GDPR Statement supplements ourStatement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the GDPR Statement, the GDPR Statement will prevail as to persons located in the EEA.Controller of Personal Information and Local RepresentativeRavelist Ltd. is the controller of personal information we collect; however, in accordance with applicable data privacy law, we have appointed representatives within the European Union and United Kingdom.Information Rights Under GDPRYou have certain rights regarding your personal information.Information Uses and Legal BasisWe will only use your personal information under the circumstances permitted by the law or you.International TransfersYour personal information may be stored or transferred to countries outside the EEA and the UK for the purposes described in this Statement. When we store or transfer your personal information outside the EEA and the UK, we take the following precautions to ensure that your personal information is properly protected.United StatesDisclosuresIn addition to the further details as described in the Statement, we make the following disclosures:California Privacy StatementThis California Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to California laws. It applies to California residents and supplements our overall Statement with additional disclosures and rights.Multi-State Privacy Statement for Virginia, Connecticut, ColoradoThis Multi-State Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to applicable state laws and applies to Virginia, Connecticut, and Colorado residents, and supplements our overall Statement with additional disclosures and rights.KoreaKorean Privacy Laws StatementThis Korea Statement applies to persons in the Republic of Korea. This Korea Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the Korea Statement, the Korea Statement will prevail as to persons in Korea.Purpose and Retention of Information CollectedWe process the personal data we have collected for the purposes set forth below. We will retain your personal data in accordance with the Statement and as described in further detail below.Rights Under Korean Privacy LawsYou have certain rights regarding your personal data. Your rights with respect to yourown personal data include those under the Statement and the following:Children’s DataRavelist is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to minors. We do not knowingly collect data relating to minors. If a person whom we know is under 14 years of age sends us personal data, we will delete or destroy this information as soon as reasonably possible.Information Sharing and International TransfersWe may share information with third parties, such as those listed below, in order to facilitate some of our Services and products. There may also be legal reasons for which we have to share your personal data. Some of our Services and products requirethat we share information with the third parties listed below. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal data.Information SecurityWe want you to feel confident about using our Services so we are committed to protecting the information we collect. We have implemented the following administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personalinformation that you provide us.Destruction and Deletion of InformationWe will destroy or delete your data when the data retention period has lapsed, when you no longer maintain your account or if the purpose of data collection has been achieved.ContactYou can exercise several of your rights through the personal information section of your account. To exercise your other rights, you can file a request by emailing
info@Ravelist.com
, or you can contact our representative in Korea, who has been appointed in accordance with the applicable Korean law for the purpose of handling personal data protection questions or requests in Korea.BrazilBrazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) StatementThis LGPD Statement is applicable whenever you access our website and application provided in Brazil. This LGPD Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the LGPD Statement, the LGPD Statement will prevail as to persons in Brazil.Controller of Personal InformationRavelist Ltd. is the data controller of personal information we collect; however, in accordance with applicable Brazilian data privacy law, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) in Brazil:Information UsesWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us.Your Rights Under LGPD and How to Exercise themYou have the following rights relating to your services:Information Sharing and International TransfersWe may share information with third parties in order to facilitate some of our servicesand products. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal information. Some of our services and products require that we share information with third parties. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personalinformation.Information SecurityWe have implemented the following administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your personal information.Retention of Personal InformationWe may retain your information if it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or for our legitimate interests in connection with the purposes set out in thisStatement. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.Media CentreMobile LicensesAcknowledgements:Portions of Ravelist mobile software may use copyrighted material, the use of which is hereby acknowledged, according to the terms of the following licenses.• iOS Licenses• Android Licenses• Cross-platform LicensesiOS LicensesIGListKit license:BSD LicenseFor IGListKit softwareCopyright (c) 2016, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.Terms of UseAlamofire license:Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Alamofire Software Foundation (
http://alamofire.org/
)Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Terms of UsePromiseKit license:Copyright 2016, Max Howell;
mxcl@me.com
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Terms of UseMCSegmented Control license:Copyright (c) 2011, MCSegmented Control and Matteo CaldariAll rights reserved.Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:• Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.• Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list ofconditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.• Neither the name of MCSegmented Control or Matteo Caldari nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.ZipArchive LicenseCopyright (c) 2010-2015, Sam Soffes,
http://soff.es
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Terms of UseSSZipArchive is licensed under the MIT License. A slightly modified version of Minizip 1.1 is also included and is licensed under the Zlib License.Appirater LicenseCopyright (c) 2014 Arash PayanPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Additional License InformationRestKit LicenseCopyright 2009-2012 The RestKit ProjectLicensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use thisfile except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.Terms of UseCocoaLumberjack LicenseCopyright (c) 2010-2015, Deusty, LLCAll rights reserved.Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:• Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.• Neither the name of Deusty nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorseor promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission of Deusty, LLC.THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.Terms of UseSOCKit LicenseCopyright 2011-2014 NimbusKitLicensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use thisfile except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.Terms of UseMagicalRecord LicenseCopyright (c) 2010-2015, Magical Panda Software, LLCPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:• Link to the MagicalRecord Repository at
http://github.com/magicalpanda/magicalrecord
in the credits section of your applicationThe above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.This software license is in accordance with the standard MIT License.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Terms of UseMasonry LicenseCopyright (c) 2011-2012 Masonry Team -
https://github.com/SnapKit/Masonry
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Terms of Usecard.io LicenseCopyright (c) 2013-2016 PayPal Holdings, Inc.Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.Terms of Useuidevice-extension LicenseThe card.io library contains source code derived from Erica Sadun's uidevice-extension libraryCopyright (c) 2012, Erica Sadun. All rights reserved.Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:• Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.• Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list ofconditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.• THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.The source for this library is available here:
https://github.com/erica/uidevice-extension
Eigen LicenseLicensed primarily under the Mozilla Public License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You may obtain a copy of the MPL 2.0 license at
http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0
A copy of the source code is available at
https://bitbucket.org/eigen/eigen/
or via
http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/
Terms of UseOpenCV LicenseCopyright (C) 2000-2016, Intel Corporation, all rights reserved.Copyright (C) 2009-2011, Willow Garage Inc., all rights reserved.Copyright (C) 2009-2016, NVIDIA Corporation, all rights reserved.Copyright (C) 2010-2013, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., all rights reserved.Copyright (C) 2015-2016, OpenCV Foundation, all rights reserved.
​
​
​
​