Vector Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 13, 2024
This privacy policy applies to your use of the Vector application, backend services and website pages associated with Vector (collectively, “Vector”). In this privacy policy “we” or “us” refers to Tensor Labs Inc., a Canadian federal corporation.
If you obtain the Vector application through an app store, you should also be aware that app stores have their own data collection practices, and we encourage you to read their privacy policy as well.
We have designed Vector to minimize the impact on your privacy as a user, and we encourage you to read this privacy policy to understand what we do collect, how we use it, and your rights with respect to your personal information.
We collect the following information that we consider to be “personal information:”
Email address
IP addresses (and other device identifiers)
Cryptocurrency addresses that you use and interact with
We take a broad view of personal information to account for the ability to correlate information in ways that can deanonymize them, and we treat all information that could potentially be used to identify a person as personal information.
We do not consider the pseudonymous public username that you may use in Vector as personal information (or links to other profiles, such as a Twitter handle)
per se
, but it is possible that you could use your real name or some other identifier that could cause what would otherwise not be personal information to be personally identifiable and therefore personal information.
Additionally, if you contact our customer support team, email us, participate in a contest, apply to work for us (or to be a contractor), or otherwise communicate personal information to us (that is not required to use Vector) then we may collect other personal information about you that you choose to disclose as part of that process.
Personal Information
Why Is It Collected?
Email Address
In order to connect the Privy key management system with Vector. We also may use your email address to contact you about this privacy policy, other legal agreements, or critical information about your use of Vector.
IP Address And Other Device Identifiers
All Internet connections to backend services expose an IP address (not necessarily a device-specific one, depending on how you access the Internet). Since Vector relies on various backend services, your IP address is collected as part of the connection process. Similarly, various other device identifiers and metadata about your device is automatically communicated when you use the Internet to access applications, and Vector is no different from other applications in this respect. All of this information is sent by your device and automatically collected as part of your use of Vector.
Cryptocurrency Address
In order to provide data about cryptocurrency addresses owned by you we need to know which addresses belong to you, so that the backend services can provide the right data and not more data than you need, in order to minimize bandwidth consumption and make Vector functional as a mobile wallet. In addition to this necessary purpose for collection, we also collect this information as part of our legal obligations to avoid serving certain sanctioned cryptocurrency addresses under international laws. Additionally, we collect cryptocurrency address information in order to help provide you with services that you have requested, such as programs offered by Designees.
Username
To provide a more user-friendly experience for yourself and other users who interact with you. There may also be an image associated with a username (and potentially links to social media accounts such as Twitter, and related metadata, such as follower counts), which forms an overall “avatar”, which is collected in order to improve your experience. Avatars are an optional system that you can choose not to use. Avatars are not private information in Vector and may be available to other users, depending on your visibility settings.
Vector is constantly being improved and we make use of your personal information and other data in order to understand how we can make the best improvements.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to other companies, but we may disclose cryptocurrency addresses (without other personal information) to partners in order to facilitate Airdrops (as defined in the Terms Of Service) or other programs that are of benefit to you.
You may be able to participate in a Designee program offered by a third-party, which requires us to send personal information and other information to the selected third-party. We only provide information to Designees that have contractually guaranteed confidentiality and we do not provide Designees with your email address. Designees may have their own terms and privacy policies that cover their services to you and we encourage you to consult those documents to learn more. By using Vector you consent to the transfer of information necessary for the Designees to offer their services to you, which may involve transfers of information to countries other than those that Vector operates in.
As part of our privacy by design approach, we minimize the personal information that we collect about you. We do not collect:
Your name
Your phone number
Your date of birth
Your mailing address
Your tax identification or national identification number
Vector uses cookies and analogous session storage technologies (e.g. local storage, session storage and IndexedDB). Marketing and analytics tools used by Vector also use these standard technologies to provide you with services and track user behaviour. You may be able to configure your device to not use or transmit cookies, or to delete them after each session, and still make use of the full functionality of Vector.
We store data, including your personal information, in Canada and the United States, with vendors that have contractually guaranteed the confidentiality of the data that is stored. Furthermore, we have access controls and technical safeguards in place to protect your personal information and our information.
Vector allows you to access many blockchain-based and non-blockchain-based services that are controlled by third parties, each of which is subject to their own terms and privacy policies. We do not control these other entities’ approach to privacy and therefore recommend that you contact these services to inquire about their approach to privacy.
Vector includes user behaviour analysis tools, which include session recording capabilities, managed by third parties under contract to us (“User Analysis Tools”), such as Fullstory and Mixpanel. User Analysis Tools are subject to their own privacy policies and you may write to us to obtain a full list of such tools and their applicable policies. We use User Analysis Tools to help us understand how to improve Vector.
You may write to us if you would like to gain access to the personal information that we have on file for you (“records”). We will require you to prove your identity in order to ensure that we are granting access to the correct person.
If you discover a discrepancy in our data then you may ask us to correct the error. But in most cases, the personal information that we have collected will be automatically generated (i.e. IP addresses of connections your device has made to our services).
If you have decided to cease using the Vector application then you may write to us to request deletion of the corresponding records that we hold about you. We may decline a request to delete records on the grounds of legal requirements, business necessity, or anticipated need in the future. We are unable to delete the personal information held by other companies that interact with the Vector application, such as the records related to Privy.
We generally hold personal information and other business records indefinitely, but we do not guarantee any particular storage time. We reserve the right to delete data at any time and encourage you to ensure that you have your own copies of any personal information or other records that you wish to retain.
Tensor Labs is a law-abiding Canadian corporation. Accordingly, we may be required to disclose personal information due to legal process in Canada or another jurisdiction.
If Vector is sold or acquired as part of a merger or other lawful transaction then we will transfer your personal information to the acquirer.
We may amend this policy by providing you with notice at least 5 business days in advance of any change.
You may write to us regarding our privacy practices and this policy at:
compliance@tensor.so