Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy
At Green Lotus Games (“Green Lotus Games” or "we" / “our”) data protection and confidentiality is a high priority.
This Privacy Policy explains how personal information about you is collected, shared and used by Green Lotus Games and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you use our mobile game applications, forums, websites and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
This Privacy Policy governs all our Services.
We may amend and/or update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version in response to changing legal, technical or business reasons and developments. If we make material changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the notice and, depending on the specific amendments, we may provide you with additional notice. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. Your continued use of the Services shall mean your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
Information collected through our Titles, and information provided to us by advertising and analytics partners:
IDENTIFIERS:
Advertising ID
– Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID (“GAID“) on Android devices, or ID For Advertising (“IDFA“) on iOS devices. The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. Additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID can be found under “How to Control Information”.
IP address
of the device.
A unique ID generated by our advertising partners to recognize a device in a specific Title.
ID of a device which is unique only to our Titles.
General technical information about a device – Technical information such as:
The device type and language, operating system name and version.
The device’s time zone.
The amount of free memory on the device.
The name and version of the Title.
Battery status.
The name of the mobile carrier.
The device’s internet connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi).
Activity in connection with the Title: Transactions and in-app purchases made in the Title, progress or movement in the Title, and in-game events.
Information received from advertising and analytics partners:
Campaign information – An indication if an ad of a Title was viewed or clicked.
The total amount of revenues received as a result of advertising served to a specific device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
We use the information we collect mainly to provide services to players of our Titles. In addition, we use the information for the following purposes:
to improve and optimize the Titles and our players’ experiences;
to provide players with information about our Titles, including in-game updates, new Titles, and promotional offers;
to provide technical support;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect Green Lotus Games rights and property in connection with the Titles;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities;
to manage and deliver advertising, including for the purpose of analytics, measuring the effectiveness of ads, limiting the number of ads served, generating aggregated reports, and attribution;
to administer rewards, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to conduct marketing campaigns across our advertising and marketing partners, including campaigns that use audience lists created based on player interactions with the Titles;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties;
to conduct research.
The GDPR Angle:
Under the GDPR, we rely on the following legal basis for the processing of personal data:
We process personal data for providing services to players of our Titles for the performance of our contract with them.
We process personal data for the purposes of preventing fraud or potentially illegal activities, protecting our rights and property, serving advertising (except for personalized advertising), conducting marketing campaigns (except for audience lists based campaigns), improving and optimizing the Titles, providing information and promotional offers to players of our titles, administering rewards and conducting research, based on our legitimate interests.
We, or our advertising partners, may process personal data for the purpose of serving personalized advertising, game usage analytics, or conducting marketing campaigns based on audience lists and creating such audience lists, if we, or our advertising partners, obtained that player’s consent.
We may also process your personal data for compliance with applicable legal obligations.
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We store information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy, for a maximum period of one year from its collection. In some circumstances we may store information for longer periods of time, for instance when the information is required for us to establish or exercise our rights or to defend against legal claims.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– for the purpose of receiving, or delivering, advertising campaigns from such advertising partners.
Our corporate affiliates
– from which we receive services, such as IT, security, storage, and other internal operations.
Advertisers
– for the purposes of attribution.
Analytics partners
– for the purpose of receiving analytics services.
Service providers
– We share your information with our service providers for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, analytics, reporting, and storage.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof.
Investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues.
Establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims.
Prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party.
Collaborate with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
When we are undergoing any potential or actual change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition, or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762 (under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
– You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us from within each of our Titles (this will affect only our processing within the specific Title), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data in all our Titles on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please send an email with your request to the following address: greenlotus15394@gmail.com. Please note that we will process your request subject to verification of your identity.
Third-Party Services
Our services may link to other websites or mobile apps. Please be advised that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or mobile apps as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these websites and/or mobile apps and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites and/or mobile apps.
How we may disclose your information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
• With other users of our Services;
• In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable legal requirement;
• If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Green Lotus Games or others;
• In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
• With your consent or at your direction.
We also may share aggregated information or otherwise anonymized information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Security
We have implemented security measures to ensure that our internal procedures meet our high security policy standards. Accordingly, we strive to protect the quality and integrity of your personal information. This includes encryption of data and use of pseudonymisation, whenever applicable.
Your data protection rights
You are at any time entitled to be informed and/or access the personal information about you that we process, but with certain legislative exceptions. You have the right to:
i) object to the collection and further processing of your personal information;
ii) have your personal data updated, rectified, erased or blocked;
iii) receive information about you that you have provided to us;
iv) opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information; and
v) have your personal information transmitted to another data controller (data portability). In order for you to exercise your data protection rights we are obliged to verify your identity.
We can only verify your identity if you are logged in on one of our Services. You will therefore only be able to exercise your rights if you log in and follow the steps as explained.
If you want us to update, amend or delete the personal information that we have collected about you, wish to get access to the data being processed about you, or if you have any questions concerning the this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at
greenlotus15394@gmail.com
.
Advertisement In Application
We use advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Firebase
Unity
Age, Children
Our Services are not intended for children.
Green Lotus Games has implemented age-gate to its games to verify players’ age. Even if you are below the age needed for providing a valid consent for targeted advertising, profiling and geolocation, you can continue accessing our Services. However, there will be no profiling, targeted advertising or geolocation tracking, Our Services will then only contain contextual advertising. We will only collect data, on players under 13 years of age, (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union), when it is needed to provide the service and ensure that they are protected in accordance with the applicable privacy laws.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union) who uses our Services, please contact us at greenlotus15394@gmail.com, if you have any questions or comments. On your request we will delete your child’s personal information if we are able to identify your child, unless you provide us with your verifiable consent for your child to continue to use our games.
How to contact us
If you have any questions whatsoever, feel free to reach out to us.
Name of the Data controller:
Green Lotus Games
greenlotus15394@gmail.com