To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
{title}
accordion
apple
arrow-btn
arrow-down
arrow-left-simple
arrow-left
arrow-right-simple
arrow-right-table
arrow-right
card-arrow
check
configure
cta-arrow
cz-flag
download
dropdown
google-play
icon-test
info
logo-symbol-currentcolor
logo-symbol
mail
messenger
phone
pin
play
plus-green
plus
quote
social-be
social-fb
social-ig
social-pin
social-vimeo
social-youtube
spin
tree
zoom
Privacy Statement (EU)
This privacy statement was last updated on 26. 2. 2025 and applies to citizens and legal permanent residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland.
In this privacy statement, we explain what we do with the data we obtain about you via
https://www.terafest.eu
. We recommend you carefully read this statement. In our processing we comply with the requirements of privacy legislation. That means, among other things, that:
we clearly state the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this by means of this privacy statement;
we aim to limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data required for legitimate purposes;
we first request your explicit consent to process your personal data in cases requiring your consent;
we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and also require this from parties that process personal data on our behalf;
we respect your right to access your personal data or have it corrected or deleted, at your request.
If you have any questions, or want to know exactly what data we keep of you, please contact us.
1. Purpose, data and retention period
We may collect or receive personal information for a number of purposes connected with our business operations which may include the following: (click to expand)
1.1 Contact – Through phone, mail, email and/or webforms
For this purpose we use the following data:
A telephone number
An email address
A first and last name
The basis on which we may process these data is:
Upon the provision of consent.
Retention period
We retain this data until the service is terminated.
1.2 To support services or products that a customer wants to buy or has purchased
For this purpose we use the following data:
A first and last name
An email address
A telephone number
The basis on which we may process these data is:
Upon the provision of consent.
Retention period
We retain this data until the service is terminated.
1.3 Compiling and analyzing statistics for website improvement.
For this purpose we use the following data:
A first and last name
An email address
A telephone number
The basis on which we may process these data is:
Upon the provision of consent.
Retention period
We retain this data until the service is terminated.
2. Cookies
Our website uses cookies. For more information about cookies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
3. Disclosure practices
We disclose personal information if we are required by law or by a court order, in response to a law enforcement agency, to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information, or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety.
If our website or organisation is taken over, sold, or involved in a merger or acquisition, your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and will be passed on to the new owners.
We have concluded a data Processing Agreement with Google.
4. Security
We are committed to the security of personal data. We take appropriate security measures to limit abuse of and unauthorised access to personal data. This ensures that only the necessary persons have access to your data, that access to the data is protected, and that our security measures are regularly reviewed.
5. Third-party websites
This privacy statement does not apply to third-party websites connected by links on our website. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. We recommend you read the privacy statements of these websites prior to making use of these websites.
6. Amendments to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to make amendments to this privacy statement. It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement regularly in order to be aware of any changes. In addition, we will actively inform you wherever possible.
7. Accessing and modifying your data
If you have any questions or want to know which personal data we have about you, please contact us. You can contact us by using the information below. You have the following rights:
You have the right to know why your personal data is needed, what will happen to it, and how long it will be retained for.
Right of access: You have the right to access your personal data that is known to us.
Right to rectification: you have the right to supplement, correct, have deleted or blocked your personal data whenever you wish.
If you give us your consent to process your data, you have the right to revoke that consent and to have your personal data deleted.
Right to transfer your data: you have the right to request all your personal data from the controller and transfer it in its entirety to another controller.
Right to object: you may object to the processing of your data. We comply with this, unless there are justified grounds for processing.
Please make sure to always clearly state who you are, so that we can be certain that we do not modify or delete any data of the wrong person.
8. Submitting a complaint
If you are not satisfied with the way in which we handle (a complaint about) the processing of your personal data, you have the right to submit a complaint to the Data Protection Authority.
9. Contact details
WPC – WOODPLASTIC a.s.
V celnici 1034/6
Nové Město
110 00 Praha 1
Czech Republic
Website:
https://www.terafest.eu
Email: wpc@woodplastic.cz
Phone number: +420 321 001 523
10. Data Requests
For the most frequently submitted requests, we also offer you the possibility to use our data request form
×
Name
Name
Email
Submit a request for access to the data we process about you.
Submit a request for deletion of the data if it is no longer relevant.
Submit a request to receive an export file of the data we process about you.
Manage consent