1. Introduction
We have created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to the privacy of your information
and to explain to you our use of your information. The www.engineersireland.ie
website (the “Website”) is operated by the Institution of Engineers of Ireland
trading as Engineers Ireland (“we”, “us”, “our”, “Engineers Ireland”). In order
to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy
Statement and to consult our Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”).
This Privacy Statement (together with the Terms and any other
documents referred to) sets out the basis on which any personal data we
collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand
our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
If you are under 16 years of age, please read this Privacy Statement with a
parent or guardian to make sure you understand it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Acts 1988-2003, the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 and any national
implementing legislation (the “applicable Data protection law”),
Engineers Ireland is the Data Controller.
2. Information we may
collect from you
We collect and process the following information:
o
Information that you provide to us when using this
Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use
this Website, subscribing to our services or purchasing goods, posting material
or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you
enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, or our partners and when you
report a problem with the Website.
o
Information you provide to us when applying through
the Website for membership of Engineers Ireland, which will typically include
your name and contact details and details of your relevant educational
qualifications and work experience.
o
In our group email initiatives, such as but not limited to the weekly Training and Events Update (ENGAGE), the Engineers Journal email, and the CONNECT Corporate Newsletter (all of which members are automatically subscribed to), we monitor metrics like email open rates, click-throughs, deliverability and site visits. This information is kept for the sole use of quality assurance and improving our email content and deliverability. You can unsubscribe from any email initiative using the links in the email footer of each individual email.
o
If you contact us for any reason, we may keep a
record of that correspondence for as long as it is necessary regarding the
nature of your contact.
o
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use
for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them. We will
always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such correspondence.
o
Details of transactions through the Website to
which you are a party and of the fulfilment of your orders.
o
Details of your visits to the Website including,
but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data
and the resources, advertisements and linked sites that you access.
o
Other personal information such as telephone
recordings, CCTV images at our offices, web casts and images from conferences
and other Engineers Ireland events.
o
Sometimes we may use your information when you are
not a member. For example, a supporter for a membership application, a
potential member or customer applying for one of our services, a volunteer or
an employee or a job applicant.
3. Where we store your
personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using
SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password
which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for
keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with
anyone.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored
at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may
also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or
for one of our suppliers. In all such cases Engineers Ireland will only
transfer such data where there is an adequate level of data protection
in that country that is no less protective than that which is provided
in Ireland.
4. How we use your
information
We use information held about you:
o
To ensure that content from our Website is
presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
o
To provide you with information, products or
services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you
have consented to be contacted for such purposes or where it is in the
legitimate interests of Engineers Ireland to provide you with this information;
o
To carry out our obligations arising from any
contracts entered into between you and us;
o
To allow you to participate in interactive features
of our Website;
o
To notify you about changes to our Website and/or
services.
We may also use your data to provide you with information about our
goods and services which may be of interest to you (e.g. CPD Courses,
publications) and we or our agents may contact you about these by post,
email and telephone. You are free to unsubscribe and opt-out of this
communication at any time and we will always provide you with a way of
doing so. If you are happy for us to use your data in this way please
tick the relevant boxes when we collect your contact preferences.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you (such as
email, voicemail or SMS) with information about goods and services
similar to those which were the subject of a previous transaction with
you.
We do not, without your consent, disclose information about
identifiable individuals to third parties, but we may send anonymised
statistical data to them for research and survey purposes. We may also
use such information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they
want to target (for example, those in the engineering profession). We
may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable
us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their
advertisement to that target audience. We use Google analytics –
information on this can be obtained at
www.google.com/analytics
.
This website uses the open-source web analysis
service Matomo. Matomo uses technologies that make it possible to recognise the
user across multiple pages with the aim of analysing the user patterns. The
information recorded by Matomo about the use of this website will be stored on
a server based in the EU. Prior to archiving, the IP address will first be
anonymised.
Through Matomo, we are able to
collect and analyse data on the use of our website-by-website visitors. This
enables us to find out, for instance, when which page views occurred and from
which region they came. In addition, we collect various log files (e.g. IP
address, referrer, browser, and operating system used) and can measure whether
our website visitors perform certain actions (e.g. clicks, purchases, etc.).
The use of this analysis tool is
based on Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in
the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operator’s web
offerings. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried
out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TTDSG, insofar
the consent includes the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g.,
device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. This consent can be
revoked at any time.
For analysis with Matomo we use
IP anonymisation. Your IP address is shortened before the analysis, so that it
is no longer clearly assignable to you.
This website also uses the analytics tool
Hotjar, a technology service that allows us to better understand the user
experience, which enables us to build and maintain our website, which
is our legitimate interest. Through HotJar,
w
e may temporarily store the name of your
internet
service provider, IP address, the parts of our website
you
visit, the date and duration of the visit, and
information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen
resolution, language, country
you are located in, and web
browser type) used during your
visit or other similar
information that helps us understand your behaviour on our website.
We process this usage data
to
facilitate
access to our website (e.g. to adjust our
website to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analy
se, develop, improve, secure
or optimi
se the use, function
and performance of
our website, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right
audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or
anonymised form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data
processing is
Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Engineers Ireland does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to
third parties.
Engineers Ireland may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of
external business partners about a particular offering that may be of
interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable
information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred
to the third party. In addition, Engineers Ireland may share data with
trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email
or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal
information except to provide these services to Engineers Ireland, and
they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Engineers Ireland does not gather special category data, such as race,
religion, or political affiliations, from you.
The Engineers Ireland Website will disclose your personal
information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the
good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform with a legal obligation;
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of Engineers Ireland; or
(c) to protect the personal safety of users of Engineers Ireland, or the
public.
5. Disclosure of your
information
We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries or data
processers working directly on our behalf for a specified purpose, for
example, an external event management company obtaining delegate
registrations for our annual conference. They do not keep this
information and it is only used for the purpose we contract them for. We
may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under
a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with
any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and
other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of
Engineers Ireland, our members, or others.
6. Safeguarding your
personal information
We endeavour to use appropriate security measures at all times toprotect
your data. The Website has security measures in place to protect
the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
These security measures include SSL certificates to ensure encrypteddata
is received as it was sent, cookies and secure servers not
accessible from anywhere but the Engineers Ireland Virtual Private
Network (VPN). However, as no data transmission over the Internet can beguaranteed
as 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security
of
any information you transmit to us and you transfer the data at your own
risk.
7. Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where
available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for
system administration and to report aggregate information to our
advertisers. This is statistical data about how you browse our Website
and is not specific enough to identify any individual user.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general
Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive
of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to
your computer’s hard drive. Cookies help us to improve our Website and
to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
o
To estimate usage numbers and patterns;
o
To store information about your preferences, and so
allow us to customise our Website according to your individual interests;
o
To speed up your searches;
o
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your
browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if
you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the
Website or unable to avail of any of our services. Unless you have
adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system
will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have
no control.
8. Your rights
We hope you are satisfied with the way in which we use your information.
However, you have the right to tell us if you:
o
Don't want to be contacted in the future by us;
o
Would like a copy of the personal information which
we hold about you;
o
Would like us to correct, update, or delete your
personal information in our records;
o
Wish to report any misuse of your personal
information.
If you would like to exercise
any of these rights please do so by emailing us at
privacy@engineersireland.ie
or
writing to us at Engineers Ireland, 22 Clyde Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin D04
R3N2.
We hope you are happy with how we use your information but if you are
not, you may lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner
at
info@dataprotection.ie
9. Acceptance of this
Privacy Statement
By your use of this Website, you signify that you have read this
Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable
with any aspect of the Privacy Statement, we recommend that you
discontinue use of the Website and your engagement with us.
We reserve the right to modify this
Privacy Statement
at
any time. Your continued use of any portion of the Website following
notification or posting of such changes will constitute your
acknowledgment of those changes.
(
13 October 2022
)
Engineers Ireland, 22 Clyde Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin
D04 R3N2
, Ireland | Tel: +353 (0)1 665 1300
Policy on Retention of
Data
Individuals applying for membership of Engineers Ireland and for
acceptance for membership and registered title must provide personal
data so that their applications can be considered in line with the
assessment criteria used by Engineers Ireland which is in the context of
the statutory obligations of Engineers Ireland and in accordance with
the various international agreements to which Engineers Ireland is
committed.
The data requested by Engineers Ireland relates primarily to the
individual applicants contact information and details of their
qualifications and work experience.
Once individuals have been elected to membership or registered title,
the data will be retained as Engineers Ireland has a legal obligation
to maintain a register of Chartered Engineers and the other registered
titles.
Individuals may also provide bank or credit card details in order to pay
the application fee or annual subscription.
If an individual resigns from membership or is removed from
membership for non-payment of subscription their records will be
retained on the register for a period of 3 years. This is in order to
keep a record of the titles awarded and in the case that they request to
be reinstated, to save them the inconvenience of again going through
the assessment process, submitting qualification certificates, attending
professional interviews etc.
Engineers Ireland will on occasion communicate important regulation
updates or seek customer service feedback from lapsed members and their
data will be used for this non-commercial purpose.
If after 3 years they have not requested to be reinstated, their
details will be removed from the register and will be archived to an
offline system. This system will only be assessed if needed and then
with limited access. At no time will the offline system be accessible
externally.
For individuals who have commenced the membership application process
but have not completed the process or were not successful in the
process their data will be retained for a period of 3 years in case they
wish to reapply for membership.
Refer a friend terms and conditions
Definitions
Wherever these words or expressions appear in these Terms and Conditions
of scheme the following shall apply.
o
“€100” means a One4All voucher to the value of
“€100”, no alternative is available.
o
Referrer means an existing fully paid up active
member of Engineers Ireland who refers a friend under this scheme.
o
Referred means a person who is a friend of the
Referrer who has not submitted an application for membership with Engineers
Ireland in the last 2 years and has not been an active Engineers Ireland member
for at least 4 years.
o
Payment means a One4All voucher to the value of
€100
By making a referral under the Engineers Ireland Refer a Friend
Scheme, both the Referrer and the Referred agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions of the scheme as set out herein.
In order to
qualify for the payment under the Refer a Friend Scheme
the following
Terms and Conditions apply:
o
In order to receive the payment, the Referred must
have the membership number of the Referrer available to quote when submitting
the initial application for membership. Membership Numbers submitted after the
initial application will not be deemed eligible for the Refer a Friend Scheme
payment.
o
Payment will not be made to the Referrer until the
Referred is elected to membership with Engineers Ireland and annual
subscription fees are paid in full. The Referred shall not be eligible for our
discounted subscription rates, full subscriptions fees apply.
o
The Referred must apply for membership through
official Engineers Ireland referral channels which are over the phone with our
Membership Team, via our paper application form or online via our online
application form at
www.engineersireland.ie
.
o
Payment will not be given for referrals that were
made prior to the launch date of the Refer a Friend Scheme June 2010
o
The Referrer will not receive payment if the
Engineers Ireland membership number of the Referrer is not provided accurately
by the Referred. The Referrer must ensure that Engineers Ireland Membership
Team has their correct contact details to guarantee receipt of payment.
o
The Referrer is limited to a maximum of three
referrals during the period of the Refer a Friend Scheme and no party shall
receive any payment where such number is exceeded.
o
Engineers Ireland reserves the right, in its
absolute discretion, to exclude any person from the "Engineers Ireland
Refer a Friend Scheme" if, in its reasonable opinion, Engineers Ireland
believes that the Referrer or Referred is acting fraudulently or in bad faith.
o
Please note employees of Engineers Ireland can not
avail of this scheme.
Engineers Ireland reserves the right to vary or amend these terms and
conditions at any time, where in its opinion there is a valid
commercial, technical or operational reason to do so.
Terms and Conditions
I hereby apply for membership of Engineers Ireland. I undertake that if
elected I will abide by the
Code
of Ethics and Bye-laws and the Membership Regulations of Engineers
Ireland.
I agree that the College(s) from which I graduated may release
details of my qualifications to Engineers Ireland. I accept
responsibility for the accuracy of the particulars contained in this
form including my qualifications and I agree that if admitted to
membership the validity of my admission shall depend upon the accuracy of
such particulars.
I agree that an administration fee can apply as outlined in the
Engineers Ireland rates should the application be withdrawn. I agree that
upon applying for membership or reinstating membership, the 20% administration
fee will apply in the following cases:
o
to individuals who do not pay the compulsory
reinstatement fee within 30 days of submitting an online application
o
to applications that are withdrawn prior to final
decision of the Membership and Qualifications Board on the application
I agree to the
Engineers
Ireland
Privacy Statement and Policy on Retention of Data. I agree that if
applying for membership through the Refer a Friend Scheme to have read and
agree to the terms and conditions of the scheme.
Our site uses cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience. By selecting “Accept”, you agree to the use of cookies on your device.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept
Privacy Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label