Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Matters
LAST UPDATED: 30 APRIL 2020
Your Privacy and data safety are the highest priority for us! Welcome to the services of Minor Bug (including Apps Trend 2019 now Brave Jackals). We at Minor Bugs are strict about protecting the privacy rights of our users. This Document defines the way we or our partners collect, utilize, manage, and store user data including personal information. This data can be provided by the user in many ways like our mobile games on either Google Play Store, Amazon, or iOS App Store. The scope of this Policy is limited to Information received or collected by Minor Bugs via any related Service of Minor Bugs (including Apps Trend 2019 now Brave Jackals), you used.
NOTE: Use of the service shows that you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy, if you do not agree with the Policy please do not use the Service. Below is how we (may) collect and use your data (if we have to). Game Data Collection: We at Minor Bugs do not intentionally store or collect any personal user data but our distribution or ad partners may collect (Depending on the requirements of the Game) user data as a log file when you download and play our games. You can ask for access and to delete your personal data by contacting directly our mentioned service partners.
ADVERTISEMENT:
We use Advertising features in our Games and other Services. Advertisers may acquire and use your personal information like Mac Address, IMEI, IP, and Geolocation for ad targeting to offer you interest-based ads. This is only used to show advertisements for your location and as per your interest.
NOTE: Installation of any of our apps or games containing ads expresses that such data may be shared with the advertiser.
USE OF INFORMATION:
Your personal and non-personal information can be used, both individually and in the aggregate, in the following ways: To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to Operate, improve, and develop our games and services; Populate online leader boards and enable online challenges; Help you find your friends or share with your friends Minor Bugs product; Facilitate sharing on social networks; Serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising; Measure the health of our services; We do not disclose any of your information without your approval but if you agree your data can only be shared for a limited scope of use like Marketing purposes, etc. Third-party sharing includes Advertisers, sponsors, business partners publishers, etc. We use Unity 3d for game development and Ads network SDKs for advertisement purposes. All the Services and SDKs integrated have their privacy policies defined explicitly to protect the user data to a foolproof extent according to rules set by GDPR.
You can visit them through these links;
UNITY 3D GAME DEVELOPMENT AND ADS SERVICES:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
GOOGLE SERVICES AND ADMOB:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Consoli Ads and Partners:
https://consoliad.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook Audience Network:
https://web.facebook.com/policy
Change in Privacy Policy:
Minor Bugs reserves the right to change the Policy at any time. The new policy change will be updated will be effective at the time of update. Social Media: For marketing purposes, Minor Bugs allows you to invite or share your experience or performance on social media networks, check your social networks for privacy preferences if you intend to share the game scores and rewards with your social circle.
Children Policy:
We do not purposefully collect or use the information of our users that is under the age of 13. Please do not send your personal information like Name, email, telephone, and address. We delete the information from users aged under 13 (if provided to us) and the same is executed by our third-party partners.
Security:
We practice appropriate action to secure your data from unauthorized access and usage by third parties. Although we take solid measures to secure your data absolute security is not guaranteed though. We cannot guarantee or take any responsibility of security leaks to prevent “Hackers” from accessing the data illegally.
NOTE:
Minor Bugs Games and products may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Your continued use of them indicates that you understand that your data may be collected by Minor Bugs and third-party partners and that you consent to that collection.
NOTE:
Minor Bugs cannot guarantee the integrity of versions of products that are installed from unofficial channels and do not support/provide customer support or privacy guarantees for those unofficial versions. If you are using a version of one of our products that was installed from an unofficial channel, we encourage you to remove it from your device as soon as possible and install an officially distributed version.
Contact at
appstrend987@gmail.com
for any query. We will be there for immediate support. Thanks
Minor Bugs