Privacy Policy of Clean Storage - Photo Cleaner
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Policy Summary
Owner and Data Controller:
RIJIPUPS OÜ
Harju maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna linnaosa, Vesivärava tn 50-201,
10152
Estonia
Owner contact email:
rijipups@gmail.com
Information we collect
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. We also collect information generated as you use our services, such as access logs, information from third parties, basis profile details. For more detail check information below.
●
When you subscribe to a paid service or make a purchase directly from us (rather than through a platform such as iOS or Android), you provide us or our payment service provider with information, such as your debit or credit card number or other financial information.
● When you participate in our surveys or focus groups, you give us your opinion into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
● If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people, we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
● Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
● Your marketing preferences
Information that we collect while you are using our service
● Camera and Photos. Our service requires us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. We will access your camera and photos only after you give us consent.
● Contacts. Our service requires us to collect phone numbers and other information from your device’s Contacts. We will access your contacts only after you give us consent.
● Usage information. We collect information about your activity on our application, like how you use it (date/time you logged in, features of services you have been using, clicks, pages you were visiting, ads that you click on).
● When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, unique device identifiers (MAC and IMEI), hardware model, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data"). If you had some crashes we also will collect this information for troubleshooting purposes.
Information we receive from others
We also collect some information we receive about you from others, besides the one you already provide us directly..
● When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your consent, we may also get information about your location using methods that include GPS, cell towers, wireless network, Wi-Fi access points and other sensors, such as compasses and gyroscopes.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
● Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
● Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
● Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
How we use your personal information
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent. We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, analyze and learn about how the services are accessed and used, evaluate and improve our Services, analyze the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns to improve our Apps, products, marketing and your experience.
Will your information be shared with anyone?
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
● Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
● Legal obligations: We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such actions are necessary to follow the law, such as government requests, litigation, court order, legal process and government requests to comply with applicable national security requirements. We may also disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies
● Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests according to our Terms of use.
● Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to their Websites and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about the things and services you are interested in. We have described more detailed information and the use of our Cookies above.
How long we retain your information?
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Factors we consider in determining these periods include the minimum required retention period prescribed by law or recommended as best practice, the period during which a claim can be made with respect to an agreement or other matter, whether the personal information has been aggregated, and other relevant criteria.
How do we keep your information safe?
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Do we collect information from minors?
We respects the privacy of children under the terms of COPPA. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. If we learn that personal information from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete any data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at rijipups@gmail.com
Do California residents have specific privacy rights?
This Section is only applicable to you if you are a resident of the state of California in the US (“California Residents”) California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Third Part Policy check list
Advertising platforms:
● Admob. https://www.google.co.uk/about/company/consenthelpstaging.html
● Facebook. https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Analytics platforms:
● Google Analytics. https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html/
● Firebase. https://firebase.google.com/terms/
● Facebook. https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy/
● AppMetrica.
https://yandex.ru/legal/metrica_agreement/
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
How to contact us about this policy?
● If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at
rijipups@gmail.com
Latest update: July 26, 2024
﻿
©2021
All rights reserved
Terms of Use
Contact us