Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 17, 2024
Introduction
Welcome to InkMe ("we", "our", "us"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at contact@inkme.app.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the app, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, participate in activities on the app, or otherwise contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the app, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Name
Email Address
User-generated content (tattoo designs, images, etc.)
Information Collected Automatically
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the app. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our app, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our app, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
How We Use Your Information
We use personal information collected via our app for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below:
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
To send administrative information to you.
To fulfill and manage your orders.
To post testimonials.
To request feedback.
To protect our services.
To enforce our terms, conditions, and policies.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
To manage user accounts.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
To respond to user inquiries and offer support to users.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
Sharing Your Information
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations. We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Security of Your Information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
Retention of Your Information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
Your Privacy Rights
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. You are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact us at:
Email:
contact@inkme.app