Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
privacy policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
Cookies
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files - "cookies" - that hold information which allows a website to recognize your account. Our website takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience. You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired.
Disclosing Information
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties unless you permit us to do so by ticking the relevant boxes in registration or competition forms. We may also use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with us. You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device. If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose information collected on this website to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent.
We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties - for example, the number of individuals visiting our website or completing a registration form, but we will not use any information that could identify those individuals.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please email us at hi@erikchi.com. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details form any list under our control.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it