Our Privacy Policy
Stylink Social Media GmbH (hereinafter called "stylink") takes the protection of the privacy of visitors to the website www.stylink.com seriously. The collection, processing and use of personal data by stylink therefore occurs in accordance with this privacy policy and the legal provisions for the protection of personal data and data security, in particular the provisions of the Data Protection Basic Regulation (EU-DSGVO) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). Personal data is all data that can be personally related to you, e.g. your name, address, telephone number, Instagram user data, Instagram images with the hashtag #stylink, account or payment data, product information but also usage data such as the IP address of a computer.
Please read this privacy policy carefully. It explains the type, scope and purpose of the collection, processing and use of personal data of persons using our website.
1. Responsible body
This Privacy Policy applies to the visit to www.stylink.com and use of the features of the website. The operator and responsible body according to the data protection law is
Stylink Social Media GmbH
Friedrich-Ebert-Str. 181-183
48153 Münster
Germany
HRB 18156 | Münster Local Court | VAT ID No.: DE313221267
Managing Director: Michael Elschenbroich
Phone:
+44 20 39664658
E-mail:
influencer@stylink.com
Web:
www.stylink.com/en
2. contact details of the data protection officer
You can contact our data protection officer at the above company address or at:
datenschutz@stylink.com
.
3. Subject of data protection
The subject of data protection is personal data. This is individual information about the personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person, e. g. name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, user data of social networks, pictures of social networks, account or payment data, product information but also usage data such as the IP address of a computer.
4. Collection of personal data for informational use
(1)
We do not collect any personal data when the website www.stylink.com is visited if the user does not log in, register or otherwise provide us with information with the exception of data transmitted by the browser which enables the visit to the website. These are:
IP address
Date and time of the server request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (concrete page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred
Web page from which the request came (referrer URL, browser type and version)
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software
IP address (host name of the computer used)
(2)
The monitored data will be processed by us for the following purposes:
Ensuring a smooth connection set-up of the website
Ensuring comfortable use of our website
Evaluation of system safety and stability
Other administrative purposes
(3)
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate interest follows from the purposes listed above for the collection of data. We do not use the collected data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about persons.
(4)
We use cookies and other analysis services on our website in order to optimise the functionality and usability. More detailed information regarding the usage of cookies can be found at number 7 and 8 of this privacy policy.
5. Use of the functions of our website
(1)
In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services that you can use if you are interested. For this purpose, you must provide further personal data, which we use to provide the respective service. It is marked when additional voluntary information can be added.
(2)
When you contact us via e-mail, we will store your e-mail address and, if you indicate your name and telephone number, we will use them in order to answer your questions.
(3)
If you wish to register on our website, we will set up and store password-protected direct access for you to your data (customer account). For this purpose, it is necessary for you to provide personal data, which is stored revocably for the use of our service. The following data necessary for the processing of transactions will be requested during this process:
IP address
Date and time of the server request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Contents of the request (concrete page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred in each case
Web page from which the request came (referrer URL, browser type and version, etc.)
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of browser software
Further information is voluntary. You can delete the created customer account during your registration at any time in the customer area of our website. If you delete your customer account, we will only save your data as far as this is necessary for the purpose of fulfilling the contract and delete it as soon as we are no longer legally obliged to save it (in particular due to tax and commercial law storage obligations).
(4)
In order to prevent unauthorised access by third parties to your personal data, in particular financial data, the stylink offers are encrypted using SSL technology.
6. Storage of photos
(1)
When you have given us your consent during the registration process, we will transfer and save your marked photos from your social media profile to stylink.
(2)
You can revoke your consent to the storage of photos at any time with effect for the future by sending an e-mail to privacy@stylink.com or by post to the address given in section 1.
(3)
If you have given us your consent to the storage of photos, the consent you have given is as follows:
I agree that Stylink Social Media GmbH, Münster, may store photos and associated product information in my stylink profile for the purpose of display and exclusively for the aforementioned purpose.
7. Newsletter
(1)
If you have expressly consented in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO, we will use your e-mail address to send you our newsletter on a regular basis. To receive the newsletter, it is sufficient to provide an e-mail address. If you submit the confirmation, we will store your e-mail address until you unsubscribe from the e-mail newsletter. To prevent misuse, when you click on the link sent in the confirmation e-mail, we store the IP address from which you accessed the newsletter and the time of your access.
(2)
You can revoke your consent to the sending of the e-mail newsletter at any time with effect for the future by clicking on the link provided in each e-mail newsletter to unsubscribe, by sending an e-mail to influencer@stylink.com or by post to the address given in section 1.
(3)
If you have given us your consent to use your e-mail address for advertising purposes, the consent you have given is as follows:
I agree that Stylink Social Media GmbH, Münster, regularly sends me offers and advertising information about the services and events sold under the "stylink" brand.
SendGrid
This website uses SendGrid to send newsletters. The provider is SendGrid, Inc. Denver, CO, USA.
SendGrid is a service that can be used to organise and analyse the sending of newsletters, among other things. The data you enter for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter is stored on SendGrid's servers in the USA. SendGrid is Privacy Shield certified.
If you do not want SendGrid to analyse your data, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. We provide a link for this purpose in every newsletter message. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly on the website.
Data analysis by SendGrid
With the help of SendGrid, we are able to analyse our newsletter campaigns. For example, we can see whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links have been clicked on. In this way, we can determine, among other things, which links were clicked on particularly often.
We can also recognise whether certain previously defined actions were carried out after opening/clicking (conversion rate). For example, we can recognise whether you have made a purchase after clicking on the newsletter.
SendGrid also enables us to categorise newsletter recipients according to various categories ("clustering"). Newsletter recipients can be categorised by age, gender or place of residence, for example. In this way, the newsletters can be better customised to the respective target groups.
8. Cookies
(1)
We use cookies on our website. These are small files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our site. Cookies do not damage your device, contain viruses, Trojan horses or other malicious software.
(2)
Information is stored in the cookie, which in each case results in connection with the specifically used terminal device. This does not, however, mean that we will immediately become aware of your identity.
(3)
The use of cookies serves to make the use of our offer more pleasant for you. For example, we use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are automatically deleted after leaving our site.
(4)
In addition, we also use temporary cookies to optimise user-friendliness, which are stored on your end device for a specific period of time. If you visit our site again to make use of our services, it is automatically recognized that you have already been with us and which inputs and settings you have made so that you do not have to enter them again.
(5)
We also use cookies to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimising our offer for you (see Section 8). These cookies enable us to automatically recognise that you have already visited our website when you visit it again. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined period.
(6)
The data processed by cookies are necessary for the purposes mentioned to safeguard our legitimate interests and those of third parties pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
(7)
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your end device or a message always appears before a new cookie is created. The complete deactivation of cookies may, however, result in you not being able to use all the functions of our website.
9. Analysis tools
(1)
Tracking Tools: the used tracking measures listed below are carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO. With the tracking measures used, we want to ensure on the one hand that our website is designed in line with requirements and continuously optimised. On the other hand, we use the tracking measures to record the use of our website statistically and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimising our offer for you. These interests are to be regarded as legitimate within the meaning of the aforementioned provision.
The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be found in the corresponding tracking tools.
(a) Google Analytics:
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc., for the purpose of tailoring our pages to meet your needs and continuously optimising them. (https://www.google.de/intl/de/about/) (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; hereinafter referred to as "Google"). In this context, pseudonymised user profiles are created and cookies (see Section 7) are used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website such as:
Browser type/version
Used operating system
Referrer URL (the previously visited page)
Host name of the accessing
computer (IP address)
Time of the server request
are transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage for market research purposes as well as to tailor these internet pages to meet specific needs. This information may also be transferred to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of third parties. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with other Google data. The IP addresses are anonymised so that an allocation is not possible (IP masking).
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Deactivate Google Analytics for this website:
You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).
Further information on data protection in connection with Google Analytics can be found in the Google Analytics help (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de).
(b) Google Adwords Conversion Tracking:
We also use Google Conversion Tracking to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimising our website for you. Google Adwords places a cookie (see paragraph 7) on your computer if you have reached our website via a Google advertisement.
These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages of the AdWords customer's website and the cookie has not expired, Google and the customer will be able to tell that the user clicked on the ad and was directed to that page.
Each Adwords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies can therefore not be traced via the websites of Adwords customers. The information collected using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for Adwords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Adwords customers will know the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were directed to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, you will not receive any information that personally identifies users.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse to set a required cookie, for example, by setting your browser to disable the automatic setting of cookies. You can also deactivate cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com". Google's Privacy Policy for Conversion Tracking can be found here (https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html).
(c) Google Retargeting / Remarketing:
We also use Google's remarketing feature. This function is used to inform visitors to our website about the Google advertising network.
Google will set a remarketing cookie (see paragraph 7) on your computer. This allows us to recognize a visitor when they visit websites that are part of Google's advertising network. On these pages, the visitor can then be presented with advertisements referring to content that the visitor has previously called up on websites that use Google's remarketing function (e.g. www.stylink.com).
According to its own information, Google does not collect any personal data during this process. However, if you do not want to enable Google's remarketing function to work, you can always deactivate it in the appropriate settings at http://www.google.com/settings/ads. Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies for interest-related advertising via the advertising network initiative by following the instructions at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
For more information about Google Remarketing and Google's privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/ privacy/ads/.
(d) Facebook Retargeting / Remarketing:
There are remarketing tags of the social network Meta Platforms, Inc. on our website (https://newsroom.fb.com/company-info/) (1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; hereinafter "Facebook"). When you visit our pages, remarketing tags establish a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. This enables Facebook to associate visiting our pages with your user account. We are able to use this information to display Facebook advertisements ("Ads") and would like to point out that, as the provider of the pages, we do not have any knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or its use by Facebook.< br/> Further information on this can be found in Facebook's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. If you do not wish data to be collected via Custom Audience, you can deactivate Custom Audiences here.
With your consent, we use Facebook's "visitor action pixel" on our website. With its help, we can track the actions of users after they have seen or clicked on a Facebook ad.
Thus, we measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, which means that we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may associate this information with your Facebook account and may also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Privacy Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You may enable Facebook and its affiliates to serve ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
This consent may only be given by users older than 13 years of age. If you are younger, please consult your parent or guardian for advice.
Here you can revoke your consent at any time.
Facebook Pixel Opt-Out
(2) WhatsApp Business
We offer visitors to our website the opportunity to contact us via the WhatsApp messaging service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. We use the so-called "business version" of WhatsApp for this purpose.
If you contact us via WhatsApp on the occasion of a specific transaction (for example, an order placed), we will store and use the mobile phone number you use on WhatsApp and - if provided - your first and last name in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. GDPR to process and respond to your enquiry. GDPR to process and respond to your request. On the same legal basis, we may ask you to provide further data (order number, customer number, address or e-mail address) via WhatsApp in order to be able to assign your enquiry to a specific process.
If you use our WhatsApp contact for general enquiries (e.g. about the range of services, availability or our website), we store and use the mobile phone number you use on WhatsApp and - if provided - your first and last name in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the efficient and timely provision of the requested information.
Your data will only ever be used to respond to your enquiry via WhatsApp. Your data will not be passed on to third parties.
Please note that WhatsApp Business receives access to the address book of the mobile device we use for this purpose and automatically transfers telephone numbers stored in the address book to a Facebook server in the USA. To operate our WhatsApp Business account, we use a mobile device whose address book only stores the WhatsApp contact data of those users who have contacted us via WhatsApp.
This ensures that every person whose WhatsApp contact data is stored in our address book has already consented to the transmission of their WhatsApp telephone number from the address books of their chat contacts in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR when using the app on their device for the first time by accepting the WhatsApp terms of use. The transmission of data of such users who do not use WhatsApp and/or have not contacted us via WhatsApp is excluded in this respect.
Meta Platforms, Inc., based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by WhatsApp, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your privacy, can be found in WhatsApp's privacy policy: https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/?eea=1#privacy-policy
In particular, I consent to my personal data (surname and first name, telephone number, messenger ID, profile picture and message history) being stored, processed and used to send messages to me in the context of the use of the respective messenger in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. An active account with the respective provider is required to use the messenger service.
I am also aware that stylink uses MessengerPeople GmbH, Herzog-Heinrich-Str. 9, 80336 Munich as a technical service provider and processor to provide this service.
My consent to the processing of personal data can be freely revoked at any time; a corresponding notification to stylink is sufficient for this purpose.
Responsible provider of the messenger services
Meta Platforms Ireland, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland the privacy policy is available at whatsapp.com/privacy/
Facebook Messenger Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, Ireland; the privacy policy is available at facebook.com/about/privacy
Telegram the Telegram Messenger LLP 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, United Kingdom; the privacy policy is available at https://telegram.org/privacy
Notify MessengerPeople GmbH, Herzog-Heinrich-Str. 9, 80336 Munich, Germany; this Notify privacy policy is available at https://www.messengerpeople.com/de/notify-datenschutzerklaerung/
Apple Business Chat Apple Inc, Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014; USA; the privacy policy is available at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/
Viber Messenger Viber Media S.à.r.l., 2, Rue du Fossé, L- 1536 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; the privacy policy is available at https://www.viber.com/terms/viber-privacy-policy/
(e) Hotjar
This website utilizes Hotjar. The provider is Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe (website:
https://www.hotjar.com
).
Hotjar is a tool used to analyze your user patterns on this website. Hotjar allows us to for instance record your mouse and scroll movements as well as your click. During this process, Hotjar also has the capability to determine how long your cursor remained in a certain position. Based on this information, Hotjar compiles so-called Heatmaps, that make possible to determine which parts of the website the website visitor reviews with preference.
We are also able to determine how long you have stayed on a page of this website and when you left. We can also determine at which point you suspended making entries into a contact form (so-called conversion funnels).
Furthermore, Hotjar can be deployed to obtain direct feedback from website visitors. This function aims at the improvement of the website offerings of the website operator.
Hotjar uses technologies that make it possible to recognize the user for the purpose of analyzing the user patterns (e.g., cookies or the deployment of device fingerprinting).
The use of this analysis tool is based on Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operator’s web offerings and advertising. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g., an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
Deactivation of Hotjar
If you would like to deactivate the recording of data by Hotjar, please click on the link below and follow the instructions provided under the link:
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
.
Please keep in mind that you will have to separately deactivate Hotjar for every browser and every device.
For more detailed information about Hotjar and the data to be recorded, please consult the Data Privacy Declaration of Hotjar under the following link:
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
Data processing
We have concluded a data processing agreement (DPA) with the above-mentioned provider. This is a contract mandated by data privacy laws that guarantees that they process personal data of our website visitors only based on our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.
10. Use of Facebook and Meta components
We use components of the provider Facebook or Meta, a service of Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, on our website and in our web and mobile applications.
Each time you visit our website or use our web and mobile applications that are equipped with such a component, your browser automatically downloads the corresponding representation of this component from the Facebook or Meta servers. This process tells Facebook or Meta which specific page of our website you are visiting.
If you are logged in to Facebook or Meta during your visit to our site, Facebook or Meta can assign your activities on our website or in our web and mobile applications to your personal user account.
This happens regardless of whether you click on the component or not. For example, if you use the "Like" button or leave comments, this information is transmitted to your Facebook or Meta account and stored there. In addition, the information that you have visited our site is passed on to Facebook or Meta.
By agreeing to the link between your Facebook or Meta accounts and the Stylink Analytics functions, you consent to your personal profile information being transferred from Facebook or Meta to Stylink Social Media GmbH and merged with your performance data. You also consent to this profile information being used for personal recommendations and analyses.
If you wish to prevent this transmission and storage of data about you and your behaviour on our website or in our web and mobile applications by Facebook or Meta, you must log out of Facebook or Meta before visiting our site. Further information on the collection and use of your data by Facebook or Meta, as well as your rights in this regard and the setting options for protecting your privacy, can be found in Facebook or Meta's data protection information at: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
An overview of the available Facebook and Meta plugins can be found at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
11. Data transfer to third parties
Your personal data will not be transferred to third parties for purposes other than those listed below. We will only pass on your personal data to third parties if:
You have given your express consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO
The disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your data
In the event that there is a legal obligation to pass on data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO
In the event that this is legally permissible and required for the execution of contractual relationships with you pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO
12. Rights affected
You have the right:
to request information about your personal data processed by us in accordance with Art. 15 DSGVO. In particular, you may request information on the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data have been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right of rectification, deletion, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of a right of complaint, the origin of your data, unless it has been collected from us, as well as the existence of an automated decision-making process including profiling and, if applicable, meaningful information on its details;
in accordance with Art. 16 DSGVO, to immediately request the correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us;
to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us in accordance with Art. 17 DSGVO, unless the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfilment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims;
to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 18 DSGVO if the correctness of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful but you refuse its deletion and we no longer need the data but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or you have lodged an objection against the processing in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO;
in accordance with Art. 20 DSGVO, to receive your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request the transfer to another responsible person;
in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 DSGVO, to revoke your consent once given to us at any time. The consequence of this is that we may no longer continue the data processing based on this consent in the future, and
to complain to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 DSGVO. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority at your usual place of residence or workplace or at our company headquarters.
13. Right of objection
(1) If your personal data are processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 DSGVO if there are reasons for doing so which results from your particular situation or if the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without stating a particular situation.
(2) If you wish to exercise your right of revocation or objection, simply send an e-mail to privacy@stylink.com.
14. Data security
(1) We use the most common SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method in connection with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. As a rule, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit v3 technology instead. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
(2) We also use suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
15. Topicality and change of this data security explanation
(1) This privacy policy is currently valid and as of May 2018.
(2) As a result of the further development of our website and offers on it, or due to changes in legal or official requirements, it may be necessary to amend this data protection declaration. You can call up and print out the current data protection declaration at any time on our website at https://www.stylink.com/privacy
16. List of integrated services
Please refer to a href="https://www.stylink.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/DSGVO-Liste-Dienste.pdf" target="_blank">our list (PDF), with which integrated services we share personal data within the limits of the EU-DSGVO.