Privacy Policy
获取链接
Facebook
X
Pinterest
电子邮件
其他应用
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at the app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
Keyboard Access
This font maker keyboard asks the access permission of your keyboard. In this way, you can fully experience the functions of our app. Please note that we do not track or record any personal data.
Data Use
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We will inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to some of the Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that I will be able to take necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us within our app.
获取链接
Facebook
X
Pinterest
电子邮件
其他应用
评论