Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to
Studio NX
Privacy Policy !
Studio NX
is the commercial name used by
Digital Distribution Doumengine S.A.S
(the "Service Provider"), based in 47 rue de Bahinos,
Anglet 64600 , France,
to develop and distribute free-to-play, ad-supported mobile games (the "Services") on platforms such as the App Store and the Google Play Store.
Our vision is to offer you a modern day arcade game experience but rather than inserting coins in the machine, you will encounter ads every few levels.
If you want, you also have the option to make in-game purchases, including the "No ads".
We're committed to transparency about the data we collect and the reasons behind it.
It is also very important for us that players have a healthy relationship with our games, that they don't feel tricked or like it's a waste of time playing them.
That's why if you have any questions, suggestions, concerns or need more clarity on our company, we will really appreciate if you could reach out to us at
contact@nxstudio.eu
WHAT PERSONAL
DATA IS BEING COLLECTED?
When you access and/or use our  Services, we collect certain categories of your personal data.
technical data
(e.g., identification data, IP address, device information as device’s mark and model, operating system, network used, screen size);
data relating to your use of the Services
(e.g., Games played, progr
ess and purchases i
n-Game, achievements, ad viewed in-Game, time stamp and duration of the connection, interactions through the text chat feature);
geolocation at the country level
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA ?
To Operate the Services
Purpose: To run the services effectively, including payment verification.
Legal Basis: Necessary to fulfill our contract with you.
Data Collected: Identification data, contact information, usage data.
Retention Period: Stored during service usage and up to 3 years after last contact.
To Improve Player Experience
Purpose: To develop and enhance the services and support.
Legal Basis: Our legitimate interest in providing a great user experience.
Data Collected: Identification data, contact information, technical data, usage data, geolocation (country level).
Retention Period: Up to 2 years after last contact.
To Show Personalized Ads
Purpose: To deliver targeted advertising based on your behavior and preferences.
Legal Basis: Your consent.
Data Collected: Identification data, contact information, connection data, technical data, any correspondence.
Retention Period: Up to 2 years after last contact or until you withdraw consent.
To Maintain Service Integrity
Purpose: To monitor and prevent fraud and ensure fair use.
Legal Basis: Our legitimate interest in preventing fraud and ensuring a safe environment.
Data Collected: Identification data, any relevant correspondence.
Retention Period: Up to 3 years after last contact.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA ?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in the objectives detailed above. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Services:
Google Play Services
,
AdMob
,
Facebook
,
Unity
,
GameAnalytics
,
AppLovin
.
The Service Provider may also disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with other trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
You have the following rights related to your personal data:
The right to be informed.
The right of access.
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
The right to object.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
Any rights that you find legitimate and you want to discuss with us
If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us at contact@nxstudio.eu
Also, you can stop all collection of information by the Service easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
CHILDREN
The Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case the Service Provider discover that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (contact@nxstudio.eu) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all change
This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-04-30
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Service, or have questions about the practices, please contact us via email at
contact@nxstudio.eu