PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on April 04, 2024
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Wilex Trading KFt. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at admin@wilex.eu.
This privacy policy describes how we might use your information if you:
Download and use our mobile application
Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
In this privacy policy, if we refer to:
“App,”
we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy, including any listed above
“Services,”
we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or events
The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
Please read this privacy policy carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us during your call with our customer care or while enquiring about our services.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information collected through our App
In Short: We do not collect any personal information about you when you use our app. However, our app requires your permission to access your geolocation, send you push notifications, and collect information about your mobile device.
Geolocation Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our App, to provide certain location-based services like when you enter into “TRIP MODE” and in order to calculate and display LIVE SPEED of your vehicle. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s storage, gps, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
2. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.
3. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 13 years of age. By using the App, you represent that you are at least 13 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the App. If we learn that personal information from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at admin@wilex.eu.
4. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom (UK), you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA and UK), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.
5. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the App, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the App. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the App, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a “resident” as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as “non-residents.”
If this definition of “resident” applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
A.  Identifiers Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address and account name:
NO
B.  Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history and financial information:
NO
C.  Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Gender and date of birth:
NO
D.  Commercial information Transaction information, purchase history, financial details and payment information:
NO
E.  Biometric information Fingerprints and voiceprints:
NO
F.  Internet or other similar network activity Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems and advertisements:
NO
G.  Geolocation data Device location:
NO
H.  Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities:
NO
I.  Professional or employment-related information Business contact details in order to provide you our services at a business level, job title as well as work history and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us:
NO
J.  Education Information Student records and directory information:
NO
K.  Inferences drawn from other personal information Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics:
NO
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories instances where you interact with us in-person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this privacy policy.
You may contact us by email at admin@wilex.eu, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be “selling” your personal data.
Wilex Trading KFt. has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months. Wilex Trading KFt. will not sell personal information in the future belonging to app users and other consumers.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to request deletion of the data – Request to delete
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Right to be informed – Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the categories of personal information that we collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g. phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other privacy rights
you may object to the processing of your personal data.
you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the data.
you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
you may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving a request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at admin@wilex.eu, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
6. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
7. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at admin@wilex.eu or by post to:
Wilex Trading KFt.
Etele út 59-61
Budapest 1119
Hungary
8. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please email us at: admin@wilex.eu.