Privacy Policy
We at
Faliane Ltd.
have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal
        information in connection with operating our business. This Privacy Policy describes the practices concerning the
        information collected by
Faliane Ltd.
"we", "us" and "our" through the use of our websites and mobile applications on
        which this Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and mobile applications and other online services we may provide on which
        this Privacy Policy is posted, and our collection of information from our corresponding social media features and pages
        (each a "Service" and collectively, the "Services"). In addition to describing how we collect, use,
        disclose and otherwise process personal information, this Privacy Policy explains the rights and choices available to
        individuals with respect to their personal information.
We may provide additional privacy notices to you at the time we collect your data. This type of an "in-time"
        notice will govern how we may process the information you provide at that time.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may obtain information about you in a variety of ways, including through your use of our Services, when you call,
        email or otherwise communicate with us (including through social media), or when you participate in events or other
        promotions.
The information that we collect, whether from you directly or automatically, may be considered personal information in
        certain jurisdictions or personal data under the European General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR").
        Whenever we refer to personal information in this Privacy Policy, it means personal information or personal data as
        defined by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
Categories of personal information we collect, which may vary based on the Service being used:
Category
Specific Examples
A. Internet or other similar network activity.
Information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. See Information
              collected by Automated Means below for further details.
B. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or
              tendencies.
C. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflect a person's preferences, characteristics, and behaviour.
Please note that when using certain Services, you may choose to input or provide access to certain physical or
        health-related information about yourself. Such information will be stored locally on your device and accessed only as
        described in the "Information collected from you" subsection below.
2. SOURCES OF INFORMATION AND PURPOSES OF USE
Some of this information you provide to us and some we collect when you use our Services. We also may obtain
        information about you (including personal information) from our business partners, such as vendors, and others.
You may choose not to provide some or all of your personal information to us but doing so may prevent us from
        providing our Services to you or limit our ability to provide you with the level of service that you would otherwise
        expect from us.
Information collected from you
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect directly from you:
Feedback
: From time to time, we may request your opinions, suggestions, or modification and improvement ideas
          ("Feedback") through surveys, or other similar requests. Any responses you provide are voluntary, however,
          you agree that any Feedback you provide shall be owned by
Faliane Ltd.
and may be used by
Faliane Ltd.
in our sole discretion.
Name
: We require your name to personalize your user experience.
Telephone number
: We may require your phone number for the technical provision of our Services to you.
Email address
: We use your email address to communicate with you about the products and Services we offer, responding to
          requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions and updating you with information about your account.
Username and/or PIN
: Certain of our Services use this information to facilitate your access to our website or mobile application and
          validate your login for your security.
Other User Information
: When using certain Services, you may choose to input or provide access to certain information about yourself, such
          as photographs, physical and health-related information, or other information to enhance your experience of the
          Services we provide. This information will be stored on your device and will not be transmitted to Conceptiv unless
          we notify you otherwise at the time of entering the information or granting access to the information.
Payment Information
: In the event, you purchase products or Services directly from us, we, or a third party on our behalf, may collect
          payment card and other payment information, solely as required to process payment for such purchase. If you pay for
          Services directly through our website, you authorize us to have our payment processor collect this information.
Photograph
: Photograph or photographs you may provide to the Services.
Information collected by automated means ("Automated Information")
We may collect Automated Information through the use of cookies, and other technologies. Please see our Cookies Policy
        for more information on cookies. In addition to cookies, such other technologies may include:
"Pixel tags" (also known as "clear GIFs" or "web beacons") which are tiny images (in
          most cases, typically just one-pixel) that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in
          order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who
          visit us online or verifying whether you've opened one of our emails or seen one of our Web pages.
"HTML5" (the language some websites, such as mobile websites, are coded in) may be used to store
          information on your computer or device about your website usage activities and to help determine how our Services are
          being used by our visitors, how the services can be improved and to customize our Services for our users.
The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf. You can find more
        information on our third-party service providers in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
Automated Information includes information such as:
IP address
Operating system used (for example: iOS)
Internal resolution of the browser window
Device type
Country code
Identifiers associated with technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC
          address)
Dates and times of access
IDFA
Subscription information
We or our third-party service provider may assign you a unique identifier through automated means in order to match
        information collected from you through different means or at different times, (including both personal information and
        Automated Information) and to use such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Automated Information is generally used for the following purposes:
for the technical provision of our Services in order to be able to provide you with a functioning user-friendly
          experience
to provide you with a secure experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile applications from
          cyber risks
to uncover insights about your use of our website and mobile applications in order to improve our Services and
          features, including developing new products and features
to facilitate your access to our website or mobile application
to customize our Services for you
to help us better understand our current and potential customers so that we may market our Services
          accordingly
events and usage data are captured for our internal business analytics in order to understand how our users interact
          with our mobile applications and use our services. For example, we may capture when a user visits a screen, taps a
          button, permits notifications, upgrades, or otherwise interacts with the app
Monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness of our communications (including by identifying when emails sent to you
          have been received and read)
Information collected from integrated services.
We may obtain information, including personal information from third parties and sources that we integrate into our
        Services either for the provision of our services or to facilitate your access to our Services such as described
        below.
You may be given the option to access or register for our services through the use of your third-party social media
        account, such as Facebook or Google. If you select this option, your social media provider may make some of your
        personal information available to us, such as your email address or other unique identifier or we may be asked to share
        certain information with such social media provider. If you choose to sign on through your third party social media
        provider, you authorize us to collect your information from such provider and process it in accordance with this
        Privacy Policy and you also authorize us to share your information with your social media provider as necessary to
        permit you to access our services using your social media account. We recommend that you review your social media
        provider's privacy policies carefully before using their service to connect to our Services.
3. HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the purposes described above, we may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, such as
        the following:
Performing Our Services
• maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, operation our
          website and mobile applications; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying user information,
          processing payments
• communicating about the products and Services we offer, and responding to requests,
          inquiries, comments, and suggestions
Internal Research
• understanding and evaluating how our Services and features perform with our users
•
          uncovering insights about usage in order to improve the Services and provide customers with enhanced features as well
          as inform our development of new features and products.
• development of customized or personalized
          experiences of our Services, such as remembering your information, so you do not have to re-enter it each time you
          use one of our Services
Auditing Interactions with Consumers
• measuring usage of our websites and mobile applications
•
          measuring our advertising and marketing activity (e.g., measuring how a user was acquired)
Security
• to provide you with a secure experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile
          applications from cyber risks
• protecting against, identifying, investigating, preventing, and responding
          to fraud, illegal activity (such as incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile applications), and
          claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern the Services we
          provide
Debugging/Repair
• identification and repair of impairments to intended, existing functionality of our
          Services
Marketing
• understanding our customer in order to more effectively market our Services
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification
• activities related to improving the quality of the
          Services we provide, including upgrade or enhancement of the Services
• verification or maintenance of the
          quality or safety of Services
• tracking and responding to quality and safety matters
•
          protecting our rights and property
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements, judicial process, industry standards and our company policies
Other purposes that may be described at the time you choose to provide personal information to us
To perform the above functions, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different
        times, including both personal information and Automated Information, and use such information along with information
        obtained from other sources. We may also aggregate and/or de-identify any information that we collect, such that the
        information no longer identifies any specific individual. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information
        for our own legitimate business purposes – including historical and statistical analysis and business planning
        – without restriction.
4. HOW WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WITH OTHERS
We may share information about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or pursuant to a specific
        "in-time" privacy notice we may provide at the time we collect the information.
Third Party Service Providers
We may share information about you with the following categories of third-party providers for a variety of business
        purposes:
Customer Communications and Insights Platforms.
We may share phone number, email, app usage and interactions with our third-party customer communications
          platform provider for the following business purposes: performing services that allow us to communicate with you and
          administer your account as well as track your usage for our internal analytics.
Internal Business Insights Platforms.
Our third-party internal business analytics platform provides us with the tools to help us understand app
          usage and interactions and uncover insights that allow us to improve our product and features. We may share or make
          available unique user identifiers, IDFA, device ID, IP address and app usage and events (such as when you subscribed
          to our services) with these providers for the following business purposes: performing services that allow us to (i)
          monitor and understand usage in order to enhance existing Services or develop new products and features and (ii)
          better understand our customers in order to market our products more effectively.
Customer Support
– When you contact us through our one of our support emails indicated in the "How to Contact
          Us" section at the bottom of this Privacy Policy, your email may be directed through our third party customer
          support platform which will have access to your personal information, the content of your email as well as date and
          time your request came into our system. We use this provider to allow us to communicate with you about your account
          and to receive reports from users about the quality or safety of our products.
Measurement and Attribution.
These service providers offer tools that allow us to measure and attribute the source of new subscription sign
          ups and that allow us to uncover insights about usage and app events. We may use unique user identifiers made
          available to us from these third-party providers to help us measure the effectiveness of our ads (e.g., where and how
          a user is acquired) and to uncover information about how our customers are using our apps in order to improve their
          quality and safety. We may also share and/or store unique user identifiers, device IDs, IDFA or IP addresses with
          these providers for the same purpose.
Other technology providers necessary to provide our services
(including cloud storage and web hosting providers). We may make certain Automated Information and/or
          aggregate or non-personally identifiable information available for various purposes including monitoring network
          traffic to detect malicious actors and to protect against malware, fraud or other unlawful uses or activity.
Payment Processors.
If you purchase our services outside of the Apple or Google stores, we will process your payment through our
          third-party provider. When you pay in this manner, you authorize and direct us to process your payment through our
          payment processor. An example of this is our payment partner, Braintree (https://www.braintreepayments.com/). Please
          note we will share certain information such as your email address with our payment processor to facilitate the
          provision of receipts to you from the payment processor and to address any issues that may arise with your
          payment.
Marketing providers.
We, or the third-party service providers we use to assist us with marketing our own products to you, may use
          the information we collect from you to provide advertisements and offers for our other products. Additionally, we may
          share certain information with Facebook that allows us to create Custom or Lookalike Audiences. You may learn more
          about Facebook Lookalike Audiences click
here
and about your off-Facebook activity and how to opt out of having such activity sent to Facebook click
here
. We encourage you to review Facebook's Privacy Policy
here
. Additionally, if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, event, offering or other
          promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties. By entering such contest or sweepstakes,
          you authorize and direct us to share your information with our co-sponsor. We may also share your information with a
          third-party service provider who administers the promotion, contest and/or sweepstakes. We may also share aggregate
          information to third party providers and platforms that help us understand our user demographic, including user
          demographic interests, habits and usage patterns for certain of our Services so that we may market our products more
          effectively.
Corporate Transactions
We may share information about you in connection with (including during the evaluation or negotiation of) a corporate
        change or dissolution, including for example a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy,
        liquidation, sale of assets or wind-down of a business (each a "Corporate Transaction"). Unless prohibited by
        applicable law, we reserve the right to transfer the information we maintain in the event we engage in any Corporate
        Transaction (including, selling or transferring all or a portion of our business or assets). If we engage in such a
        sale or transfer, we will, where feasible - direct the recipient to use the information in a manner that is consistent
        with this Privacy Policy. After such a sale or transfer, you may contact the recipient with any inquiries concerning
        the processing of your personal information.
Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Similar reasons.
In addition, we may disclose and/or share your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements (including
        to comply with a court order, judicial subpoena or other subpoena or warrant), industry standards, judicial process,
        and our company policies, as well as to protect against, identify, investigate, prevent and respond to fraud, illegal
        activity (such as identifying and responding to incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile
        applications), adverse event reporting, and claims and other liabilities.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information (i) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is
        appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability, (ii) to protect our rights or property or the legal and
        property rights of others and (iii) investigate and defend third party claims or allegations against us.
In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your personal information as required or permitted by applicable law, or
        as directed by you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates.
        Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users
        intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no
        industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, our sites do not
        currently process or respond to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a final
        standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Certain third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect
        information about your online activities over time and across websites. These third parties may not change their
        tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT
        settings. Information about how to opt out from your data being used by third parties can be found above under
        "Information collected by automated means."
6. SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google,
        LinkedIn, Twitter, Snap, TikTok and Pinterest. We may incorporate some third-party social networking features into our
        Services (including, allowing users to interact with others and share certain content and information on social media
        platforms) or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Services or portions thereof. Through
        these platforms and features, we receive or may share information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that
        information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social media or blogging platforms we utilize have
        their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your
        information (e.g., if you establish an account with such platform providers directly). By using social features, you
        agree to those third parties' privacy policies and terms of use.
If you choose to communicate with us or another user through social features available on our websites or mobile
        applications or through our social media pages, or other similar communication or messaging features or services, such
        information may be made publicly available.
For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive
        information via these features.
We have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications between and among users for
        security and training purposes. We may, but are not obligated to, remove any content we deem inappropriate.
7. INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA)
Your Choices and Rights.
As a resident of the EEA, you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal
        information:
Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information
          or to limit our use of it;
Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have
          your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor such requests unless we have to retain
          this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it;
Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a
          transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider); and
Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time.
          You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you are a resident of the EEA and you wish to access, change or delete personal information we hold about you,
          you may contact us here. If we change or delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain
          personal information with us, we may not be able to provide you with our Services or some of the features and
          functionality of our Services. Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is
          unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example, we may not be able to
          accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would
          not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
For your protection, we may require proof of identity and verification before we can answer the above
          requests.
Legal basis for processing data
In this section, we identify the legal grounds on which we rely to process personal information.
In some cases, we have a legitimate interest to process the personal information that we collect, such as to develop,
        administer and support our products and services; to operate, evaluate and improve our business; to facilitate and
        manage engagement programs; to promote research; to support our recruitment activities; or to facilitate a Corporate
        Transaction (including a sale of assets or merger or acquisition).
In other cases, we process personal information to fulfill our contracts with business partners, such as third parties
        that distribute our products.
It may also be necessary for us to process personal information to establish, exercise or defend against fraud,
        illegal activity, and claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern the
        services we provide.
Our processing of certain information may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, and for reasons of public
        interest, such as with respect to adverse event and product safety reporting.
We may also process personal information as specifically permitted by applicable legal requirements.
If we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, we will seek such consent at the time we
        collect your personal information.
International data transfers
We may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally
        collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. For example, if you are located outside of the United
        States, we may transfer your personal information to the United States. The countries to which we transfer personal
        information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
        When we transfer personal information across borders, we consider a variety of requirements that may apply to such
        transfers.
Specifically, we may transfer personal information from the European Economic Area to:
Countries that the European Commissions has deemed to adequately safeguard personal information,
Pursuant to the recipient's compliance with standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), EU-US
          Privacy Shield, or Binding Corporate Rules,
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains, or
As otherwise permitted by applicable EEA requirements.
8. INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") may provide you with rights
        that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our use of your personal
        information. The CCPA Notice applies to "Consumers" as defined by the law. This section describes your CCPA
        rights as a California Consumer and explains how to exercise those rights. See Sections 1 - 4 above to learn what
        information we collect from you and how it is collected, used and shared.
Access to Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to send us a request, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, for any of the following for the
        period that is twelve months prior to the request date:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected your personal information.
The business or commercial purposes for our collecting or selling your personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we have shared your personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
A list of the categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no
          disclosure occurred.
A list of the categories of personal information sold about you in the prior 12 months, or that no sale occurred. If
          we sold your personal information, we will explain:
• the categories of your personal information we have
          sold.
• the categories of third parties to which we sold personal information, by categories of personal
          information sold for each third party.
You have the right to make or obtain a transportable copy, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, of your
        personal information that we have collected in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date and are
        maintaining.
Data Deletion Rights
Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may request that we delete your personal
        information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required to delete
        your personal information that we did not collect directly from you.
Exercising Your Rights
To make a request for access, portability or deletion according to your rights under CCPA, mail your request for the
        attention of the Privacy / Legal Department to support@ai-video-generation.app
.
The Verifiable Consumer Request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected
          personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to
          it.
Some personal information we maintain about Consumers is not sufficiently associated with enough personal information
        about the Consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer's personal information (e.g.,
        clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). As required by the CCPA, we do not include that personal
        information in response to Verifiable Consumer Requests. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the
        reasons in our response.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer personal information that we collect, process,
        store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. We will
        typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests, but we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon
        a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome.
Opt-Out
There is not yet a consensus as to whether third party cookies and tracking devices associated with our websites and
        mobile apps may constitute a "sale" of your PI as defined by the CCPA. To make a request to opt-out of sale
        under CCPA, send mail to support@ai-video-generation.app
.
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights.
        However, we may charge a different price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the
        extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data. In addition, we may offer you financial
        incentives for the collection, sale and retention and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that
        can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any
        financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. We may add or change incentive programs
        and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above so check them
        regularly.
9. ONLINE PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Access, Edit and Delete Your Information.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, your rights to access, edit and delete your information can be
        found in the "Information for Individuals in the European Economic Area" section of this Privacy Policy. If
        you are a California resident, your rights to access, edit and delete can be found in the "Information for
        Residents of California" section of this Privacy Policy.
If you are not a resident of the EEA or California, depending on your location, you may be able make requests to
        access, correct and/or delete certain personal information that you provide to
Faliane Ltd.
For your protection, we may require proof and verification of identity and jurisdiction of residency before we
        can answer the above requests. If you wish to make such a request, you may contact us at the applicable mobile
        application support email indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy. If we change
        or delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain personal information with us, we may
        not be able to provide to you our services or some of the features and functionality of our services. Once we have
        verified that you own the account, we will honor such requests at our discretion and in accordance with applicable
        law.
Device permissions
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as camera and
        microphone as well as push notifications. Where applicable, you can change your settings on your device to either
        consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of
        course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Uninstall
You can stop all information collection by the app by disabling call forwarding and deactivating your account by
        following the instructions on the Service's Settings screen and then uninstalling the app using the standard
        uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated
        with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be
        able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Location information
If you choose to opt-in, some of our apps may collect your device's precise real-time location, and in such cases,
        you may be able to opt out from further allowing us to have access to such location data by managing your location
        preferences in the app and/or on your device.
Marketing Opt-Outs
You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and
        Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and third parties may participate in the Digital
        Advertising Alliance's ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more
        about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, including use of Cross-device Data for
        serving ads, visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for information on the DAA's opt-out program specifically for mobile apps (including use of precise location
        for third party ads). Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative
        ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may
        continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver
        certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads
        (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out
        webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based
        method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be
        effective.
10. DATA RETENTION
Except as provided below, we may retain your personal information for the longer of three (3) years after we become
        aware that you have ceased using our services or for so long as necessary to fulfill any contractual obligation
        governing the information or our legal and regulatory obligations. However, we may not know if you have stopped using
        our services, so we encourage you to contact us at the appropriate support email in the "How to Contact Us"
        section of this Privacy Policy if you are no longer using the services. We may retain other information that is not
        personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise
        reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
11. HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information collected through our
        Services. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from
        interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise, and you provide information
        to us at your own risk.
If you correspond with us by email, text message or using Web forms like a "contact us" feature available
        through our Services, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized
        parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties
        during or after transmission. If you create an account as part of using our Services, you are responsible for
        maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your
account
. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
If we believe that the security of your personal information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to
        notify you. If we have your email address, we may notify you by email to the most recent email address you have
        provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address in your account up to date. You can change that
        email address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a copy of
        it. To receive these notices, you must check your email account using your computer or mobile device and email
        application software. We may also post a conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application.
        You consent to our use of email, text message and/or notification through the app as a means of such notification. If
        you prefer for us to use the postal service to notify you in this situation, please let us know by submitting your
        request here. You can make this election any time, and it will apply to notifications we make after a reasonable time
        thereafter for us to process your request. You may also use this email address to request a print copy, at no charge,
        of an electronic notice we have sent to you regarding a compromise of your personal information.
12. LINKS TO WEBSITES AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned
        or operated by us. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies.
        We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to
        review the privacy policies of such third parties before providing them with any personal information.
13. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 years old (or older if required in an
        applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). If you are not over 16 years old (or older if required in an
        applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws) then
DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES
. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 16 years old, please
        contact us here. Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 16 that's reported
        to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your
        account.
14. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post
        changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date of this Privacy Policy. Continued use of the Services after
        such date constitutes acceptance of such updates. When required by applicable law, we may inform you by additional
        means, such as through a notification on the website or in our mobile applications if we make material changes to how
        your personal information is collected, accessed or otherwise used as a result of your use of the Services or if your
        rights under this Privacy Policy are materially impacted by changes to our privacy practices. We recommend that you
        check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy.
15. HOW TO CONTACT US
You may contact us with questions, comments, or concerns about our services and this Privacy Policy or our privacy
        practices, or to request access to or correction of your information by submitting your requests or inquiries as
        detailed below: support@ai-video-generation.app
.
© 2024,
Faliane Ltd.
All rights reserved.