Collect Share
AdMob Data Disclosure
Data Safety
JavaScript Editor - Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
In this section we'll present the types of information we collect, as well as the reason for collecting it.
Location
The app uses
Google Mobile Ads
        SDK
for displaying advertisements. The SDK collects device's IP address,
        which may be used to estimate the general location (approximate location) of the device.
        The information is used for advertising, analytics, and fraud prevention purposes.
Financial Information
The app accesses information about the purchase history (the list of items that the user has purchased from this
        specific app). The information might be transmitted off the user's device in order to validate the purchase
        status and allow access to some of the Premium features that the app provides. This information is processed
        ephemerally, meaning that the data
        is only stored in memory, retained for no longer than necessary to service the specific request in real-time,
        and not used for any other purpose.
App Activity
Google Mobile Ads SDK collects user product interactions and interaction information, including app launch,
        taps, and video views. The information is used for advertising, analytics, and fraud prevention purposes.
Diagnostic Information
Information related to the performance of the app, including crash logs, the number of times the app has
        crashed, stack traces, or other information directly related to a crash, app launch time, hang rate, energy
        usage, framerate, or any technical diagnostics are collected in order to improve the app. This information is not
        linked to a specific user.
Device and Account Identifiers
Starting version 1.28, JavaScript Editor prevents the collection of add IDs used for uniquely identifying users
        for advertisement purposes.
If you're using an older version you can disable the ID by following the instructions listed
here
,
        however we suggest that it's better to update the app.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, or the application, you can contact us at
pigmentsapp@gmail.com
.
Effective January 1, 2022