Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 29th, 2024.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Buy Moonshots, Inc. ("Moonshot," "we", "us" or "our") and how we handle personal information that we collect through our digital properties that link to this Privacy Policy, including our website as well as through social media, our marketing activities, webinars, conferences and other activities described in this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Service").
Personal information we collect
Information you provide to us.
Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:
Communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us with questions or feedback, post to our communications boards, through social media (including Discord) or otherwise.
Other data not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Third-party sources.
We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources. For example, we may obtain your personal information from third parties such as publicly-available sources and data providers.
Automatic data collection.
Our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications and other online services, such as:
Device data,
such as your computer's or mobile device's operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., WiFi, LTE, 3G), and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
Online activity data,
such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery.
We use your personal information to:
provide, operate and improve the Service and our business;
communicate with you about the Service, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications; and
provide support for the Service, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.
Research and development.
We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
Compliance and protection.
We may use your personal information to:
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
protect our, your or others' rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
Service providers.
Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, marketing, and website analytics). As examples, we may use Google Analytics and Amplitude to collect and process analytics information on our Services.
Blockchain.
Given that the blockchain is a public record, the transaction records associated with any transactions you make using the Service will be publicly available on the blockchain.
Authorities and others.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees.
Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in Moonshot (including, in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Your choices
You have the following choices with respect to your personal information.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Declining to provide information.
We aim to collect as little personal information as possible to provide the Service. We will inform you at the time of collection what information is necessary for us to provide the Service. We may, however, be unable to provide other services, such as customer support, without personal information.
Other sites and services
The Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites, mobile applications or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions.
Security
We employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. We attempt to collect as little personal information as possible to provide the Service. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International data transfer
We are headquartered in the United States and may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
Children
The Service is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Service from a child under 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to us via email at support@moonshot.money. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in your request and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service. If required by law we will also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via email or another manner through the Service. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your use of the Service after the effective date of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
Email: support@moonshot.money