VaultCord
Features
Resources
Premium
Login
Last updated March 31, 2024
Privacy Policy
Members can OPT-OUT of personal information collecting when verifying by visiting
dash.vaultcord.com/opt-out
This privacy notice for Nelson Cybersecurity LLC ( "
we
," "
us
," or "
our
" ), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ( "
process
" ) your information when you use our services ( "
Services
" ), such as when you:
Visit our website at
https://vaultcord.com
, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
abuse@vaultcord.com
.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our
table of contents
below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about
personal information you disclose to us
.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we receive any information from third parties?
We may receive information from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources. Learn more about
information collected from other sources
.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about
how we process your information
.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about
when and with whom we share your personal information
.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more about
how we keep your information safe
.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about
your privacy rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by visiting
https://dash.vaultcord.com/delete-account
, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect?
Review the privacy notice in full
.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services,  express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
email addresses
discord api credentials from our clients
discord server data if our client utilizes our backups feature, such as client's discord server name, channel names, and discord messages in the server the client opted to backup.
Sensitive Information.
We do not process sensitive information.
Payment Data.
We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number, and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Stripe , Paddle and Sellix . You may find their privacy notice link(s) here:
https://stripe.com/privacy
,
https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy
and
https://help.sellix.io/en/articles/4534109-privacy-and-cookie-policy
.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services  (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps" ), and hardware settings).
Information collected from other sources
In Short:
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers,   and from other third parties. This information includes mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs, and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.
We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may process your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.
To send administrative information to you.
We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
To protect our Services.
We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.
To identify usage trends.
We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them.
To save or protect an individual's vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e. , legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. , consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about
withdrawing your consent
.
Performance of a Contract.
We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:
Analyze how our Services are used so we can improve them to engage and retain users
Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e. , express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e. , implied consent). You can
withdraw your consent
at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
For business transactions provided certain conditions are met
If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents ( "
third parties
" ) who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:
Cloud Computing Services
Cloudflare Workers
Functionality and Infrastructure Optimization
Cloudflare
Invoice and Billing
Stripe
Web and Mobile Analytics
Cloudflare Snippets
We also may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice .
6. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in the United States , Canada ,Russia,Ukraine,Belarus,Cyprus,Czech Republic,Iceland,Bulgaria,Estonia,Austria,Lithuania,Poland,Croatia ,Brazil,Saudi Arabia,Qatar,United Arab Emirates,Israel,Kuwait,Bahrain,Oman,Palestinian Territories,Ghana,Algeria,Madagascar,South Africa,Morocco,Senegal,Tanzania,Djibouti,Botswana,Zimbabwe,Rwanda,Nigeria,Angola,Mozambique,Kenya,Liberia,Mauritius,Tunisia,India,Kazakhstan,
Azerbaijan,Brunei,Thailand,Slovakia,Philippines,Bangladesh,Sri Lanka,Japan,Vietnam,Hong Kong,Pakistan,Indonesia,Malaysia,Nepal,Macau,Maldives,Myanmar ,Cambodia,South Korea,Singapore,Taiwan,Uzbekistan,Georgia,Bhutan,Mongolia ,Laos,Armenia,Benin,China,Australia, and New Zealand. If you are accessing our Services from outside the United States,Canada,Russia,Ukraine,Belarus,Cyprus,Czech Republic,Iceland,BulgariaEstoniaAustriaLithuania
PolandCroatia BrazilSaudi ArabiaQatarUnited Arab EmiratesIsraelKuwaitBahrainOmanPalestinian TerritoriesGhanaAlgeriaMadagascarSouth AfricaMoroccoSenegalTanzaniaDjiboutiBotswanaZimbabweRwandaNigeriaAngolaMozambiqueKenyaLiberiaMauritiusTunisiaIndiaKazakhstan
AzerbaijanBruneiThailandSlovakiaPhilippinesBangladeshSri LankaJapanVietnamHong KongPakistanIndonesiaMalaysiaNepalMacauMaldivesMyanmar CambodiaSouth KoreaSingaporeTaiwanUzbekistanGeorgiaBhutanMongolia LaosArmeniaBeninChinaAustralia New Zealand United States,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, and, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?" above), inthe and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), or Switzerland, then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. However, we will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law.
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses:
We have implemented measures to protect your personal information, including by using the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers. These clauses require all recipients to protect all personal information that they process originating from the EEA or UK in accordance with European data protection laws and regulations.   Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request.   We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us .
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
abuse@vaultcord.com
.
10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, Switzerland, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (vi) if applicable, to data portability; and (vii) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
" below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your
Member State data protection authority
or
UK data protection authority
.
If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
" below.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Enter email address at
https://dash.vaultcord.com/delete-account
, then click link sent to email and data will be instantly and permanently wiped from the live database.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at
abuse@vaultcord.com
.
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
12. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
If you are a resident of California, Colorado or Virginia, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name
YES
B. Personal information as defined in the California Customer Records statute
Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information
C. Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law
Gender and date of birth
NO
D. Commercial information
Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information
NO
E. Biometric information
Fingerprints and voiceprints
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements
NO
G. Geolocation data
Device location
NO
H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information
Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us
NO
J. Education Information
Student records and directory information
NO
K. Inferences drawn from collected personal information
Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
NO
L. Sensitive personal Information
NO
We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services or for:
Category B - Those details aren't collected in the first place.
Category G - As long as the user has an account with us
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
Learn about how we use your personal information in the section, "
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
"
We collect and share your personal information through:
Targeting cookies/Marketing cookies
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Learn more about how we disclose personal information to in the section, "
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
"
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information.
We have not sold or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months:
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be found under "
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
"
California Residents
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
This section applies only to California residents. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you have the rights listed below.
The California Code of Regulations defines a "residents" as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as "non-residents."
If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to request deletion of the data — Request to delete
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Right to be informed — Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the categories of personal information that we collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell or share personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
We do not process consumer's sensitive personal information.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of your personal information.
You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information.
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
You may request to opt out from future selling or sharing of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by visiting
https://dash.vaultcord.com/delete-account
, by email at
abuse@vaultcord.com
, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
Colorado Residents
This section applies only to Colorado residents. Under the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")
To submit a request to exercise these rights described above, please email
abuse@vaultcord.com
or visit
https://dash.vaultcord.com/delete-account
.
If we decline to take action regarding your request and you wish to appeal our decision, please email us at
abuse@vaultcord.com
. Within forty-five (45) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
Connecticut Residents
This section applies only to Connecticut residents. Under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CTDPA), you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")
To submit a request to exercise these rights described above, please email
abuse@vaultcord.com
or visit
https://dash.vaultcord.com/delete-account
.
If we decline to take action regarding your request and you wish to appeal our decision, please email us at
abuse@vaultcord.com
. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
Virginia Residents
Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA):
"Consumer" means a natural person who is a resident of the Commonwealth acting only in an individual or household context. It does not include a natural person acting in a commercial or employment context.
"Personal data" means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person. "Personal data" does not include de-identified data or publicly available information.
"Sale of personal data" means the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration.
If this definition of "consumer" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal data.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")
Exercise your rights provided under the Virginia VCDPA
You may contact us by email at
abuse@vaultcord.com
or visit
https://dash.vaultcord.com/delete-account
.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your rights, we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
Verification process
We may request that you provide additional information reasonably necessary to verify you and your consumer's request. If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your request.
Upon receiving your request, we will respond without undue delay, but in all cases, within forty-five (45) days of receipt. The response period may be extended once by forty-five (45) additional days when reasonably necessary. We will inform you of any such extension within the initial 45-day response period, together with the reason for the extension.
Right to appeal
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of our decision and reasoning behind it. If you wish to appeal our decision, please email us at
abuse@vaultcord.com
. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the
Attorney General to submit a complaint
.
13. DO OTHER REGIONS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
You may have additional rights based on the country you reside in.
Australia
and
New Zealand
We collect and process your personal information under the obligations and conditions set by Australia's Privacy Act 1988 and New Zealand's Privacy Act 2020 (Privacy Act).
This privacy notice satisfies the notice requirements defined in both Privacy Acts, in particular: what personal information we collect from you, from which sources, for which purposes, and other recipients of your personal information.
If you do not wish to provide the personal information necessary to fulfill their applicable purpose, it may affect our ability to provide our services, in particular:
offer you the products or services that you want
respond to or help with your requests
manage your account with us
confirm your identity and protect your account
At any time, you have the right to request access to or correction of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
"
If you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you have the right to submit a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles to the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
and a breach of New Zealand's Privacy Principles to the
Office of New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
.
Republic of South Africa
At any time, you have the right to request access to or correction of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
"
If you are unsatisfied with the manner in which we address any complaint with regard to our processing of personal information, you can contact the office of the regulator, the details of which are:
The Information Regulator (South Africa)
General enquiries:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
Complaints (complete POPIA/PAIA form 5):
PAIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
&
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), William Nelson, by email at
abuse@vaultcord.com
, or contact us by post at:
Nelson Cybersecurity LLC
William Nelson
1317 Edgewater Dr #6111
Orlando, FL32804
United States
16. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please email
abuse@vaultcord.com
.
Let VaultCord take care of your Server
Join over
19.000.000
members on VaultCord
Get started for FREE
VaultCord
Backup server, members, channels, messages & more. Custom verify page, block alt accounts, VPNs & more.
English
Website Pages
Dashboard
Docs
Premium
NEW
Commands
Other Links
Twitter
Discord
YouTube
Elitepvpers
Rules
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
© 2025 All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stripe.com/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy:
Webinar
Data to dollars: Finding hidden growth in your subscription data
Save your seat
Policy
Privacy policy
A. This Policy
Summary
: This Policy explains how we Process Personal Data. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Policy is issued by Paddle which is made up of each of the Controller entities that are listed in Section (U) below (together, “Paddle”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact in our course of business as a Merchant of Record, including customers, visitors to our Sites, other users of our products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment, and visitors to our premises (together, “you”). Please note that not all provisions of this Policy will apply to you and your Personal Data, as this will depend on your specific relationship with Paddle.
Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (V) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
This Policy was last updated on
30 June 2023.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects of the EEA are explained in Section (M) below. Similarly, Residents of certain US states, including California and Virginia, may find information on their rights as a Consumer in Sections (R), (S) and (T)  below.
B. Collection of Personal Data
Summary
: We collect or obtain Personal Data: when that data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you appoint us as your Merchant of Record or if you make a purchase from Paddle); when you make Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, products, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site; we may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us: We obtain Personal Data when such data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or via our Sites, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application).
Data we obtain in person: We obtain Personal Data during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, in person interviews or at events we attend.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Data when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g. we provide a service to you, or to your employer).
Data you make public: We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g. we may collect information from your social media profile(s) or if you make a public post about us).
Site data: We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, products, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we may receive Personal Data from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g. credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
C. Creation of Personal Data
Summary:
We create Personal Data about you (e.g., records of your interactions with us).
We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your past interactions with us. We may also combine Personal Data from any of our Sites, products, or services, including where that data is collected from different sources.
D. Categories of Personal Data we Process
Summary
: We Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g. your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g. billing address); information about your interaction with our Sites (e.g. the type of device you are using); details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; telephone number; email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Expertise: records of your expertise; professional history; practising details and qualification details; information about your experience; participation in meetings; seminars; advisory boards and conferences; information about your professional relationship with other individuals or institutions; language abilities and other professional skills.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time; means of consent and any related information (e.g. the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address;
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; cardholder or account holder name; card payment identifiers; payment amount; and payment date.
Data relating to your use of our Sites: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; username; password; security login details; and usage data.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party, the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
E. Sensitive Personal Data
Summary
: We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business as a Merchant of Record. Where we need to Process Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
Where it becomes necessary to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (e.g., the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the Processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
F. Purposes of Processing and Legal Bases for Processing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data for the following purposes: providing our Sites, products, and services to you; compliance checks; operating our business; communicating with you; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; improving our Sites, products, and services; fraud prevention; establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims; and recruitment and job applications.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows:
Provision of Sites, products, and services:
providing our Sites, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, products, or services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, products, or services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way)
Compliance checks:
fulfilling our regulatory compliance obligations; ‘Know Your Client’ checks; and confirming and verifying your identity; use of credit reference agencies; and screening against government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists and other legal restrictions.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of fulfilling our regulatory and compliance obligations (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business:
operating and managing our Sites, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our products, or our services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing:
communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) to provide news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; personalising our Sites, products and services for you; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required; enabling and recording your choice to opt-out or unsubscribe, where applicable.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Management of IT systems:
management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety:
health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring a safe environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management
: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys:
engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security:
physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations:
detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal compliance:
compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, products, and services:
identifying issues with our Sites, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention:
Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims:
management of legal claims; establishment of facts and claims, including collection, review and production of documents, facts, evidence and witness statements; exercise and defence of legal rights and claims, including formal legal proceedings.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Recruitment and job applications:
recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
G. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Summary
: We disclose Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business or successor in title to our obligations under a contract; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites.
We disclose Personal Data to other entities within the Paddle group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, products, or services to you, in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we disclose Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (G);
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and with applicable jurisdiction;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
any alternative payment provider or reseller appointed by the Supplier or other third party acquirer(s) or successor(s) in title, including but not limited to in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in
the event of a reorganisation, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
Suppliers to the extent necessary to provide a product requested by you.
any other relevant third party outsourced service providers, where our Sites use third parties to perform certain functions otherwise performed by Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law, including the provisions at Section (H) below, with respect to international transfers.
H. International Transfer of Personal Data
Summary:
We transfer Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the UK/EEA to a recipient outside the UK/EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and in the presence of appropriate safeguards.
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Paddle group, and to third parties as noted in Section (G) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
If an exemption or derogation applies (e.g., where a transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim) we may rely on that exemption or derogation, as appropriate. Where no exemption or derogation applies, and we transfer your Personal Data from the UK/EEA to recipients located outside the UK/EEA who are not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and the presence of appropriate safeguards. Please contact the privacy team at
privacy@paddle.com
below if you wish to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Paddle entity established outside the UK/EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
I. Data Security
Summary
: We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorised or unlawful Processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Insofar as you are able, please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, from the point of collection to the point of destruction, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
J. Data Accuracy
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to-date and is erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up-to-date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which it was Processed) is erased or rectified without delay;
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
K. Data Minimisation
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process is limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
L. Data Retention
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only retained for as long as it is needed in connection with its lawful purpose.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
1. We will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data)
Plus:
2. The duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim),
And:
3. In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods noted above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymise the relevant Personal Data.
M. Your Legal Rights
Summary
: Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. In some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we will be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, products, or services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of that Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification (or correction) of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds: erasure of your Relevant Personal Data or restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority (in particular, the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred, each if applicable).
Subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the GDPR;
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes; and
opt you out of the automated processing of your Personal Data in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, you may submit your request via
https://preferences.paddle.com/privacy
.
Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights;
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take; and
certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. You can contact us as set forth above to appeal such decision.
N. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Summary
: We Process Personal Data by using Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
When you visit a Site we will typically place Cookies onto your device, or read Cookies already on your device, subject always  to obtaining your consent, where required, in accordance with applicable law. We use Cookies to record information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We Process Personal Data through Cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
O. Terms of Use
Summary
: All Suppliers are subject to Terms of Use that govern all use of our Site.
All use of our Merchant of Record services is subject to each Supplier’s Terms of Use. We recommend that you review your applicable Terms of Use to ensure that you are aware of your obligations and where applicable, regularly in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
P. Terms of Sale
Summary
: Our Buyer Terms and Conditions govern the sale of all Products by Paddle.
All sales of Products are subject to our
Buyer Terms and Conditions
. We recommend that you review these regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
Q. Direct Marketing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data to contact you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We Process Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. We also Process Personal Data for the purposes of displaying content tailored to your use of our Sites, products, or services. If we provide Sites, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our Sites, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
You may change your preferences, or unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication and updating your communication preferences. Please note that it may take up to a month to process your unsubscribe request during which time you may continue to receive communications from us. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, products, or services you have requested (for example, we may send you emails about your Paddle projects or our ongoing business relationship). R. California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
R. California Disclosures
Summary
: Under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended (“CCPA”), we must disclose our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information of California Residents (“Consumers”). Consumers are also afforded additional rights with regard to the Personal Information that we collect about them that include the rights of access, deletion, and to be free from discrimination. This section of our Privacy Policy includes the disclosures required by the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information:
We have collected and will collect the following general categories of Personal Information about Consumers, relative to your relationship with Paddle:
Personal identifiers, such as names, aliases, postal addresses, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, internet protocol addresses, email addresses, account names, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and passport numbers,
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) including names, addresses, telephone numbers, credit and debit card identifiers;
Protected classifications, including sex, age, and national origin;
Commercial information, including products or Services you have purchased, and your purchasing history;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, visual or similar information;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile (e.g. behaviour).
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
Use of Personal Information
We may use the categories of Personal Information described above for the following business or commercial purposes:
Advancing our commercial or economic business interests through our services and products to our Suppliers and customers;
Maintaining and servicing Supplier accounts;
Auditing Supplier activity on our Sites;
Processing or fulfilling orders and transactions;
Processing, managing, and accounting for transactions;
Providing customer support and support to Suppliers;
Verifying customer and Supplier information;
For short term, transient uses (such as contextual advertising);
To understand and enhance your experience on our Sites or with our services by utilising analytic services;
Advertising our services;
Linking or combining it with information received from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with an enhanced service;
Performing internal research for technological development;
Ensuring and improving the quality and safety of our services and products;
Debugging to address impairments to operational functionality;
Detecting security incidents;
Complying with applicable law and law enforcement requirements;
Protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and assisting in the prosecution of those responsible for such activities; and
Defending against or bringing legal action, claims and other liabilities.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect or obtain Personal Information about you from the following sources:
You: We obtain Personal Information when you provide it to us (e.g., where you create an account, purchase products, participate in research, where you contact us via email or telephone, provide us information during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, or at events we attend, or by any other means, or when you submit a job application), and when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Information when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Public sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Information when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites or services.
Third Party content and advertising partners: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we receive Personal Information from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Other third party sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
Disclosures of Personal Information
We do not Sell any Personal Information to third parties. In particular, we do not Sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients.
The following is the categories of recipients to which we disclose information and the categories of Personal Information disclosed:
To:
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial Information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data;
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile
Accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Protected classifications (if provided);
Commercial information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Third-party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted in Section (G);
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content;
Personal identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Retention
We determine the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
The status of our ongoing relationship with you (e.g. where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
If your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g. where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data).
Plus, the duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e. any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim).
And:
In addition, if any relevant legal claim are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
S. Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
Summary
: Subject to the CCPA, you may have a number of rights, including: the right to know about your Personal Information, right to request the deletion of your Personal Information, the right to opt out of a Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information, the right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information, the right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information and the right to non-discrimination when you exercise your rights under the CCPA
You may make a request to exercise a right as set forth above. Generally, in order to verify your request, we will compare the Personal Information we already hold about you to the Personal Information we will request in the course of processing your request. The Personal Information required for verification may include your name and email address, or further information if we reasonably believe it is necessary to verify you. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please follow the instructions described in this section.
Right to Know About Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we disclose the following information, in a readily useable format, covering the 12 month period preceding the request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The purposes for which the categories of Personal Information collected about you will be used.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
. Consumers have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from them. Your request may be subject to certain exemptions under applicable laws.
We may keep a record of deletion requests solely as a record of compliance.
Right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any inaccurate Personal Information.
Right to opt out of a Sale or the Sharing of your Personal Information.
Please note that Paddle does not Sell or Share your information within the meaning of the California Privacy Acts.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to direct a business to limit its use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Please note that Paddle will only collect and use Sensitive Personal Information where it is absolutely required to do so in the course of its relationship with you and all information collected is subjected to record retention timeframes based on law and industry standards.
Requests to know, correct, or delete data may be submitted via
preferences.paddle.com/privacy
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Consumers have the right to be free from discrimination as set forth in the CCPA when they exercise their Consumer rights under the CCPA.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
We do not offer financial incentives or a price or service difference to incentivise consumers to provide personal information.
Authorised Agent
. Under the CCPA, you may appoint an authorised agent to submit requests to exercise your rights on your behalf. Should you choose to do so, for your and our protection, we will require your authorised agent to provide us with a signed permission demonstrating that they are authorised to submit a request on your behalf. Should your authorised agent fail to submit proof that they have been authorised to act on your behalf, we will deny their request.
T. California's "Shine the Light" Law
Summary
:  California residents are entitled to request a notice describing what  categories of personal customer information We share with third parties.
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the purposes of their direct marketing.
U. Details of Controllers
Summary
: There are several Paddle entities that act as Controllers for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Policy, the relevant Controllers are:
Paddle.com Market Limited
of Judd House, 18-29 Mora Street, London, EC1V 8BT, UK
Paddle Payments Limited
of The Academy, 42 Pearse Street, Dublin, D02 YX88, Ireland
Paddle.com Inc.
of 3811 Ditmars Blvd, #1071 Astoria, New York, 11105-1803, USA
V. Definitions
“Adequate Jurisdiction”
means a country or territory recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under an adequacy decision made, from time to time, by (as applicable) (i) the Information Commissioner’s Office and/or under applicable UK law (including the UK GDPR), and/ or (ii) the European Commission under the EU GDPR.
“California Resident”
or
“Consumer”
means (1) every individual who is residing in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory purpose.
“Controller”
means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Cookie”
means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies.
“Data Protection Authority”
means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA”
means the European Economic Area.
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“
EU GDPR
”); the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (as implemented by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 and the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020) (the "
UK GDPR
"), as applicable;
“Merchant of Record”
means the licensed reseller of software and digital products and the business that is carried on by Paddle.
“Personal Data
” and
“Personal Information”
means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”
,
“Processing”
or
“Processed”
means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Product”
means the Supplier’s software product(s) and/or digital content and any subsequent updates and upgrades thereto agreed to be resold or distributed by Paddle.
“Relevant Personal Data”
means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller.
“Sell”
has the meaning ascribed to it in section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
“Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that is deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Sensitive Personal Information”
means Personal Information that reveals an Consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership or the contents of a Consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; or genetic data
“Share”
means communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioural advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration
“Site”
means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
“Standard Contractual Clauses”
means i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council incorporating Module 1 (Controller to Controller transfers) (EU SCCs); and ii) where the UK GDPR applies, the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the UK's Information Commissioner's Office and approved by Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK Approved Addendum) and the accompanying Mandatory Clauses of the UK Approved Addendum, as updated from time to time and/or replaced by any further version published by the Information Commissioner's Office (UK Mandatory Clauses)
“Supplier”
means a party which has appointed Paddle to be its Merchant of Record and reseller of its Products
“UK”
means the United Kingdom
×
Cookie settings
Paddle uses cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience and support advertising efforts. You can review and manage your cookie preferences below to control your privacy choices.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 3
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Your rights
/
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Your rights
Our Office values working with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to complain directly to the business or organisation that has breached your privacy.
How complaining to us works
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with the business or organisation you complained to, then you can complain to us.
First, we’ll decide whether we need to investigate. We will base that decision on the information you provide, so it’s helpful to set out a short explanation for what your key concern is and include only relevant documents. If we decide to investigate, we may first talk to you and sometimes to the
agency
you’re complaining about.
Read our decision guide
.
We will try to accommodate any accessibility needs you have
when contacting us
in accordance with the
Human Rights Act 1993.
Reasons we won't investigate
There are many reasons we won’t investigate (some are listed below) but even if we decide we can’t, we’ll still give you a chance to comment.
Some common reasons we won’t investigate are:
You haven't contacted the organisation first
You should give the business or organisation a chance to resolve your problem first and should wait at least 30 working days for a response before contacting us.
Your complaint is about an old issue
If your complaint is about something that happened more than 12 months ago, we probably won’t investigate it unless there’s a good reason why you didn’t contact us earlier.
The issue hasn't caused you harm
We’ll only investigate a breach of your privacy if it’s caused you
harm.
The agency has taken appropriate steps to resolve the issue
If an agency has already acted, changing its systems, and apologising to the person concerned, we’d likely consider those actions that would resolve the complaint. An investigation isn’t likely to achieve a different outcome.
Section 74 of the Privacy Act
has a full list of reasons we might not investigate your complaint and includes things like the complaint being a breach of someone else’s privacy, or there being a better way to sort it out.
Complaining to us with courtesy and consideration
We take the health and safety and wellbeing of our staff seriously and have some rules of engagement that we’d like you to know about.
You can expect us to:
treat you courteously and with respect
answer your questions about our process
keep you informed about your complaint and when you can expect to hear back from us.
We expect you to:
treat us with courtesy
co-operate with our process and requests for information
correspond with our staff politely and in a way that maintains staff wellbeing
accept that we will not tolerate rude or abusive behaviour or correspondence that undermines staff wellbeing
understand that we have a zero-tolerance approach to threats made to OPC staff.
As an agency that deals with human rights, we value feedback. However, harmful communications to OPC staff – such as abusive or offensive comments and harassment – are never acceptable and may result in the Office declining to investigate your complaint.
Read our service charter that explains this in more detail
.
OPC takes the safety and wellbeing of our staff seriously
Violence or threats of violence are not tolerated, and we will respond accordingly. This may include issuing a warning, limiting access to our services, reporting a matter of concern to the Police, or issuing a trespass notice. OPC may use or disclose your personal information to the Police or to a complaints body, to report threats of violence or offensive communications. This will be done as it is necessary for the safety and wellbeing of our staff.
Read our policy for responding to threats to staff safety
.
Inappropriate or offensive communication with our staff may result in a warning or may mean that we are not able to deal with your complaint.
This includes:
abusive or offensive comments or threats to OPC staff
intimidation or harassment of OPC staff by phone or email
inappropriate questions to OPC staff or referencing non-relevant OPC staff personal information
threats to defame OPC staff or to publish personal information about OPC staff
posting personal information about OPC staff online, including any communication that breaches the communication principles in the
Harmful Digital Communications Act
.
What we can't do
Our role is to decide if there’s been a breach of the Privacy Act and help both the groups come to a decision. We can't force organisations to pay you money, issue fines, make anyone accept a settlement offer, or force anyone to accept our findings.
Getting your personal information corrected
If you make a request to an agency about accessing or correcting your personal information, they must respond to that within 20 working days. Any agency may, in limited circumstances, extend the 20-working day timeframe, but they must tell you why, and let you know when they’ll give you the information. You can use our response calculator on the left to work out the latest date an agency must respond to you by.
One person complaining on behalf of many
When lots of people are affected by one privacy breach,
the Privacy Act
allows for one person to make a complaint to us on behalf of many (as a class). When this happens, the Privacy Commissioner can begin an investigation themselves.
Giving someone authority to act on your behalf
If you want someone to act on your behalf (like an advocate, a family member, or lawyer) you will need to complete a form that tells us that in writing.
Open the Representative Authority Form in Word
Open the Representative Authority Form in PDF
Other places you can get help
We can only investigate the privacy aspects of your complaint.
Our
list of other regulators and dispute resolution schemes
may help you find other agencies who can better help you.
Make a complaint
Your rights
Your privacy rights
Resolving privacy issues
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Submit a complaint
Service charter – complaints and investigations
Settling complaints