PRIVACY POLICY -
BANIX
STUDIO
Banix Studio
(hereinafter referred to as “the
company") does its best to be transparent about how users’ personal data
(hereinafter referred to as "personal information" or
"data") is protected and processed in order to ensure the safe use of
its services.
This privacy policy applies to the
company's mobile games and other related services, which will be referred
collectively as "services" in this document.
The company's policy will be
updated to reflect any new regulatory or legal changes. If the policy is
significantly altered, the company will do its best to notify users via pop-up
screens or announcements.
A.
Inquiries related to the privacy policy
If you have any inquiries or
requests about the privacy policy, you can contact customer support in each
service sector to get an answer as soon as possible. You can also directly
contact the person in charge of personal information management using this
phone number.
-
Name of the
controller: Banix Studio
-
Privacy Protection
Office: Administrator (komtlabuketam@gmail.com)
-
Address: Rio de
Janeiro, Brazil
B.
The company collects personal information legally.
The
categories of personal information collected by the company differ by the
services you use.
<Collected
directly from the user>
-
Name and tag set by the user
-
Customer support records (chat records,
etc.)
-
Additional information from
participating in surveys and marketing
-
Personal information required for event
participation and gift giving
-
Other information that the user has
agreed to can be used for only those purposes
<Data
collected automatically>
-
The company can collect information
about the devices that users use to access the service (mobile device
information, OS information, country, IP address and mobile device
identification information, ad ID (ADID, IDFA).
-
The company can collect information
through cookies and similar technologies (See F. Use of cookies and similar
technologies for more information).
-
Gameplay data, purchases and
interactions between other players using the service
<Data
collected from partner companies>
-
Data received and information permitted
to use by linking the service with a third-party tool (Facebook, Google, etc.)
-
Information provided by the
platform or payment service provider (payment verification information, etc.)
-
Ads and surveys used for the purpose of
analyzing and providing better experience to the user
C.
Personal information is collected and used only for specific and lawful
purposes.
The company treat all information
related to the user’s account as personal information. Also, the data is stored
for a minimum period necessary to provide the best service to the user.
<Service
Operations>
-
Account creation (user identification)
and user’s use of game service
-
Verification and confirmation of payment
-
Sending service-related notices
-
Replying to inquiries
-
Sending relevant information such as
updates, security warnings, and support messages
-
Prevention abusive users (abuse of
refunds in the game, etc.)
-
Other information that the user has
agreed to can be used for only these additional purposes
D.
No personal information is shared or sold to third parties outside of these
purposes.
The company will not share of sell
user information to a third party without the user’s consent. However, the
company can share information that cannot be used to identify individuals, such
as statistics and public information. The company may sometimes handles
personal information by entrusting work to provide email, prize delivery, and
customer support services. Regarding this consignment work, the company will
enter into a written contract with a third party that will include various
personal information protection measures. If you do not wish to share this
information, you may leave the service at any time.
The company may share personal
information in order to comply with legal procedures such as rights protection,
court orders, or to comply with requests from government agencies or other
related agencies, or if there are justifiable reasons.
<The
company’s service provider>
The company has vendors who help us
to provide the Service. These vendors process your data only at and according
to Our instructions to provide the Service, and perform tasks such as hosting,
player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention. Data is retained
until the purpose of the consignment is achieved or the user's consent is
withdrawn.
<Vital
interests and legal rights>
We may disclose your information
where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations
involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities,
or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
<With
your consent>
We may disclose your personal
information for any other purpose with your consent.
<Other
companies and public institutions>
The company can provide information
to public authorities upon request in order to verify payments (in
collaboration with payment service providers) and to prevent fraud and illegal
activities.
<User
rights for international transmission>
In the event of a reason for
transmission, user data may be transmitted to a computer system located between
the user's countries for use, processing, or storage, and may only be used for
the purposes specified in this policy. Furthermore, users have the ability to
modify, delete, and restrict data sent overseas.
E.
Personal information will be securely destroyed after use during the legal
retention period.
Personal information is held and
used while the user maintains the service. Once the purpose of using personal
information is met, it is securely destroyed without delay so that it cannot be
restored. However, there will be a seven-day grace period of retaining the data
following the withdrawal request in order to prevent illegal use, such as
personal information theft. Furthermore, the minimal amount of data is retained
for the time period specified and is not used for any other purpose other than
for the reasons listed below.
<Retention
period in accordance with relevant laws and regulations>
-
Records regarding contract or withdrawal
of subscription, etc.: 5 years
-
Records of payment and supply of goods,
etc.: 5 years
-
Record for consumer complaints or
dispute resolution: 3 years
-
Record of service visits: 3 months
-
Other records with consent from the user
F.
Users can refuse to use of the automated personal information collection
device.
<Use
of cookies and similar technologies>
Cookies are pieces of information
that a website stores on your computer when visiting a website. Cookies can
also be used by the company to collect data about users, and may be used to
send data between the company and users in accordance with policies. Users can
choose to turn off all cookie settings, or have the computer alert the user
whenever they are sent through browser settings. Each browser has a slightly
different setting method, so look at the browser's help menu to learn how to
set your cookie settings. Turning off cookies may prevent access to many
features that can make the guest environment more efficient, and some services
may not work properly.
The Internet Protocol
("IP") address is a unique number assigned to the server or Internet
service provider ("ISP"). The IP addresses can be tracked by the
company for system management, statistical reporting, site tracking, security,
or to prevent server abuse.
<Customized
online ads>
Customized online advertisements
are marketing techniques that provide services that take into account user
characteristics by analyzing users' online usage types and access records, and
they can be collected automatically when users visit sites or run apps. Users
can refuse to receive online customized advertisements from mobile applications
by checking their privacy settings and disabling "allowing app tracking
requests" on Apple iOS devices or selecting "refuse to receive
interest-based advertisements" on Android devices.
For more information on the
Advertiser Privacy Policy and the opt-out feature, please visit the link below.
- Google Admob:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
- Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/kr/legal/privacy-policy
- Vungle: https://vungle.com/privacy
- Pangle:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
- IronSource:
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy
- HyprMX: https://jungroup.com/pp/
- Applovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy-kr
- Tapjoy:
https://www.tapjoy.com/ko/legal
- Fyber: https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy
- Inmobi:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
For web browsers, you can also
adjust your browser opt-out settings to restrict certain searches by visiting
the Restrict Ad Tracking Sites below.
-http://www.aboutads.info/choices
-http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
G.
The company is dedicated to protecting your rights.
<Right
to access and receive data>
Users have the right to inquire
about how their data is handled and receive relevant information from the
company. The company will send you an electronic copy of your personal
information if requested.
<Right
to limit the processing of personal information>
-
In certain cases, users have the right
to request restrictions on processing of their personal information.
-
Refusal to receive marketing emails and
other direct marketing materials: You can opt out of receiving promotional
materials such as marketing emails from the company by following the
instructions written on the sent forms or by changing your game settings.
-
Push notification: You can receive push
notifications from the company via the company's mobile application. You can opt
out of receiving these notifications at any time by changing your mobile
device's settings.
<Right
to transfer data>
Users have the right to transfer
data to third parties. However, not currently applied to the company's
operations, the company will provide a copy of the data containing the user's
most basic account information if the user requests it.
<Right
to delete data>
Users may request (1) their
marketing information be deleted or (2) their service account information be
deleted. After a seven-day grace period following the withdrawal request, the
user's account will be completely deleted. After deletion, all game
information, account history, and other assets will be erased, and any assets
left on the account will not be refunded.
The company may hold data to (a)
protect its business, systems and users from fraudulent activity, (b) address
technical issues that impair existing functions, (c) exercise the necessary
rights to the company or other users, (d) comply with legal enforcement
requests in due course, (e) for scientific or other purposes, and (f) comply
with legal obligations. The company will do its best to respond quickly to the
needs of the users. However, due to the consequences or measures resulting from
the user's request, the user's use of the service may be restricted or blocked.
*Note:
California residents may have additional rights. Please see section K. Appendix
(privacy rights for California residents) for more information.
<Other
rights>
You
may exercise your rights in accordance with local law.
You have the right to have your
information corrected and/or deleted, as well as to object or limit how we use
or share your information. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at
any time.
Within a reasonable time frame, the
company may respond to the user's request. You may also contact your local data
protection authority if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern
because the company has not been able to address it properly.
H.
The company maintains the integrity and security of the data.
The company employs technical,
administrative, and physical security measures to prevent loss, theft, leakage,
forgery, alteration, or damage to user data. Although the Internet is not a
completely safe environment and security risks are constantly evolving, the
company will continue to make efforts to secure the system and protect users'
data.
I.
The company has a special obligation to protect children’s (minor’s) data.
The company acknowledges that it
has a special obligation to protect children's data (age required by local
law).
The majority of the company's
services (online, mobile, and others) are for the general public and do not
collect data from children on purpose. Furthermore, if it is determined that
the user is under the game's age limit, the company will stop providing
services to the user. Please keep in mind that if a parent or guardian agrees
to let their children use the company's services, they will be able to use
communication services that the general public uses, such as mail, chatting,
and online groups, and that information may be disclosed to other users.
If a parent believes that their
child's personal information has been collected without their permission, they
can contact the company and request that their child's data be deleted. The
collected data is kept secure in accordance with the policy. As a result, if
the policy changes, parents and children will be notified of the changes in a
reasonable manner.
J.
Comments and inquiries
If you have any questions or
comments about the company's data protection,
please contact us via email:
komtlabuketam@gmail.com
The company conducts regular audits
of regulatory and legal compliance. The company provides personal information
protection and security guidelines to executives and employees, as well as
conducts education and awareness campaigns to protect personal information so
that users' data is safely protected. When we receive an official inquiry, we
will contact the user who provided the opinion and actively follow up. To
resolve complaints that cannot be resolved directly with the company, we will
work closely with regulators, including local data protection agencies.
K.
Appendix (privacy rights for California residents)
The policies in the Appendix apply
to California residents only.
<Right
to know>
California residents have the right
to request the information listed below. The company will make data easily
accessible to users. Contacting the company is the simplest way to obtain that
information. If the company requires additional information to identify the
user, it will contact the user and request information, which may include
personal information about the user or information about the company's previous
purchases/use of products or services. If the company only rejects a portion of
the user's request, it will explain why in an answer.
-
Categories of data the company has about
its users:
Section B. of the Privacy
Policy describes the types of personal information collected in the last 12
months.
-
Categories of data collected or
disclosed for business purposes for users within the last 12 months:
Section C. of the Privacy Policy describes
the categories of use of the collected personal information.
-
Lists of third parties to which data is
sold, disclosed for service purposes, or otherwise shared with: Section D. of
the Policy on Privacy describes the types of personal information with which
data is shared.
<Right
to be forgotten>
If you are a California resident,
you can ask the company to delete the collected personal information. Account
deletion by the company is permanent and irreversible, and all games, assets,
and histories will be permanently deleted. The company may hold data to (a)
protect its business, systems and users from fraudulent activity, (b) address
technical issues that impair existing functions, (c) exercise the necessary
rights to the company or other users, (d) comply with legal enforcement
requests in due course, (e) for scientific or other purposes, and (f) comply
with legal obligations.
Furthermore, the company requires
specific types of information in order to provide its services to users.
Contacting the company is the simplest way to submit a deletion request. If the
company requires additional information to identify the user, it will contact
the user and request information, which may include personal information about
the user or information about the company's previous purchases/use of products
or services. If the company only rejects a portion of the user's request, it
will explain why in an answer.
<Right
to withdraw afterwards>
California residents may be exempt
from the CCPA's definition of "sale" of personal information. The
following cases, however, are not included.
-
In the case a user requests the company
to disclose personal information or interact with a third party, the third
party does not sell the personal information.
-
The company may use or share identifiers
to alert third parties who have stopped selling personal information at a
user’s request.
-
The user's data is transferred as part
of a transaction in which a third party controls all or part of the company's
services. In this case, the third party must notify in writing if the method of
using, sharing, and sharing the data significantly changes.
-
The company uses or shares user data in
accordance with written contracts with service providers that are required to
carry out business functions. At this time, the service provided by the service
provider replaces the company, and the written contract prohibits the company
from storing, using, or disclosing user data for purposes other than those
specified in the contract.
<Right
not to be discriminated against>
The company will not discriminate
against users who exercised their rights in a reasonable manner while using the
company's services.
<Legal
representative)>
If a legal representative is
designated to exercise the right on the user's behalf, the representative must
(a) provide written permission to exercise the right on the user's behalf, and
(b) provide evidence to prove the legal representative's identity. If the
representative fails to meet these criteria, the company will refuse to
exercise its rights.
<California
Shine the Light law>
California residents have the right
to request the information once a year if personal information was shared with
a third party for marketing purposes in the previous year.
<Privacy
rights of minors>
Minors in California have the right
to request view, edit, or delete content and data posted on bulletin boards or
forums related to the company's services.
Please note that all users have
access to the company's bulletin board and forum. The company strongly advises
users not to post personal or sensitive information. Residual copies of content
and data deleted in response to a request may remain on the backup server.
Furthermore, if the information has been copied or republished by a third party
(e.g. another user), the company no longer has control over the content or
data. You are also not required to delete posted content or data if it is
anonymous.
The company may keep your
information in order to resolve disputes, fulfill contracts, or comply with
legal requirements. It will not be used for any other purpose in this case.