VIGGLE PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: July 19, 2024
WarpEngine Canada Inc. (“Viggle”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) values and respects your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain the manner in which we collect, use and disclose personal information when you visit our website located at
https://viggle.ai/
(the “Website”), use our services or otherwise interact with us.
In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information (regardless of its format) about an identifiable individual or natural person. This may include, for example, your name, contact information, home address, email address, and information about your account with us (if you have one).
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Sharing of Personal Information
Information about our Website
Interest-Based Advertising
Your Choices
Your Rights
Safeguards and Retention
Transfers Across Borders
Updates to the Privacy Policy
Children
Contact Us
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and use your personal information when you:
Visit our Website
Create an account on our platform
Use sign-in services provided by third parties to access or use our services
Upload or create content on our platform
Purchase a subscription to our services
Sign-up to receive our marketing communications
Enter a contest or participate in a promotion
Participate in our surveys
Contact us with a comment, question, or complaint
Visit our Website:
We collect personal information when you visit our Website, including information about your interactions with our Website, as well as information about the device and browser used to access our Website. For more details about the information we collect when you visit or use our Website and the choices you have regarding such collection, please see the “Information about our Website” section below.
Create an Account:
If you choose to create an account to access our services, we require certain information from you. The information we collect includes your email address, display name, and the password you create. We use this information to create and administer your account. We strongly recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls, or email messages). If you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are required to notify us immediately.
Sign-In Services:
If you choose to sign in using third-party platforms (e.g., Google) that integrate with our services, we may receive information associated with your account on that platform, such as your name, email address, language preference, and profile picture. This information is used to facilitate your access to our services and to streamline the sign-in process by allowing you to use your existing credentials from third-party platforms.
Upload and Create Content:
When you use our services, we collect information you provide to us, such as images and videos you upload to our platform, as well as the videos or other content you create or generate through our platform. We extract data from the uploaded images and videos, such as features and patterns that we need to generate the animated individuals or characters you have requested. This extracted data may include cannot be used to identify you. We use this extracted data solely to generate the video for you and we do not store or retain this information after your video is generated. We will save a copy of your uploaded image or video in your library which you can review or delete at any time. We also use the images you provide (excluding any extracted data from the image) and generated content to improve our services, including to train and improve our AI models and software to provide better services.
Purchase a Subscription:
When you purchase a subscription to our services, we collect purchase information, including payment card information, billing address, and contact information necessary to facilitate the purchase. This information is used to process and fulfill your subscription purchase, to provide and manage subscription-based services, to communicate with you regarding your subscription, including renewal notices and service updates, and to ensure the security of your transactions and prevent fraudulent activity.
Marketing Communications:
If you sign-up to receive marketing communications by email or text, we collect your email address, phone number as well as other information on an optional basis to help us tailor our communications to you. You may unsubscribe from future marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email or by replying “STOP” to any text message. Alternatively, you may opt-out of receiving email marketing communications by contacting us using the contact information provided in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that you may continue to receive transactional or account-related communications from us. Custom Audience: We use tools provided by social media networks and other third-party platforms to serve targeted advertisements on such platforms to you or others. If you have agreed to receive marketing communications, we may share a hashed version of your email address or other information with these platforms to match your information with data available on these platforms in order to facilitate the delivery of more relevant ads to you and others on these platforms. To opt-out of the use of your information for such purposes, please contact us using the contact information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
Contests and Promotions:
When you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, and any additional information or content required for the contest or promotion. We use this information to administer your participation in the contest or promotion, including prize fulfillment. As part of a contest or promotion, we may obtain your consent to share or otherwise publish the content you submit.
Surveys:
From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in one of our surveys. The information obtained through our surveys is used in an aggregated, de-identified form. We use this information to help us understand our users and to enhance our Website and services.
Contact Us:
When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint through email, telephone, or other communication channels, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address and a telephone number, along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment. We may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and service offerings.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information you collect from us directly, as well as information collected through automated means as described under “Information About Our Website”. We may also collect information that is publicly available.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with the following third parties or as otherwise permitted or required by law:
Service Providers:
Your personal information will be transferred (or otherwise made available) to certain third parties that provide services on our behalf. We use service providers to provide services such as hosting the platform, payment processing, and providing advertising and marketing services. Our service providers are only provided with the information they need to perform their designated functions and are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes. Our service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada or other foreign jurisdictions.
Legal and Compliance:
We may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant to other legally valid inquiry or order, or to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable law or legal process. Your personal information may also be disclosed where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm to persons or property.
Sale of Business:
We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Viggle or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEBSITE
Visiting our Website:
In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or providing any personal information. However, when you visit or use our Website, we collect certain technical information about the browser or device you use to access our Website, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device type, operating system, and browser type and version. We also collect information about your interactions with our Website, such as access times, pages viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to our platform. We use this information to understand how users interact with our Website, to monitor and improve our Website and the services we offer, including the performance of our Website, and to enhance the user experience.
Cookies:
Our Website uses a technology called “cookies”. A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website sends to a user’s browser, which may then be stored on the user’s hard drive so that we can recognize the user’s computer or device when they return. You can manage your cookie preferences through your browser settings. Most browsers allow you to refuse or accept cookies, as well as delete them. Please note that disabling cookies may affect the functionality of our platform and your ability to use certain features.
Analytics Cookies:
We may use a third party such as Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the Website (such as the pages most read, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the Website. For more information or to opt-out using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, see “
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps
” and “
Google Analytics and Privacy
”.
Third Party Links:
Our Website may contain links to other websites that Viggle does not own or operate. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
YOUR CHOICES
Where we rely on your consent to lawfully collect, use, or disclose your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to such processing of your personal information at any time, subject to reasonable notice and any legal or contractual restrictions. You may exercise this right by contacting us directly or, where applicable, by following the instructions below. In some cases, if you withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide you with our products or services.
Marketing Communications:
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email, replying “STOP” to any text message, or by contacting us using the contact information below. Please note that you may continue to receive transactional or account-related communications from us.
Custom Audiences:
You may opt out of our use of custom audience tools for targeted advertising at any time by contacting us at the address indicated in the “Contact Us” section below. If you opt out, you may still see ads from us, but they will not be tailored to you based on the information you have provided to us.
Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Cookies:
To opt-out of interest-based advertising or our use of analytics cookies, see the “Interest-Based Advertising” and “Information about our Website” sections above respectively.
YOUR RIGHTS
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to access or correct your personal information if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. You may exercise these rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you by emailing or writing to us using the contact details set out below. We may request additional information from you to verify your identity or the legal authority under which you are making the request.
SAFEGUARDS AND RETENTION
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures in an effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control against theft, loss and unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. We restrict access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements.
We have record retention processes designed to retain personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out herein or as otherwise required to meet legal or business requirements.
TRANSFERS ACROSS BORDERS
Your personal information may be stored outside of the country, province or region where you reside, including Canada and the United States. In this case, your personal information will be subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which it is stored, including laws that may permit access by law enforcement, courts or government authorities in those jurisdictions. For written information about our policies and practices regarding our use of service providers outside of Canada to process personal information, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
CHILDREN
Our platform is not directed to children under the age of 13 or, if you are a resident of the province of Quebec, under the age of 14, and Viggle does not knowingly collect personal information from children under such age. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 or 14, as applicable, has provided us with personal information, please contact us at the address indicated in the “Contact Us” section below.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure you are familiar with those changes. We will indicate at the top of this privacy policy when it was most recently updated.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or the manner in which we or our service providers (including our service providers outside Canada) treat your personal information, or to request access to our collection of your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer at: support@viggle.ai