Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 13, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the
      collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the
      Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects
      You. This Privacy Policy describes how Looksglo (operated by Nathaniel
      Tripet, "I", "me", or "my") collects, uses, and handles your information
      when you use my mobile application on iOS and Android devices.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
      Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance
      with this Privacy Policy.
1. Interpretation and Definitions
1.1 Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
      under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the
      same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
1.2 Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to
          access our Service or parts of our Service.
Application
refers to Looksglo, the software program
          provided by me.
Country
refers to: New Jersey, United States
Device
means any device that can access the Service
          such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an
          identified or identifiable individual.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person
          who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to
          third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to
          facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the
          Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the
          Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically,
          either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service
          infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the
          Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such
          individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
2. Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
2.1 Types of Data Collected
2.1.1 Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain
      personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
      identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
      limited to:
Email address
Usage Data
2.1.2 Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol
      address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our
      Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on
      those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect
      certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type
      of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of
      Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
      Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic
      data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit
      our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
2.1.3 Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our
      Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo
        library
2.1.4 Face Data Collection
Our app collects the following face-related data:
Facial landmarks (used to determine face shape and facial thirds)
Images used for skin analysis
Images used for celebrity lookalike comparisons
2.2 Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to
          monitor the usage of our Service.
2.2.1 Use of Face Data
We use the collected face data solely for the purpose of providing you
      with information about your face. This includes:
Analyzing your skin condition
Determining your face shape (if applicable)
Measuring facial proportions
Generating celebrity lookalike comparisons
We do not use this data for any other purposes, including advertising or sharing with third-parties.
2.3 Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is
      necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain
      and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our
      legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to
      comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal
      agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
      Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when
      this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the
      functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this
      data for longer time periods.
2.3.1 Retention of Face Data
Face data, including analysis results, is retained until you request its
        deletion or delete your account.
Upon account deletion, most data is immediately deleted.
Original face images and skin analysis face maps are automatically
        deleted within 30 days of account deletion.
You can request deletion of your face data at any time by emailing lookslgo@looksglo.com.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's
      operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in
      the processing are located. It means that this information may be
      transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your
      state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data
      protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such
      information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your
      data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no
      transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a
      country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security
      of Your data and other personal information.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the
      Personal Data that We have collected about You.
Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about
      You from within the Service.
You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing
      in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings
      section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also
      contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal
      information that You have provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when
      we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your
      Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your
      Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy
      Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your
      Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests
      by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
      such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
        Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that
      no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
      storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable
      means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute
      security.
2.8 Third-Party Services for Face Data Processing
We utilize two third-party services for specific features:
Skin Analysis Service:
Uploaded files are not stored by this service.
Response files are stored for 24 hours and then automatically
            deleted.
Celebrity Lookalike Detection:
This feature uses a pre-trained model on Clarifai.
Data is believed to be processed ephemerally (without long-term
            storage).
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 17. We do not
      knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under
      the age of 17. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your
      child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become
      aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 17
      without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that
      information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your
      information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may
      require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by
      Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third
      party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every
      site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
      privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of
      any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service,
      prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last
      updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
      changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted
      on this page.
6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: looksglo@looksglo.com