Privacy policy for apps
Pixel + Code GmbH, Am Goldstein 1, 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany,
        pixelandcodegmbh@gmail.com (“pixel + code” or “We”) respects and
        protects your personal data.
The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in greater detail
        about the collection, processing and use of data by our games, offered
        as mobile applications (“the Games or Apps).
Pixel + code collects, processes and uses personal data exclusively
        within the bounds of the applicable statutory provisions. Therefore, the
        high level of data protection enshrined in the General Data Protection
        Regulation (“GDPR”) and the German Telecommunication, Telemedia, Data
        Protection Act (Telekommunikation-Telemedien-Datenschutz-Gesetzes –
        TTDSG) applies.
1. Scope
1.1 This privacy policy is intended for all users of Games Apps
        (“Users”). If specific services or individual apps from Pixel + code
        have a different privacy policy, this will apply.
1.2 Services and offers of third parties, to which reference may be made
        in the Games App by means of so-called links, are excluded from the
        scope of this. Pixel + code does not take any responsibility for the
        content of these third parties or their compliance with data protection
        regulations, unless otherwise stated in the privacy policy of the linked
        content. This applies, for example, to links that can be used to access
        social networks such as Facebook or chat apps such as WhatsApp, and to
        links in embedded advertisements. You will find information on how
        users' personal data is handled and protected on these platforms in the
        privacy policies of the respective platforms.
2. Downloading and installing Games App
When you download and install our Games Apps, the operator of the
        platform through which you obtain the respective app (for example,
        Apple, Inc. for the AppStore and Google Ireland Limited for the Google
        PlayStore) collects personal data required for the download. This data
        includes in particular your name, your email address as well as your
        postcode, time of download, IP address and the individual device
        identification number of your terminal device (so-called IMEI), as well
        as your payment information, if applicable. This collection and
        processing of your personal data is generally carried out solely by the
        respective platform operator without our involvement in the data
        processing or any possibility to influence it. In this respect, the data
        protection provisions of the operator of the platform apply, which can
        be viewed on the platform in question. We only receive and process this
        personal data collected by the platform operator to the extent necessary
        for the download and provision of the Games App. If we process personal
        data as part of the installation, this is based on the contract for the
        purchase and use of the Games App that you concluded with us when you
        downloaded and installed the app, in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence
        1 (b) GDPR.
3. Collection, processing and use of data when using the Games
          Apps
3.1. When starting and using the Pixel + code Games Apps, a connection
        to the servers used by us may be established automatically to retrieve
        up-to-date content, depending on the respective Games App. In this
        process, information that your end device conveys to us will be logged.
        This includes the IP address of the end device you are using, data on
        the operating system used as well as the installed Games App and its
        version, date and time (including time zone) of the respective access to
        the content of the Games App as well as information on which specific
        content has been requested for the respective Games App. In addition,
        Pixel + code may collect and process personal data to fulfil its
        contractual obligations with the User, e.g. to create the user's player
        profile. Depending on the respective Games App, this data includes the
        name and IP address and data identifying the user's end device.
3.2. Pixel + code collects and processes this data for the provision of
        the Games App and the respective up-to-date content of the Games App.
        The provision of this data is not required by law, but is necessary for
        the conclusion of the use contract for the respective Games App and the
        associated Pixel + code service. In this respect, it involves data that
        is absolutely necessary for the use of the game requested by the user.
        The user may voluntarily give further data to Pixel + code within the
        scope of the offer. The basis for collecting this data is § 25 (2) no. 2
        TTDSG and the further data processing for the fulfilment of contractual
        obligations Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 b) GDPR.
4. In-app payment
4.1. In some Games Apps, we may offer certain additional versions and
        content for purchase, e.g. the use of an ad-free version of the app. To
        conclude the corresponding contract and the related payment processing,
        bank details or other payment-relevant data (e.g. credit card) must be
        provided. For payment processing, we use the services provided for
        payment processing by the respective operator of the platform through
        which you obtained the Games App (for example, Apple, Inc. for the
        AppStore and Google Ireland Limited for the Google PlayStore). The
        aforementioned information will be processed accordingly together with
        the required usage data by the operator of the respective platform,
        insofar as this is necessary to process the payment. Details on how your
        personal data is handled in connection with payment processing can be
        found in the privacy policy of the respective operator of the platform,
        which can be viewed on the relevant platform.
4.2. The use of these payment services is required by the operator of
        the platform for us to be permitted to offer the app on the respective
        platform and also provides you with a simple and seamless payment
        process in the app.
4.3. This data processing in connection with the purchase of additional
        content in the respective Games App, including payment processing, is
        carried out for the conclusion and processing of the contract regarding
        this content and therefore based on Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (b) GDPR.
5. Support requests and contact via the Games Ap
5.1. If you notify our customer support or otherwise contact us (e.g.
        via the contact form in the Games App), the information you provide when
        contacting us, including the contact details given there, will be
        processed for the purpose of handling your enquiry and processing it,
        including investigating and rectifying any problems in the Games App and
        in the event of follow-up questions. When a request is made to our
        customer support via the Games App, information on the Games App, your
        game progress, player ID and, if applicable, the problematic area in the
        game as well as technical data on your end device are also automatically
        processed.
5.2. We process this data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (b)
        GDPR, if you contact us within the scope of an existing contract for the
        use of the Games App or for the purpose of initiating such a contractual
        relationship. Otherwise, this storage and use of data is based on Art. 6
        (1) sentence 1 (f) GDPR, whereby our legitimate interest is the thorough
        processing of your respective request and the solution of any technical
        problems. Access to the data stored in your end device is absolutely
        necessary in accordance with §25 (2) no. 2 TTDSG so that Pixel + code
        can answer your (support) request.
6. Error messages and usage analysis via Firebas
6.1. Functions of the service Firebase are implemented in the Games App.
        Firebase is offered by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow
        Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google").
6.2. Data on the general use of the app is collected and evaluated via
        the Firebase service (so-called Google Analytics for Firebase). At the
        same time, reports on occurring errors and crashes in the app are
        generated in order to analyze and fix these errors and crashes. For
        these purposes, information on whether and how you use certain parts of
        the Games App is collected along with the IP address and other technical
        data about your end device and configurations assigned to it
        (hereinafter "Device Technical Data"), such as the manufacturer and
        model of the device, the language set and the advertising ID as well as
        the country from which you use the app. To create error reports,
        additional details about the error that occurred, information about the
        affected Games App and, if applicable, game-relevant data are collected
        and processed, but only if this error occurs when you are using the app.
        Google evaluates this data on our behalf and creates aggregated reports
        for us. These reports provide us with insights into the general use of
        the Games Apps as well as the errors that have occurred, so that we can
        gain knowledge to improve the content and functions of the apps and, in
        particular, to eliminate existing errors and problems. Moreover, Google
        gives us insight into the activity of individual users in our game,
        based on the anonymized player ID. For Pixel + code, however, it is not
        relevant which user has used the respective app and to what extent.
        Pixel + code is not interested profiling users. Pixel + code is
        interested in providing functional Games Apps, by evaluating aggregated
        reports. Google may also transfer this data to servers operated by
        Google LLC in the USA and analyze it there. However, your IP address
        will be shortened and therefore anonymized within Member States of the
        European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the
        European Economic Area before being transferred to a server in the USA.
6.3. Google also processes the aforementioned data collected via the
        Firebase service to the extent in accordance with its own privacy
        policy, which you can find at https://policies.google.com/privacy. There
        you will also find additional information on how Google handles personal
        data.
6.4. We would make you aware that the data transfer to servers in the
        USA used by Google LLC may pose additional risks; for example, it may be
        more difficult to enforce your rights to this data. To counter these
        risks, we have agreed the standard data protection clauses of the EU
        Commission with Google LLC for this data transfer and have also defined
        appropriate protective measures therein, which, depending on the need to
        protect the data, can also include its encryption and can be improved in
        accordance with the legal and technical conditions for appropriate data
        protection. If data is transferred to Google LLC in the USA, this is
        based on Art. 46 (2) (c) GDPR.
6.5. We only use Firebase for the general usage analysis described above
        if you have given your consent to this. The legal basis for accessing
        the data described above is therefore §25 (1) TTDSG and for the
        subsequent data processing in this context Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (a)
        GDPR. You can withdraw your consent with effect for the future at any
        time. We have also concluded a contract with Google on commissioned
        processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR on data processing in
        connection with error analysis. Accordingly, Google will only process
        the data collected in this context for this purpose in accordance with
        our instructions. This passing on of data to Google is therefore based
        on Art. 28 GDPR.
7. Analysis and data visualization via Looker
7.1. We also use Looker in the Games Apps. This analysis and data
        visualization service is provided by Looker Data Science Inc, 101 Church
        Street Santa Cruz, CA 95060, USA ("Looker").
7.2. We use this service to evaluate and visualize the use of our Games
        Apps in order to identify any potential need for improvement and
        identify any scope for making the functions and content of the Games
        Apps even more user-friendly, and to be able to further develop our
        Games Apps based on this. To do this, we use Looker to see how the user
        base generally interacts with the Games Apps and whether and how certain
        functions and game content are generally used (for example, whether a
        certain game level is reached and successfully completed by users at
        all). Looker does not collect any data in this context. Looker only uses
        data that we have collected via the Google Firebase service. Using this
        data, Looker produces aggregated reports on the interactions of the user
        base in the app as a whole and, where applicable, in specific sections
        of the game. Looker also summarizes demographic information about the
        user base of our Games Apps (such as approximate age group and gender)
        in the reports. We also only ever receive aggregated data and no
        information that we could relate to individual users, as it is also only
        relevant for the aforementioned purpose of how the user base or specific
        user groups use the Games Apps, but not the use by specific, individual
        users.
7.3. For more information and the applicable privacy policy that governs
        Looker's handling of personal data please visit
        https://looker.com/trust-center/privacy/policy/.
7.4. The data used by the analysis service may also be transferred by
        Looker to servers in the USA. In this case, Looker and we guarantee that
        appropriate protection measures exist in accordance with Art. 44 et seq.
        GDPR, in particular by the fact that Looker and we have agreed on the
        standard data protection clauses of the EU Commission as a precautionary
        measure, which provide for appropriate protection measures for the
        specific case, such as encryption of the data, in accordance with Art.
        46 (2) (c) GDPR. The measures will also be continuously developed and
        supplemented to the extent necessary to ensure an adequate level of
        continuous data protection.
7.5. We only use Looker if you have given your consent to do so, and
        therefore based on §25 (1) TTDSG and Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (a) GDPR. You
        can withdraw your consent with effect for the future at any time.
8. Storage, storage duration and erasure of the data
8.1. We will process your personal data for as long as is necessary to
        achieve the purposes of the processing, as long as is required by law to
        retain the data or as long as is necessary for other reasons. The data
        will subsequently be erased pursuant to the statutory provisions.
8.2. We retain data that we store for legal reasons for as long as is
        required by law. After a statutory retention period expires, the data
        will be erased without delay, provided that no other reasons within the
        meaning of Art. 17 (3) GDPR prevent the erasure.
9. Data security
Pixel + code has implemented appropriate technical and organizational
        measures to protect personal data against accidental loss, damage,
        unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration. In particular the data
        will only be transferred by Pixel + code in encrypted form. However,
        Pixel + code makes clear that data protection and data security cannot
        be guaranteed for transfers outside Pixel + code's sphere of influence.
10. Passing on personal data to third parties
10.1. Unless otherwise stated elsewhere in this privacy policy, personal
        data will only be passed onto third parties without the express consent
        of the user if this is necessary for the provision of Pixel + code's
        services (e.g. for the technical provision of the offer). Accordingly,
        data is transferred to these service providers (such as technical
        service providers) to protect our legitimate interests pursuant to Art.
        6 (1) sentence 1 (f) GDPR, specifically to be able to provide our Games
        Apps in the first place. Of course, before passing on the user's
        personal data, Pixel + code ensures that the respective service provider
        has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to guarantee
        the security of the data.
10.2. We store the data which we collect when the Games Apps are used
        with the help of third-party services. We use the Google Cloud and
        Google Firebase services, both of which are provided by Google. These
        services may also collect and possibly store the IP address of your
        device when you use the Games Apps, but for a maximum of 30 days.
        However, Pixel + code does not receive the IP addresses directly and
        only views IP addresses collected by these services in exceptional cases
        and only if a legal basis exists, in particular insofar as this is
        necessary to protect Pixel + code's legitimate interests (e.g. during
        maintenance work or in the event of the investigation of technical
        problems). We use these services to provide the aforementioned data for
        playing the Games App efficiently and with the lowest possible error
        rate to thereby ensure a smooth use of the game features. The legal
        basis for the associated data processing is Article 6 (1) sentence 1
        lit. f) GDPR, whereby our legitimate interest is an optimal, technically
        sound provision of the Games App. For this purpose, access to the
        aforementioned data is also absolutely necessary pursuant to §25 (2) no.
        2 TTDSG. Google may also transfer the collected data to their servers in
        the USA. We have concluded the standard data protection clauses adopted
        by the EU Commission with Google to safeguard the transfer of data to
        the USA. We have also concluded a data processing agreement with Google.
        The forwarding of personal data to Google in connection with the
        aforementioned services is therefore based on Article 46 (2) lit. c) and
        28 GDPR.
10.3. Otherwise Pixel + code will not pass on the User's personal data
        to third parties, unless the User has expressly consented to the
        transfer (Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR) and Pixel + code is
        neither entitled nor obliged to transfer the data due to legal
        regulations or court orders. In the latter case, Pixel + code will
        transfer the data in order to fulfil a legal obligation according to
        Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. c) GDPR.
10.4. Apart from that, Pixel + code will not disclose the user's
        personal data to third parties unless the user has expressly consented
        to such disclosure (Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (a) GDPR) and Pixel + code is
        not entitled or obliged to disclose such data on the basis of legal
        provisions or court orders. In the latter case, the transfer is made by
        Pixel + code to fulfil a legal obligation pursuant to Art. 6 (1)
        sentence 1 (c) GDPR.
11. User rights
11.1. Right to object
The user has the right to object at any time to data processing based on
        Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (f) GDPR for reasons arising from their particular
        situation, unless Pixel + code can demonstrate compelling legitimate
        grounds that override the interests of the user or the processing serves
        to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. The user can object to data
        processing for the purpose of direct advertising at any time without
        special reasons being required.
11.2. Right to information
The user has the right to obtain from Pixel + code, free of charge, in
        written or electronic form, the personal data stored by Pixel + code
        concerning the user, the purposes of the processing, its origin, which
        data has been disclosed to which recipients or categories of recipients,
        the storage period and the data subject rights available to the user.
11.3. Right to rectification, erasure and/or restriction of the data
        processing
The user also has the right to demand the rectification of incorrect
        data, the erasure and/or, under the legal conditions, the restriction of
        the processing of the stored personal data about the user at any time.
        The right to erasure only exists if there is no legal obligation for
        Pixel + code to retain the data or other reasons within the meaning of
        Art. 17 (3) GDPR prevent erasure. If this includes personal data that is
        required for the provision of services to the user, the erasure or
        restriction of the processing of this data can only take place if the
        user no longer makes use of Pixel + code's offer.
11.4. Right to data portability
If the user provides data relating to the user and Pixel + code
        processes this data based on the user's consent or to perform a
        contract, the user may request that Pixel + code provide them with this
        data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or that
        Pixel + code transfer this data to another responsible party, insofar as
        this is technically possible (so-called right to data portability).
11.5. Right to withdraw consent
Any consent declared by the user for the use of personal data can be
        freely withdrawn by the user with effect for the future at any time.
11.6. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
The user may also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority against
        data processing that the user considers to be in breach of the statutory
        provisions.
12. Amendments to the privacy policy
Pixel + code reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at any
        time, whereby Pixel + code will at all times comply with the legal
        requirements of data protection. Therefore Pixel + code recommends that
        users regularly review the applicable privacy policy. Pixel + code will
        inform users in advance of any further data use, for example by means of
        a corresponding notification in the Game Apps or via so-called push
        notifications, if you allow such push notifications.
Pixel + code GmbH, Am Goldstein 1, 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany,
        pixelandcodegmbh@gmail.com
Data protection officer: Susanne Klein, c/o Beiten Burkhardt Services
        GmbH, Ganghoferstraße 33, 80339 Munich, Germany