Privacy Policy
TRAVEL C2B Corp. prepared this personal information processing policy based on the Information and Communication Network Act, but made efforts to explain the current status of user personal information processing as easily and in detail as possible. This introduced the principle of writing a personal information processing policy using easy terms, the Plain Language Privacy Policy.
When signing up to use the service, TRAVEL C2B Corp. collects the minimum personal information necessary to use the service.
The personal information collected by TRAVEL C2B Corp. from users at the time of membership is as follows:
When registering as a member, "email, password, phone number, nickname, nationality, date of birth" are collected as mandatory items.
Personal information collected from users in the process of using the service is as follows:
User's location information rights for pop-up store access service
Device permissions for QR Scan usage
Device permissions for push notifications
Additional personal information collection may occur only for users of the service in the process of using individual services, applying for events, and applying for prizes within TRAVEL C2B Corp. In addition, when collecting personal information, the user is informed of the "personal information items to be collected, the purpose of collecting and using personal information, and the storage period of personal information" at the time of collecting the personal information.
TRAVEL C2B Corp. collects personal information through the following methods:
When the user agrees to the collection of personal information and directly enters the information in the process of membership registration and service use, the personal information is collected.
During the consultation process through the customer center, the user's personal information can be collected through web pages, emails, faxes, and phones.
When using JumKi, a service provided by TRAVEL C2B Corp., personal information may be collected after obtaining user consent.
Personal information may be collected through events held online.
Personal information is used only for the following purposes, such as managing membership of TRAVEL C2B Corp. (JumKi), developing, providing, and improving services, and establishing a safe product usage environment.
Personal information is used for member management, such as confirming the intention to sign up for membership, identifying users, and confirming the intention to withdraw from membership.
In addition to providing existing services such as content (including advertisements), personal information is used to discover new service elements and improve existing services, such as demographic analysis, analysis of service visits and usage records, formation of relationships based on personal information and interests, and provision of customized services based on acquaintances and interests.
Personal information is used to protect users and operate services such as preventing and sanctioning activities that interfere with smooth operation of services, including illegal activities, preventing account theft and fraudulent transactions, keeping records for dispute settlement, and handling complaints.
Personal information is used for marketing and promotion purposes, such as providing event information, participation opportunities, and advertising information.
Personal information is used for service usage records and frequency analysis, statistics on service usage, service analysis, and customized service provision according to statistics, and advertisement posting.
Personal information is used to establish a service usage environment that users can use with confidence in terms of security, privacy, and safety.
In principle, TRAVEL C2B Corp. does not provide personal information to the outside without user consent. However, if the user directly agrees to provide personal information to use the service of an external affiliate, and if the obligation to submit personal information to TRAVEL C2B Corp. arises in accordance with the relevant laws, personal information is provided only to resolve this.
TRAVEL C2B Corp. entrusts some of its work to provide convenient and better service. In accordance with the Information and Communication Network Act, the entrusted company stipulates and manages and supervises necessary matters to safely process personal information.
Details of consignment: Delivery of goods, return/exchange collection
Holding and using personal information: Until the withdrawal of a member or the termination of an entrustment contract
In principle, the company destroys the user's personal information without delay when leaving the membership. However, if the user has obtained separate consent for the period of personal information storage, or if the law imposes an obligation to store information for a certain period of time, the personal information is kept safely during that period.
The following is the case in which the user has obtained separate consent for the personal information storage period. Records of illegal use such as illegal subscription and disciplinary records are kept and destroyed for 6 months from the time of collection to prevent illegal subscription and use. Illegal transaction records (ID, name, mobile phone number, delivery address, IP address, cookies, and device information) of TRAVEL C2B Corp., which violate related laws and terms of use, such as payment theft and illegal discount loans (aka "Card Cang"), shall be stored and destroyed for three years from the time of collection.
The following are the cases in which laws such as the Consumer Protection Act, the Electronic Financial Transactions Act, and the Communications Secret Protection Act stipulate the storage of information for a certain period of time. During this period, TRAVEL C2B Corp. keeps personal information in accordance with the provisions of the law and will never use this information for any other purpose.
Records concerning the withdrawal of contracts or subscriptions: Keep for five years
Records of payment and supply of goods, etc.: Keep for five years
Records concerning the handling of complaints or disputes by consumers: 3 years of storage
Records of Electronic Finance under the Electronic Financial Transactions Act: Retained for 5 years
Log in to the Communications Secret Protection Act: 3 months
Personal information that has been achieved for the purpose of collecting and using personal information is destroyed in a way that cannot be reproduced, such as withdrawal of members, termination of service, and arrival of personal information retention period agreed by users. Information imposed by laws and regulations on preservation obligations is also destroyed in a way that cannot be reproduced without delay after the expiration of the period.
TRAVEL C2B Corp. does its best to safely manage users' personal information and protects personal information beyond the level required by the Information and Communication Network Act and the Personal Information Protection Act.
Encrypting personal information. (In addition to the password and unique identification information required by the law, email addresses and mobile phone numbers are kept encrypted.)
We keep the personal information handler to a minimum.
Employees who process personal information are managed to a minimum, and the possibility of personal information leakage is reduced by separating employees who can download personal information from the personal information processing system. In addition, through regular training for personal information handlers, occasional training for company employees, and campaigns, we constantly emphasize that the protection of member personal information is the most important value of TRAVEL C2B Corp.
TRAVEL C2B Corp. designates the person in charge of personal information protection and the person in charge of personal information protection as follows for the user inquiries and complaints.
Person in charge of personal information protection
Name: LEEJUN KIM
Position: CTO
Contact: +82 31-8009-0006
Mail: help@travelc2b.com
Person in charge of personal information protection
Name: LEEJUN KIM
Position: CTO
Contact: +82 31-8009-0006
Mail: help@travelc2b.com
If you need to report or consult on other personal information violations, you can contact the following institutions.
Personal Information Infringement Reporting Center (
https://privacy.kisa.or.kr
, +82 118)
Supreme Prosecutors Office Internet Crime Investigation Center (
https://www.spo.go.kr/site/spo/main.do
, +82 1301)
National Police Agency Cyber Terror Response Center (
https://cyberbureau.police.go.kr
, +82 182)
This personal information processing policy is applied to one of the company brands, JumKi, and related services (including mobile web/app), and separate personal information processing policies may be applied to services provided under other brands.
If there is an addition, deletion, or modification of the contents of this personal information processing policy, it will be notified in advance through the "Notice" at least 7 days before the revision. However, if a significant change in the user rights occurs, such as the items of personal information to be collected or the change in the purpose of use, it is notified at least 30 days in advance, and if necessary, the user consent may be obtained again.
Announcement date: June 25, 2024
Effective date: June 25, 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.kisa.or.kr/:
본문내용 바로가기
주메뉴로 바로가기
풋터 바로가기
+ 대국민서비스 바로가기
대표웹사이트
이용안내
신고센터
이용방법
처리절차
타 신고기관 안내
신고·상담
침해 신고·상담 방법
신고·상담 하기
신고 처리상태 확인
기업·공공기관
기술지원
개인정보유출 신고
알림마당
공지사항
이용안내
신고센터
이용방법
처리절차
타 신고기관 안내
신고·상담
침해 신고·상담 방법
신고·상담 하기
신고 처리상태 확인
기업·공공기관
기술지원
개인정보유출 신고
알림마당
공지사항
모바일메뉴닫기
※인증시간이 10분 남았습니다.
개인정보침해 신고·상담
만 14세 미만
신고·상담 신청
만 14세 이상
신고·상담 신청
나의 신고
처리상태 확인
개인정보 바로알기
개인정보보호 온라인 교육
개인정보 열람 요구
개인정보처리방침
찾아오시는 길
고객광장
RSS
전자우편무단수집거부
전자우편 무단수집 거부
본 웹사이트에 게시된 전자우편 주소가
전자우편수집 프로그램
이나 그 밖의 기술적 장치를 이용하여 무단으로 수집되는 것을 거부하며, 이를 위반시
정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관힌 법률에 의해 처벌
받을 수 있습니다.
확인
전자우편 무단수집 거부
본 웹사이트에 게시된 전자우편 주소가
전자우편수집 프로그램
이나 그 밖의 기술적 장치를 이용하여 무단으로 수집되는 것을 거부하며, 이를 위반시
정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관힌 법률에 의해 처벌
받을 수 있습니다.
확인
[나주본원]  58342 전남 나주시 진흥길 9(빛가람동) 한국인터넷진흥원 개인정보침해 신고센터
TEL. 118  /  FAX. 061-820-2619
© 2019 KISA. All rights reserved.
웹접근성 인증 마크