PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting your privacy and take special measures to ensure the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information collected from or about you. This privacy policy explains how we collect, store and use such Personally Identifiable Information.
Please read this policy carefully. You must accept this policy in full in order to use our website or any
our
Product. If you do not agree with this policy, or any part, please do not use our websites or any
our
Products. Your using any of our websites or
our
Products is treated as an acceptance of any of the version of this policy in effect at the time of your use.
We may change this policy at any time, and will post any changes made on the site. Please check it whenever you return to the site. We will treat your continued use of our websites or any
our
Product as acceptance of these changes from their effective date as shown above.
1. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
We collects personally identifiable information when you:
i. Register to use our website, products and/or services;
ii. Complete questionnaires;
iii. Register for contests or giveaways;
iv. Order products and services from us;
v. Subscribe to our newsletters or take part in our promotions, marketing surveys and email campaigns;
vi. Request for customer support and/or other technical services;
vii. Otherwise use our services where personal information is required.
Also, if you access our Products through an integrated and approved Third Party then you are allowing us access to certain information from that Third Party. The information you allow us to access may vary per our Product and across different Third Party platforms and is affected by the privacy settings you have on your computer or internet device and the choices you make with that Third Party.
2. Personally Identifiable Information we collect and store
We collect and store information which our users voluntarily provide via forms or otherwise on our
Products, and in electronic or other communications with us.
You may opt-out of providing any such information by simply choosing not to complete the form requesting the information, and hence choosing not to use that particular service.
3. Other information we collect and store
In addition to login information, we will automatically collect certain non-personal information about your use of our websites, products and services. This includes:
i. IP addresses including time and date
ii. Cookies, local flash data
iii. Statistical information such as the browser type, operating system, redirecting URL, date, time, page used, total time of use, frequency of use, etc.
We use Cookies, collect and store IP-addresses, alphanumeric IDs and other unique identifiers in order to identify specific devices that access the
our
Products. We identify and store the versions of Java and .NET (if any) on your computer along with your browser and operating system, and details of your device's hardware and software specifications.
Sharing of information
We will not be selling or lending personal user information to any organizations or individuals. The exceptional cases are as follow:
a. To provide services which will benefit users, and we will give users the option to both opt in and opt out.
b. When reporting a user to the relevant authorities after illegal and disruptive actions are detected.
5. Usage of the information provided/collect
The information we collect may be used:
i. To provide our customer support service, and to verify any claims or requests you make if you use our customer support service.
ii. To enforce our terms and conditions, and prevent or detect hacking activities, security breaches or safety risks in connection with our websites and
our
Products.
iii. To send service announcements and messages.
iv. To aggregate information to generate anonymous statistics regarding use of the
our
Products. We may share this anonymous information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information.
v. For our own internal marketing and demographic studies and to help us improve our websites or
our
Products or to show you adverts on our site which are relevant to your demographic profile.
vi. In the event of an actual or proposed (including as part of negotiations for any) merger, or business combination or sale of substantially all of our assets or a business operation to which such information relates, or as provided under bankruptcy or applicable insolvency laws or by the enforcement of equitable rights.
vii. To disclose information to the extent required by law, court order, as requested by other government, regulatory or law enforcement authority, to protect or assist in protecting our users, systems or the public, or to otherwise enforce legal rights as determined in our sole and absolute discretion.
viii. If you have agreed on our websites, to send you email newsletters about our games, including new game features and special offers.
ix. As set out elsewhere in our privacy policy.
We care about protecting your privacy, and with the exception of the uses specified above or where you explicitly consent, we will not sell, transfer, rent out, share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other companies.
7. Safeguarding your Personally Identifiable Information
We will only collect Personally Identifiable Information to the extent we believe it reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and will protect it using the same level of safeguards we use to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of our own equivalent proprietary information. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer any Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this policy will agree to provide sufficient protection.
Note that while we strive to protect all our Personally Identifiable Information, we have all heard of data breaches in well-respected financial and governmental institutions and we cannot ever fully guarantee that such breaches will not happen. We will inform you of any material data breaches that we discover that may compromise your Personally Identifiable Information.
8. Privacy Protections for Children
In order to protect the privacy interests of younger Internet users, we do not allow children under the age of 13 to use our services without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. We also provide a number of provisions regarding the personally identifiable information of children. These are that a parent/guardian has the right to review the information the site has collected from their child, have their child’s PII deleted from the site and also request us to stop collecting further PII from their child in the future.
9.
Self-protection measures
Please do not share your account and personal details with another individual. If you are sharing a computer station with someone else, please remember to logout of your account and close the browser.
10.
Contact Us
mail:kittendoll0619@163.com
档铺网——在线文档免费处理