Home
Terms
Privacy
Copyright Policy
ThemeParty
Welcome to this app. Choose any ringtones or sound to edit, cut and create your own ringtone with it
Download
Terms & Conditions
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Huanan Wang.
                Huanan Wang is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.
The
ThemeParty
app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the ThemeParty app won’t work properly or at all.
The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.
Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
You should be aware that there are certain things that Huanan Wang will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider, but Huanan Wang cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that the terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third-party charges.
In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.
Along the same lines, Huanan Wang cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Huanan Wang cannot accept responsibility.
With respect to Huanan Wang’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Huanan Wang accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on iOS – the requirements for the system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Huanan Wang does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
Changes to This Terms and Conditions
I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.
These terms and conditions are effective as of 2022-11-07
Our standard subscriptions are:
Weekly Subscription - $6.99, 3-days free trail
Monthly Subscription - $17.99
Yearly Subscription - $69.99
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at
wellbbys@outlook.com
.
Privacy Policy
Huanan Wang built the
ThemeParty
app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Huanan Wang at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at ThemeParty unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to No. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
              This policy is effective as of 2022-11-07
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
wellbbys@outlook.com
.
Copyright Policy
This Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy ("Policy") applies to the "ThemeParty mobile application ("Mobile Application" or "Service") and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services") and outlines how this Mobile Application developer ("Application Provider", "we", "us" or "our") addresses copyright infringement notifications and how you ("you" or "your") may submit a copyright infringement complaint.
Protection of intellectual property is of utmost importance to us and we ask our users and their authorized agents to do the same. It is our policy to expeditiously respond to clear notifications of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") of 1998, the text of which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website.
Copyright
Copyright is a legal right that protects the original works of authors (e.g., music, videos, etc.). All the contents available in the "ThemeParty" app are copyright protected and owned by ThemeParty and its licensors. We solely preserve the right of the contents and their handling with respect to the app. For the users of the app, we hereby grant a license that is non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and revocable in nature so that users are able to view and use the contents of the app.
Copyright Infringement
We strive to protect proprietary rights of intellectual properties of all persons and entities and are always cautious against any kind of copyright infringement. However, if any content on the "ThemeParty" app is found to be violating anyone's copyrights, or other types of intellectual property rights then we are willing to remove that content in compliance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Our course of action is determined by DMCA. In order to send a DMCA takedown notice to us, a mail has to be sent at wellbbys@outlook.com containing details of the complaint.
A. What to consider before submitting a copyright complaint
Before submitting a copyright complaint to us, consider whether the use could be considered fair use. Fair use states that brief excerpts of copyrighted material may, under certain circumstances, be quoted verbatim for purposes such as criticism, news reporting, teaching, and research, without the need for permission from or payment to the copyright holder. If you have considered fair use, and you still wish to continue with a copyright complaint, you may want to first reach out to the user in question to see if you can resolve the matter directly with the user.
Please note that if you are unsure whether the material you are reporting is in fact infringing, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a notification with us.
We may, at our discretion or as required by law, share a copy of your notification or counter-notification with third parties. If you are concerned about your information being forwarded, you may wish to hire an agent to report infringing material for you.
B. Notifications of infringement
If you are a copyright owner or an agent there of, and you believe that any material available on our Services infringes your copyrights, then you may submit a copyright infringement mail ("Notification") using the contact details below pursuant to the DMCA. All such Notifications must comply with the DMCA requirements. You may refer to a DMCA takedown notice generator or other similar services to avoid making mistakes and ensure compliance with your Notification. Failure to include necessary information may limit our ability to investigate your claims and may result in your complaint being denied.
Filing a DMCA complaint is the start of a pre-defined legal process. Your complaint will be reviewed for accuracy, validity, and completeness. If your complaint has satisfied these requirements, our response may include the removal or restriction of access to the allegedly infringing material.
If we remove or restrict access to materials in response to a Notification of alleged infringement, we will make a good faith effort to contact the affected user with information concerning the removal or restriction of access, which may include a full copy of your Notification (including your name, address, phone, and email address), along with instructions for filing a counter-notification.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any portion of this Policy, the Application Provider reserves
              the right to take no action upon receipt of a DMCA copyright infringement notification if it fails to comply with all the requirements of the DMCA for such notifications.
C. Counter-notifications
A user who receives a copyright infringement Notification may make a counter Notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the US Copyright Act. If you receive a copyright infringement Notification, it means that the material described in the Notification has been removed from our Services or access to the material has been restricted. Please take the time to read through the Notification, which includes information on the Notification we received. To file a counter-notification with us, you must provide a mail with the DMCA requirements. Please note that if you are not sure whether certain material infringes the copyrights of others or that the material or activity was removed or restricted by mistake or misidentification, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a counter-notification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any portion of this Policy, the Application Provider reserves the right to take no action upon receipt of a counter-notification. If we receive a counter-notification that complies with the terms of 17 U.S.C. § 512(g), we may forward it to the person who filed the original Notification. The process described in this Policy does not limit our ability to pursue any other remedies we may have to address suspected infringement.
D. Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms related to the Mobile Application and Services at any time at our discretion. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways at our discretion, such as through the contact information you have provided. An updated version of this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and Services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes.
E. Reporting copyright infringement
If you would like to notify us of the infringing material or activity, we encourage you to contact us via wellbbys@outlook.com
© 2024 ThemeParty
Made with
by
ThemeWagon