FUJISTYLE Privacy Policy
Effective as of September 20, 2024.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") aims to inform you about the content you should be aware of when using the FUJISTYLE APP (hereinafter referred to as "Product" or "Service"):
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
2. How We Share, Transfer, and Disclose Your Personal Information
3. How We Protect Your Personal Information
4. Your Rights
5. How We Handle Minors' Personal Information
6. How Your Personal Information is Transferred Globally
7. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
8. How This Policy is Updated
9. To California Residents
10. To European Users
11. Our Contact Information
We highly value the protection of your personal information and are committed to maintaining your trust in us. We promise to adopt appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with widely applicable industry security standards. It is important to note that this Policy does not apply to products or services provided to you by other third parties. If you use products or services provided by third parties, please pay attention to the user agreements and privacy policies of those third-party products or services. Before using our products and services, please be sure to read and fully understand this Policy.
1.
Helping You Register a FUJISTYLE Account to Become Our Core User
When using this Product and Service, we recommend that you register a FUJISTYLE account to fully utilize all the features of the Product and Service. For this, you may be required to provide a phone number (for real-name authentication)（Currently not available）, create a password, and choose a nickname. After providing the above information and agreeing to the FUJISTYLE
User Agreement
and this
Privacy Policy
, you can access the features and services of FUJISTYLE. If you do not provide the aforementioned information during registration, you will not be able to enjoy certain product features and/or services.
2.
Providing You with Other Related Product Features or Services
To achieve the following product features or services, we may need to collect corresponding personal information from you. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use those specific services.
a.
Customer Service:
When you lodge complaints, inquiries, or appeals with FUJISTYLE, we may need you to provide your name, phone number, email address, and other valid contact information to facilitate communication or help resolve your issues. If you refuse to provide such information, we may be unable to provide timely feedback on relevant processing results.
b.
Personalized Display Services:
To better manage your preferences and provide a more seamless access experience, we will analyze user preferences, habits, location, operational habits, and device information to create user profiles（The border function may be used, but this feature has not yet been developed）. This helps you find more relevant content in the FUJISTYLE community and receive more appropriate recommendations for tools, materials, and ads, reducing the time spent filtering through vast internet content. To this end, we need to collect your device identifier, language and time zone, browser model used with this Product, your application list information, . If you are not interested in our personalized display content, you may disable this feature as described in this Policy.
c.
Maintaining Product Security and Troubleshooting:
To maintain the normal operation of our services, ensure the security of your account, troubleshoot product faults, and improve and optimize our services, we will collect your EXIF data, IMEI, device model information, login IP address, and operational log information. This information is necessary to provide the service and will be anonymized upon collection, not used to identify any specific user. To ensure the effectiveness of facial image processing, our services may use Apple's ARKit and TrueDepth APIs to calculate facial mapping depth-related information. During this time, we will not use the calculation results for other purposes, nor will we capture or upload any data from the files for recording or any other purposes.
d.
Ensuring Account Security:
When you use functions such as password changes, security verification, or appeals, and abnormal operations are detected, we may ask you to provide valid identity information to ensure the security of the aforementioned operations.
e.
Additional Features: Other Third-Party Provided Features:
Given the interconnected nature of modern mobile internet products, this Product may integrate other products or features launched by external partners. We will only store and manage your related information for the purpose of providing the aforementioned features or accessing those features and will not use it for other purposes. If you do not wish to provide such information, you will only be unable to use the related additional features, but you can still use the basic functions and other services of this Product normally. The Product may also integrate other third-party features. FUJISTYLE only provides advertising cooperation or access redirection services. You must carefully read the user agreements and privacy policies of the partner's product or feature before using them. FUJISTYLE will not access your related personal information left when using these products or features.
3.
No Sale of Personal Information
We commit not to sell your personal information, including but not limited to any identity-related content you submit while using FUJISTYLE. This includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, phone number, and any content or data that can directly or indirectly identify you, such as posts, comments, uploaded photos, location data, and more.
If you have any questions about how we handle your personal information or wish to exercise your privacy rights (such as requesting deletion or access to your personal information), please contact us through our provided contact details.
4.
Indirectly Obtaining Your Personal Information from Third Parties
a. When you log in to FUJISTYLE using a third-party account (Apple ID), you can choose to authorize FUJISTYLE to read and obtain the public information (including nickname, avatar) that you have registered, published, or recorded on that third-party platform in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
b. FUJISTYLE needs your authorization to obtain the above information from third parties to recognize you as a FUJISTYLE user and provide you with better products or services. We will only collect and use your personal information within the scope of your authorized consent. After registering or logging in with a third-party account, your third-party account will be bound to your FUJISTYLE account, but you can choose to "unbind" to cancel the account binding.
5.
FUJISTYLE's Use of Your Personal Information in Other Specific Situations
a. If you believe your related rights have been violated, you can file a complaint or report through our published contact methods following our infringement complaint process. During this process, we will require you to provide valid personal identification information to verify the authenticity of the complaint or report. Similarly, if you apply to lift the abnormal status of your FUJISTYLE account, we may also require you to provide valid identification information for verification. This is considered sensitive personal information, and we will take strict confidentiality measures and will not share it with third parties.
b. Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are continuously updated and developed. If we intend to use your personal information for purposes not specified in this Policy or use collected information for other purposes based on specific reasons, we will inform you in a reasonable manner (such as page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc.) and obtain your consent again before using it.
1.
Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
a.
Other Creators and the Public:
Your profile and content are publicly visible and can be seen and used by others.
We may create other ways you can interact and communicate with other creators. The data related to these interactions will be visible by other creators.
b.
Sharing with explicit consent:
With your explicit consent, we may share your personal information with others.
c.
Sharing under legal conditions:
We may share your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, dispute resolution needs, or mandatory requirements from competent government departments or judicial authorities.
d.
To protect the interests of FUJISTYLE and its users or the public:
To the extent required by law, we may provide your personal information to third parties when necessary to protect the interests, property, or safety of FUJISTYLE, its users, or the public.
e.
Sharing with authorized partners:
Certain services will be provided by authorized partners solely to achieve the purposes stated in this Policy. For example, partners may provide promotion services, product analysis services, technical support services, e-commerce platform cooperation, or carrier billing services. We may share your personal information with partners to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you and help us provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share personal information necessary for the provision of services and sign strict confidentiality agreements with partners to require them to handle personal information in accordance with this Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
Our partners include the following types:
i.
Advertising service partners:
We may introduce these partners to help us count and evaluate the effectiveness of online advertisements. We will share certain anonymized personal information with them, such as IP address, encrypted device information (IMEI/IDFA, device model, and language, time zone). We will not share your sensitive personal information with partners.
ii.
E-commerce suppliers:
When you use FUJISTYLE's e-commerce platform or customized services, we may share your order information and other transaction-related necessary information with third-party merchants, such as your order content, username, and contact information, to fulfill your purchase of goods or services and enable subsequent after-sales services.
iii.
Technical support partners:
Partners providing technical support will collect relevant personal information from our users to enable the services they support; partners providing analysis services will collect a small amount of anonymized personal information based on their information security rules to help us count product user distribution and evaluate product promotion effectiveness.
2.
Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
a.
With your explicit consent:
We may transfer your personal information to others with your explicit consent.
In case of mergers, acquisitions, or bankruptcy liquidation:
If personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new entity holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If the collection, processing, or usage of personal information as stipulated by this Policy changes, we will require the new entity to obtain your consent again.
b.
Public Disclosure:
We will only collect or publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
i.
With your explicit consent:
With your explicit consent, we may publicly disclose your personal information.
ii.
Based on legal regulations:
We may disclose your personal information as required by law, regulations, judicial authorities, or administrative authorities.
3. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We will work hard to protect your personal information, but please understand that there is no "perfect security measure" on the Internet. We will provide corresponding security measures as follows to protect your information according to existing technology and provide reasonable security guarantees. We will do our best to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost.
1.
Security Measures:
We have used security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, data exchanged between your browser and "Service" is protected by SSL encryption; we provide secure HTTPS access to the web services associated with our products; we use encryption technology to ensure data confidentiality; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we conduct security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
2.
Data Minimization:
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We promise to keep your personal information storage time within the period required by law or necessary to realize the product's functions and services. Personal information that exceeds this period will be deleted or anonymized.
3.
Secure Communication:
The internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and emails, instant messaging, and other communication methods with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information via such methods. Please use a complex password to help ensure the security of your account.
4.
Internet Security:
Although the internet environment is not 100% secure, we will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us.
5.
Incident Notification:
In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and potential impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to handle it, suggestions for you to take precautionary measures, and any remedial measures for you in accordance with laws and regulations. We will promptly notify you of the incident-related information by email, letter, phone, or push notification. If it is difficult to notify personal information subjects individually, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents as required by regulatory authorities.
Under applicable laws of your jurisdiction, you may have one or more of the rights to your personal information. These rights may include (if relevant):
Access, Deletion, and Correction of Your Personal Information
a.
Access and Correction:
You can access and correct your personal information, nickname, gender, avatar, region, and birthday in your FUJISTYLE account through the editing personal information option.
b.
Opt-out of marketing communications:
You can opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of a marketing email, or by contacting us.
c.
Content Sharing and Deletion:
You can share or delete the information you have published at any time.
d.
Disable Targeted Push:
You can disable targeted push functions (including personalized push materials and targeted advertisements).
e.
Access and Correction of Account Information:
You can access or replace your bound phone number, change your password, view login records, and manage third-party account bindings.
f.
Request Deletion:
In the following circumstances, you can request us to delete your personal information:If we process personal information in violation of laws and regulations;
i. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
ii. If our processing of personal information violates the agreement with you;
iii. If you no longer use our products or services, or you have canceled your FUJISTYLE account;
iv. If we terminate services and operations.
Once these deletion requests are accepted, we will also notify entities that have obtained your personal information from FUJISTYLE to delete corresponding information unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or if those entities have obtained your independent authorization. After you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will delete the information or anonymize it when the backup is updated.
2.
Withdraw Your Authorization
If you wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your other personal information, or if you wish to correct, update, or delete your personal information, you can contact us using the contact information in this Policy. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receiving your email or registered mail and stop collecting, using, and disclosing your personal information. However, please understand and agree that if you withdraw certain authorizations, the related product features will no longer be available. We cannot continue to provide specific functions and/or services corresponding to the withdrawn consent or authorization, and your decision to withdraw the authorization will not affect the personal information processing that was conducted based on your previous authorization.
3.
Account Cancellation
You can cancel your FUJISTYLE account. After verifying your identity and clearing the assets in your account, we will provide account cancellation services for you. Once your cancellation is successful, we will stop providing products or services to you and delete or anonymize your personal information according to applicable laws.
4.
Response to Your Rights Requests
To ensure security, when you make the above rights claims, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will process your request after verifying your identity. Generally, we will respond within [15] days. For reasonable requests, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee at our discretion. For information that is not directly related to your identity, repeated information without reason, or requests that require excessive technical means (for example, needing to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), bring risks to others' legal rights, or are impractical, we may refuse.
We will not respond to your request in the following circumstances as required by laws and regulations:
a. Related to national security or national defense security;
b. Related to public safety, public health, or significant public interests;
c. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;
d. There is sufficient evidence that the subject of the personal information has subjective malice or abuses their rights;
e. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to your legitimate rights and interests or those of other individuals or organizations;
f. Involving commercial secrets.
1.
Protection of Minors:
Our Services are intended for a general audience. As such, they are not directed or targeted toward children under 13 years of age and are not intended for use by children under 13. If we learn that we collected data through our Services from a child under 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it.
2.
Termination of Services:
If your guardian does not agree with your use of our services or the provision of personal information to us in accordance with this Policy, please immediately stop using our services and notify us promptly.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about the use of our products/services by minors under your guardianship or their provision of user information to us, please contact us promptly.
We're based in the People's Republic of China and may use service providers in other countries. Your data may be processed or stored in the People's Republic of China or other countries outside of where you live, which may have data protection laws that are different from those in your country. When we transfer data across borders, we take measures to comply with the relevant data protection laws governing the transfer.
1. If any provision of this agreement is invalid due to conflict with applicable laws, these terms will be interpreted as closely as possible to the original purpose of this agreement, and other provisions of this agreement shall still have full effect.
2. If you have a dispute with us, both parties should try their best to resolve it through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute to the court with jurisdiction in the defendant's domicile to seek a solution.
3. 8. How This Policy is Updated
Our Privacy Policy may be amended in due course based on business adjustments, legal or policy changes. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any changes to this Policy on a dedicated page. For significant changes, we will notify you through pop-up windows, push notifications, or other means within the product or service. If you do not agree with the revised Privacy Policy, you have the right to and should immediately stop using our products or services. If you continue to use our products or services, you will be deemed to have accepted the changes we have made to the relevant terms of this Policy. Significant changes referred to in this Policy include but are not limited to:
1. Changes in the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, or the way personal information is used;
2. Changes in your rights regarding personal information processing and how they are exercised;
3. When a personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a risk.
1. Under the applicable California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information collected by us for business purposes. Please note that this section applies only to people who live in California. Your rights include:
1.
The right to know
about the personal information a business collects about you how it is used and shared;
2.
The right to delete
the information collected from you;
3.
The right to opt-out
of receiving personalized ads;
4.
The right to non-discrimination
for exercising your CCPA rights.
2) Under the applicable General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information collected by us for business purposes. Please note that this section applies only to people who live in EU. Your rights include:
1.
The right to obtain certain information
about our processing, including: the purposes of processing the data; the categories of personal data processed; the recipients who receive your personal data; how long we store your personal data;
2.
The right to receive a copy
of any personal data which we process about you, in a commonly used and machine-readable format;
3.
The right to delete;
4.
The right to restrict data processing
of your personal data;
5.
The right to object to the processing
of your personal data;
6.
The right to withdraw your consent
you have granted to us;
7.
The right to raise a complaint
with the relevant data protection authority, if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us;
8.
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making
in relation to your personal data. We can confirm that we do not use automated decision-making;
9.
The right to be notified
in the event of a personal data breach which is likely to result in a high risk to your rights.
If you have any questions, opinions, suggestions, or complaints about the content of this Policy, you can contact us using the following method: please send an email to the Personal Information Protection Officer at
FUJISTYLEinfo@163.com
.
The services and software are provided'AS-lS." To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties, expressor implied, including the implied warranties of non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.
1. We make no commitments about the content withinthe services. We further disclaim any warranty that:
(A) the services or software will meet your requirements or will be constantly available, uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free;
(B) the results obtained from the use of the services or software will be effective, accurate, or reliable;
(C) the quality of the services or software will meet your expectations; or
(D) any errors or defects in the services or software will be corrected.
2. We specifically disclaim all liability for any actions resulting from your use of anyservices or software. You may use and access the services or software at your owndiscretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computersystem or loss of data that results from the use of and access to any service orsoftware.
3. We are not responsible for the user-generated content that you publicly shared onother websites or social media.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.notion.so/link:
