SpellBee - Spelling Words
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us
It is SpellBee's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our app. This Privacy Policy applies to SpellBee (SpellBee - Daily Word Game) (hereinafter, "us", "we", “App”, “Application” or "SpellBee"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Application. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Application, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Application and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Application. Depending on your activities when using our Application, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Application Users
SpellBee may collect non-personally-identifying information, such as the device type, language preference, referral, and the date and time of each user request. SpellBee's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how SpellBee's users use its App.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing in our App may be delivered to users by advertising partners. We only use Google-approved ad networks to keep your personal information safe and secure in accordance with your preferences.
Aggregated Statistics
SpellBee may collect statistics about the behavior of users of its App. SpellBee may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, SpellBee does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Secure data handling procedures for personal and sensitive user data
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
Developer information and a mechanism to submit inquiries
For all questions regarding this privacy policy and any other relevant requests, you can contact us at hello@appstation.studio
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SpellBee may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SpellBee's sole discretion. SpellBee encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this App after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Last updated June 15, 2024
SpellBee - Spelling Words © 2024