Apple Arcade Privacy Policy
English
日本語
Français
Italiano
Deutsch
Español
한국어
简体中文
繁體中文
Last Updated: November 14, 2024
Definitions
“Apple” means Apple Inc. and its affiliates.
“Company” means Square Enix Co., Ltd and its affiliates.
“Service” means games developed by the Company and offered on Apple Arcade.
“Data” means the gameplay data and UUID of the Service.
Use of Your Data
The Company does not collect or store any Data through this Service.
The Service collects and sends your Data to Apple to store in iCloud for game progression and on Game Center for achievements. By storing your Data in iCloud and Game Center, you can continue to play the Service on different devices.
By using the Service, you consent that your Data will be sent to Apple to store in iCloud and Game Center. If you do not consent to the collection of your Data by the Service and the provision of your Data to Apple, please do not play the Service online.
If you play the Service offline, the Data will be solely stored on your device and will not be shared to the Company nor Apple.
You may also withdraw your consent to store the Data in iCloud and Game Center by (i) turning off iCloud in Apple Settings for the Service; and (ii) signing out of Game Center in Apple Settings.
For information on any data stored by Apple services, please refer to Apple’s privacy policy.
Retention Period
The Company will retain your Data for as long as the Company reasonably requires such Data to provide you with the Service in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise may be required for legal compliance purposes.
Safety Control Measures
The Company will take all necessary and appropriate safety control measures when handling the Data in order to prevent the divulgence, loss, or damage thereof, while also striving to improve these measures.
No advertisements
No advertisements are delivered in the Service.
Application
This Privacy Policy and the collection, provision and storage of the Data shall be applied to all users of the Service.
Inquiries Concerning the Service
Customer service is provided by the Company. Please contact the following e-mail address depending on your location of residence. Your personal information collected through customer service will be treated in accordance with the privacy policy established by each company.
a) United States
SQUARE ENIX, INC.
https://support.na.square-enix.com
b) Japan
SQUARE ENIX CO.,LTD.
https://support.jp.square-enix.com
c) South Korea
SQUARE ENIX LTD.
https://support.eu.square-enix.com
d) All other locations
SQUARE ENIX LTD.
https://support.eu.square-enix.com
Changes to this Policy
The Company may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and in its sole discretion. Your use of the Service following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.