Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 29, 2024
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Clone AI. This Privacy Policy applies to all services offered by ZMOTIONAI PTE. LTD. (“we”, “us” or “our”), including our web site at https://www.zmotionai.com(the “Site”) and our Clone AI mobile application (the “Application”), as well as any online features, services, or programs offered by us (collectively, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy describes the information that we gather from you on the Service, how we use and share such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. Clone AI is a mobile application that lets you make images or videos on your mobile devices and share them with your friends. By using the Service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy and to our Terms of Use.
The Information We Collect
1. Information You Provide. We don’t collect personal information such as name or email address, unless you agree to provide it for receiving our newsletter. We will receive your email address and any other personal information you provide if you choose to send us a customer service-related request.
2. Information We Receive When You Use the Service.
1. Log Data. When you use our services, our servers automatically record certain information from your device. This “log data” may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Service, details of how you use our Service, such as the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Service, the time spent on those pages, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. If you are eligible to receive push notifications and sign up for them, Clone AI will use your location (country) to send you push notifications in a language appropriate to that location.
2. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our Service. This may include sending “cookies” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your device for record-keeping purposes.
3. Videos and Integrated Services. After you create a video using the Application, you may choose to either save the video to your mobile device or upload the video or post a link to the video to various social networking services such as YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram (each, an “Integrated Service.”) The privacy settings on that Integrated Service will apply to that video. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms of use, privacy policies, and privacy settings carefully before connecting them to our Service.
1. You may be required to provide your log-in credentials for each Integrated Service. We don’t collect those credentials; rather, they are stored locally on your device where we can’t see them.
2. When you upload a video to YouTube and you designate the video as public, we store the YouTube video ID and other information about the video, but we do not associate the video ID with a particular user of the Application. If you connect our Service to YouTube, we may also receive your YouTube channel name and related information, such as channels to which you’ve subscribed and videos that you “Like,” and use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy, though we do not store such information.
3. We do not collect the videos you create, although we may view them if you mark them public on your social networking service.
4. In-App Purchases. The Clone AI Application allows for in-app purchases of various features and effects to enhance your videos. We do not collect credit card information or other personal information for these purchases. Rather, the purchase is made through your app store account using the credit card associated with your account. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of such app stores.
How We Use The Information We Collect.
We use information we collect on the Service in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:
1. To operate, maintain, enhance, provide, and personalize all features of the Service and to provide services and information that you request.
2. To understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users; to improve the Service; and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
3. To communicate with you, such as responding to questions and other to provide support to users. If you choose to email us, we use your email address only to respond to your inquiry. We will also send you push notifications if you choose to receive them. If you no longer wish to receive push notifications from us, you can manage your preferences either through your device or app settings, depending on the type of device you use.
4. We also may use your information as may be described in a notice to you at the time the information is collected, or in any other manner to which you consent.
5. We may use the videos and other content you create with the Clone AI Application for commercial purposes, including but not limited to marketing, selling as digital assets, and advertising. This use applies to all content created by users on free plans. Content created by users with active paid subscriptions will not be used for commercial purposes without explicit permission.
When We Disclose Information.
We may disclose information to third parties in the following circumstances:
1. Sharing Your Video with Other Clone AI Users. We may select your video as a “Featured Video” and make it available for other users to view within the Application. If you prefer that your video not be considered for selection, you should mark it as “private” on your social networking service.
2. Service Providers. We may share your information with third party service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, such as to provide website or application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. We share this information subject to appropriate privacy and security measures.
3. Integrated Services. If you connect the Application to an Integrated Service, we will share information with the Integrated Service including photos, videos, messages, ‘Like’ selections, or other information you have affirmatively chosen to share via that service. We do not automatically send photos or videos to any Integrated Service without your direct consent.
4. Third Party Cookies and Other Technologies. We allow our partners to use cookies and other technologies to collect non-personal information on our Services in order to analyze information about visitors’ activities on our Services and help us better understand the use and operation of our Services, and to serve you push notifications from us on your mobile device if you have chosen to receive them.
5. Other Sharing. In addition to the above, we may also share your information with third parties for these limited purposes:
1. To allow a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
2. To respond to legal process (e.g. a court order or subpoena), if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to do so; to comply with requirements of mandatory applicable law; to take precautions against liability or investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to protect the safety of any person; to protect our rights and property, including to enforce the Terms and Conditions; and to address fraud, security or technical issues;
3. We may also share your information in the manner disclosed to at the time the information is collected, or in any other manner to which you consent.
Face Data Collection and Usage
Clone AI values the privacy of its users and is committed to protecting their personal information. This section of our Privacy Policy outlines the collection, usage, storage, and retention of face data by our app, Clone AI.
Collection of Face Data
Clone AI’s scanner feature captures multiple photos of a person’s face from different angles using selfies you upload into the app.
Usage of Face Data
The photos of a person’s face captured by Clone AI are archived and sent to our servers for processing. The processing involves training machine learning models to generate personalized images that include the person’s face. This data is used to enhance the app’s features and provide a more personalized experience for the user. It is important to note that this process is similar to what many of our competitors undertake, albeit in a less efficient and convenient manner by manually selecting selfies from the gallery.
Sharing of Face Data
Clone AI does not share face data with any third parties, and we have no plans to do so. We prioritize the confidentiality and security of our users’ information.
Storage of Face Data
All face data collected by Clone AI is securely stored on our private servers. We take appropriate measures to safeguard the data and ensure its protection against unauthorized access or disclosure.
Retention of Face Data
Face data is retained only as long as the user actively uses the Clone AI app. Once the user stops using the app, the face data is automatically deleted. Additionally, users have the ability to delete their face data directly within the app through the provided “delete” button, giving them control over their personal information. Please note that while we strive to take reasonable steps to protect user data, no method of transmission or storage can guarantee absolute security. Users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their login credentials and are encouraged to report any suspicious activity or concerns regarding their privacy.
Data Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk.
Data Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Links
We may display links or content that links to third party websites and services. We cannot control or be held responsible for third parties’ privacy practices and content. Please read their privacy policies to find out how they collect and process your personal information.
International Visitors
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations, we will provide a more prominent notice. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
Data Retention
The company will retain the personal information collected only for such period as is reasonably necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected and listed above or to comply with any legal requirements, including statutory retention periods.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your personal information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at support@zmotionai.com