欢乐斗地主
(
Happy Poker
)
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
20
August
2024
Thank
you
for using our products and services! We respect your
concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in us.
Please note that this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”)
only applies to
欢乐斗地主
(
Happy
Poker
,
the “
Service
”)
. If you use any other products
or services,
please refer to the
privacy policy for that particular product or service
.
If you have any questions about
anything in this Privacy Policy, or want to exercise any rights you may have,
our contact information can be found
here
.
For
the purpose of data protection laws
,
the data controller of
your personal information in relation to the Service is Proxima Beta Pte.
Limited
.
SUMMARY
Here is a summary of the
information contained in this Privacy Policy. You can find more detail by
clicking ‘
More Information
’.
What information do we need to be able to provide
  the Service?
In relation to the Service:
·
If
  you register an account to use the Service then we will need some information
  from you to set this up. This includes your username, IP address and your
  device information. We will also generate an Open ID, which is an internal ID
  for your account.
·
To
  maintain the smooth operation of the Service (which includes activities such as
  from addressing bugs or malicious activity through to improving
  functionality), we will process customary device and network information
  (such as IP address and device specifications, as well as app- and
  OS-generated identifiers).
·
To
  enable you to enquire about in-app purchase records, we will collect your
  recharge and consumption records from the last 30 days.
·
If you need to get in touch with us, we will
  retain some information (such as your player identity information, device
  information and interactions with our help services) so that we can
review and respond to
your concerns.
More
  Information
.
How will we use your information?
·
We
  use your information to set up your account, enable you to use the Service, improve
  your game experience, facilitate in-app purchases, ensure the safe and secure
  operation of the Service, address bugs, optimise and improve the Service,
  protect users, resolve user queries, and allow us to get in touch with you.
·
We also use your information
to comply with our legal
  obligations and enforce our legal rights.
More
  Information
.
Who do we share your information with?
·
We
  use third parties and work with our affiliates to help us deliver the best
  possible experience (such as for data analytics purposes as well as for facilitating
  in-app purchases
and customer support).
·
All third
  party service providers providing services for us are prohibited from
  retaining, using, or disclosing your personal information for any purpose
  except where strictly necessary for the Service (i.e., to fulfil the
  purpose(s) described above).
·
In some
  cases we may be required by a court or be under a legal obligation (such as a
  valid search warrant or subpoena) to disclose certain information.
More
  Information
.
Where
  do we process your information?
·
We
  may transfer data outside of the location in which you are based for the
  purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
·
We
  have servers for the Service in Singapore. We also have support, engineering
  and other teams who may support the Service, including from Singapore.
·
For EEA/UK
  users, transfers between our affiliates and to third parties use applicable
  safeguards, such as incorporating standard contractual clauses, or taking
  into account adequacy assessments.
More
  Information
.
How long do we keep your information?
·
Unless
  otherwise required or permissible by applicable laws, we retain your
  information for the period during which you maintain an account for the
  Service, or for so long as the information is needed to fulfil the purpose
  for which it was collected (as further described in this Privacy Policy). We
  then delete or anonymise such data, in accordance with applicable laws.
More
  Information
.
How can I exercise my rights over my information?
·
Certain
  jurisdictions offer users specific rights with respect to their information, so
  you may have a right to access or receive a copy of your data, or to delete
  your data or restrict or object to our processing of your data.
More
  Information
.
How will we notify you of
  changes?
·
Changes
  to this Privacy Policy will be posted here. We will also notify you of
  changes in accordance with relevant legal requirements.
More
  Information
.
Welcome to
欢乐斗地主
(
Happy
Poker
)
!
This
Privacy Policy
explains the
when
,
how
and
why
when it comes
to the processing
of your personal
information
in connection
with
欢乐斗地主
(Happy Poker
,
the “
Service
”), and sets out your choices and rights in relation to that
information. Please read it carefully – it will allow you to understand how we
collect and use your information, and how you can control it.
Please note that this Privacy
Policy only applies to the Service. If you use any other products or services
please refer to the privacy policy for that particular product or service.
If you do not agree to the processing of your personal
information in the way this
Privacy Policy
describes, please do not provide your information when
requested and stop using
the Service.
By using the Service you are acknowledging how we process your personal
information as described in this
Privacy Policy
.
For the purpose of data protection
laws, the data controller of your personal information in relation to the Service
is Proxima Beta Pte.
Limited
(“
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”).
If you have any questions about
anything in this Privacy Policy, or want to exercise any rights you may have,
our contact information can be found
here
. You can also reach out to our
data protection officer at
dpo_happypoker@levelinfinite.com
.
We have representatives for data protection purposes listed
here
.
1.
Children
Children must not use the Service for
any purpose. By children, we mean users under the age of 18 years old; or in
the case of a region where the minimum age for processing personal information
differs, such different age.
We do not knowingly collect personal
information from children for any purpose. If you believe that we have personal
information of a child under these ages without lawful consent, or if you are
the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw consent, please
contact us
.
2.
How We Process Your Personal Information
This
section provides more detail on the types of personal information we collect
from you, and why.
To the
extent required under applicable data protection law, it also identifies the
legal basis under which we process your data.
Personal Information
Use
Legal Basis (where applicable)
Information
  you provide to us (either directly or through a third party)
Account
  registration information
:
·
Identity information: OpenID, username
·
Device information: Screen resolution, CPU
  architecture, device system version, screen orientation
·
IP address
·
When you login with WeChat
:
  WeChat profile picture and username / nickname information, device model
  information (e.g. iPhone 15)
We
  use identity information to:
·
create your account for the Service and for login
  purposes; and
·
conduct daily statistic analysis (e.g. on the
  number of active users) to improve the game.
Account
  registration: Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the
  Service.
Daily
  statistic analysis: It is in our legitimate interest to improve the Service.
We
  use device information to maintain the smooth operation of the game,
  including debugging.
It
  is in our legitimate interest to ensure the security of our Service.
We
  use IP address to monitor cheating and other malicious activities in the
  Service.
It is in our legitimate interest to use this information to detect and
  prevent cheating behaviours in the Service.
Information collected and generated as part of the
  Service
Game data:
·
Identity information: OpenID, game account (used
  by players when they log in to the game)
·
Device information: CPU usage rate, WiFi SSID,
  CPU model, GPU information, device system version, WIFI address
·
Other information: Application version, application
  package name, process name, IP address, network type, operator name, login
  channel ID, game log information (item log, operation information, game match
  information, dating information, etc.)
We use device information to:
·
ensure your normal use of the game,
  maintain the normal operation of the game
functions
; and
Necessary to perform our contract with you to
  provide the Service.
·
optimize the performance of this game
  product based on your device terminal and network status, improve your gaming
  experience, and ensure the security of your account.
It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the
  security of our Service and to optimize the gaming experience for you.
We use identity information to locate
  bugs and potential problems in the Service to improve the Service and its
  functionality.
It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the
  security of our Service and to optimize the gaming experience for you.
We use the other information to
  enable you to use the Service normally and to analyze game security and
  vulnerabilities.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to
  provide the Service.
Payment data (in-app via Midas, Google Play or App Store):
·
Identity information: OpenID
·
Other information: IP address,
  recharge records and consumption records from the last 30 days
If you make in-app purchases using Midas, Google Play or App Store, we
  collect your recharge and consumption information to:
·
answer your enquiries about your
  transactions; and
Necessary to perform our contract
  with you to faciliate in-app purchases.
·
monitor and combat illegal purchasing
  activities.
It is in our legitimate interests to
  ensure the integrity of the Service and protect users from prohibited
  conduct.
Customer support information (in app and email):
·
Identity information: OpenID, telephone number
  (optional), game account
（
used by players when they log in to the game
）
and
username
·
Device information: device name, Whether it is
  running in the simulator
·
Other information: In-game screenshots,
  application package
This will be processed
  momentarily but will not
be stored on
  our servers.
We use this
  information to verify your identity and
respond
to your enquiries
  and resolve the issues identified.
Necessary to perform our contract
  with you to provide customer support for the Service.
Reporting information:
·
Identity information: OpenID
·
Other information: Game behaviour information,
  such as
item ID, item number, game
  mode, game length, views and clicks of different modules of the game
We use this
  information to conduct data analysis in order to understand users’ gaming
  preferences, improve users’ game experience and to detect abnormalities.
It is in our legitimate interest
to ensure the functioning of, and improve, the
  Service.
Performance optimisation data:
·
Identity information: OpenID
·
Device information:
CPU model, CPU usage rate, device system
  version, screen orientation, screen resolution, RAM, ROM, device
  manufacturer, CPU architecture, device model, device standard
·
Other information:
Network Type
We use this information to:
·
optimize the gaming experience; and
It is in our legitimate interest t
o ensure the functioning of, and improve, the
  Service.
·
to quickly locate problems and perform
  troubleshooting.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the Service.
Game experience
  data:
·
Identity information: OpenID
·
Device information: Screen
  resolution, CPU model, CPU architecture, disk information, device model
·
Other information: Network type
This information
  is processed momentarily but is not stored on our servers.
We
  use this information to improve users’ gaming experience and to improve the
  Service.
It is in our legitimate interest t
o ensure the functioning of, and improve, the
  Service.
Anti-cheating
  information:
Information retrieved from game logs,
  such as Open ID, device information (e.g. CPU usage rate, WiFi SSID, CPU
  model, GPU information, device system version, WIFI address), gameplay data
We
  use this information to provide a fair environment, and ensure the security
  and safety of the services of the game (through anti-cheat functions like
  cheating countermeasure and detection based on game replay).
It is in our legitimate interest to use this information to detect and
  prevent cheating in the Service.
Game profile
  data:
Nickname, userID, in-game currency amount and game play statistics
  (e.g. level, scores, match history)
If
  you enable this feature, we use this information to allow other players to
  view your game profile.
It is in our legitimate interest to allow players to access all
  features of the Service and provide an enjoyable gaming experience.
3.
How We Store and Share Your Personal Information
We may transfer data outside of the location in
which you are based for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We
have servers for the Service in Singapore.
The
servers applicable to your use of the Service will depend upon
your choice of server and/or location.
We also have support, engineering and other teams
who may support the Service, including from Singapore.
For EEA/
UK
users,
transfers between our affiliates
and to third parties use applicable safeguards, such as incorporating standard
contractual clauses, or taking into account adequacy assessments
.
Only where necessary
will we share your personal information with third parties. Situations where
this occur are
:
·
Third parties
that provide services in support of the Service
, including
providers of services
that process information identified in
this policy for the purpose of providing the Service.
All third party service providers
providing services for us are prohibited from retaining, using, or disclosing
your personal information for any purpose except where strictly necessary for
the Service (i.e., for the purpose(s) described above)
.
·
Companies within our corporate group
who
process your personal information solely for the purpose of providing the Service
to you, which may include facilitating purchases and for customer support
purposes. All such group companies may only use your personal information in
accordance with this
Privacy Policy
.
Regulators, judicial authorities and law enforcement agencies.
There are circumstances in which we may be legally required to
disclose information
about
     you, such as to comply with legal obligations or processes. In complying
with the terms of valid legal processes,
     such as a subpoena, or search warrant, unfortunately we may not be able to
     seek your consent to or notify you in advance of such disclosure.
Third
     parties to ensure safety, security, or compliance with laws
. We may
     disclose your information to:
enforce
      our terms and conditions and other agreements, including investigation of
      any potential violation thereof;
detect,
      prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect
      the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the
      public as required or permitted by law (such as exchanging information
      with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud
      protection and credit risk reduction).
A third party that acquires all or substantially all of us or our
     business.
We may also disclose your information to third parties
     if we either: (a) sell, transfer, merge, consolidate or re-organise any
     part(s) of our business, or merge with, acquire or form a joint venture
     with, any other business, in which case we may disclose your data to any
     prospective buyer, new owner, or other third party involved in such change
     to our business; or (b) sell or transfer any of our assets, in which case
     the information we hold about you may be sold as part of those assets and
     may be transferred to any prospective buyer, new owner, or other third
     party involved in such sale or transfer.
4.
The Security of Your Personal Information
We have information security and access policies that limit access to
our systems and technology, and we protect data through the use of
technological protection measures such as encryption.
Unfortunately, the
transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although
we will implement and maintain reasonable measures to protect your personal information,
we cannot guarantee the security of the information transmitted through the Service
or otherwise via the Internet; any transmission is
at
your own risk
.
5.
Data Retention
We do not keep your data for longer than is
necessary to fulfil the relevant purpose described
above
unless we are required or permitted to do so under
law.
If we retain
your information beyond the retention periods set out below, for example to
comply with applicable laws, we will store it separately from other types of
personal information.
For further details on how long we keep your data, please refer to the
time periods set out below.
Personal Information
Retention Policy
In relation to the Service
Account
  registration information
Game data
Payment
  data
Reporting
  data
Performance
  optimisation data
Anti-cheating
  information
Game
  profile data
Stored for the lifetime of
your use of
the Service and then deleted within
  30 days thereafter or deleted manually within 30 days from our receipt of your
  account deletion request (whichever is earlier)
.
Customer
  support information
Game
  experience data
We do not
  store this data.
6.
Your Rights
Some
jurisdictions’ laws grant specific rights to users of the Service.
Please refer
to the Supplemental Jurisdiction-Specific Terms, or the applicable laws in your
jurisdiction, for an overview of specific rights that apply to persons subject
to data protection laws in the listed jurisdictions and how these can be
exercised.
You may have certain rights in
relation to the personal information we hold about you. Some of these only
apply in certain circumstances (as set out in more detail below). You can
exercise some of these rights directly by accessing and updating the
information in your account. If you believe we hold any other personal
information about you, please
contact us
.
Access
You may have the right to access
personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it
with. You can access the personal information you have made available as part
of your account by logging into your account.
Portability
You may have the right to receive a copy of certain personal
information we process about you. For example, in certain jurisdictions this
can comprise personal information we process pursuant to our contract with you
(e.g., username), as described above in the section “
How We Use Your Personal Information
”.
We will provide further
information to you about transferring this data if you make such a request.
Correction
You may have the right to correct personal information we hold
that is inaccurate. You can access the personal information we hold about you
by logging into your account.
Erasure
You may be
able to delete your account, or remove certain personal information that we
hold about you.
We may need to
retain personal information if there are valid grounds under data protection
laws for us to do so (for example, for the defence of legal claims or freedom
of expression) but we will let you know if that is the case. Where you have
requested that we erase personal information that has been made available
publicly on the Service and there are grounds for erasure, we will use
reasonable steps to try to tell others that are displaying the personal
information or providing links to the personal information to erase it too.
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You may have a right to require that
we stop processing the personal information we hold about you (other than for
storage purposes in certain circumstances). Please note, however, that if we
stop processing the personal information, we may use it again if there are
valid grounds under data protection laws for us to do so (for example, for the
defence of legal claims or for another’s protection). Where we agree to stop
processing the personal information, we will take steps to tell any third party
to whom we have disclosed the relevant personal information so that they can
stop processing it too.
Objection
You may have
the right to object to our processing of your personal information. If you wish
to do so, please contact us
using
the contact details at
Section 7 (Contact)
, and
we will consider your request
.
Consent Withdrawal
To the extent provided by applicable laws and
regulations, you may withdraw consent you previously provided to us for certain
processing activities by contacting us at
Section
7 (Contact)
.
Where
consent is required to process your personal information, if you do not consent
to the processing or if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to deliver
the expected service.
Please note
that the right to withdraw consent is only available if the legal basis for
processing information is consent.
Announcements
We may from time to time send you
announcements when we consider it necessary to do so (for example, when we
temporarily suspend access to the Service for maintenance, or security, privacy
or administrative-related communications). These are essential system and
service-related announcements and you are not able to opt-out of these notifications,
which are not promotional in nature.
7.
Contact
Please get in touch with us
if you have any questions.
You can reach
us in the first instance at:
Email:
dpo_happypoker@levelinfinite.com
Mailing Address:
Tencent
International Privacy & Data Protection Centre
30 Raffles Place #19-01
Singapore
048622
We
will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without
prejudice to any right you may have to launch a claim with a data protection
authority in the region in which you live or work where you think we have
infringed data protection laws.
8.
Changes
If we make any changes to
this Privacy Policy we will post the updated Privacy Policy here. Please check
this page frequently to see if there are any updates or changes to this Privacy
Policy.
9.
Language
Except as otherwise prescribed by law,
in the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the English version
and local language version of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall
prevail.
Our Representatives in Certain
Jurisdictions
Jurisdiction
Representative
Address
Contact details
EU
Proxima Beta
  Europe B.V.
Buitenveldertselaan
1
-5,
1082 VA, Amsterdam
, the Netherlands
dpo_happypoker@levelinfinite.com
UK
Image
  Frame Investment (UK) Limited
4th Floor 80 Strand, London,
  United Kingdom WC2R 0RL
dpo_happypoker@levelinfinite.com
Thailand
Tencent (Thailand) Company Limited
8 T-One Building, Floor 10th, 11th &
  12th (Unit 3-5), Soi Sukhumvit 40, Sukhumvit Road,
Khwaeng Phra Khanong, Khet Khlong Toei,
  Bangkok 10110, Thailand
dpo_happypoker@levelinfinite.com
Türkiye
Özdağıstanli Ekici
  Avukatlık Ortaklığı.
Nidakule
  Ataşehir Kuzey Begonya Sok.
No:3 Kat. 17 D: 162 34746 Ataşehir / İstanbul, Türkiye
Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı
  is our data controller representative and its authority is limited to the
  authorities stipulated under the Law on Protection of Personal Data w. no
  6698. Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is
  not authorised for any other matters such as in-game conduct, suspensions,
  investigations, civil or criminal complaints.
turkeydatarep_proximabeta@iptech-legal.com
Serbia
Karanovic &
  Partners o.a.d. Beograd
Resavska 23, Belgrade, 11000, Serbia
local.representative@karanovicpartners.com
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS –
JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC
Some jurisdictions’ laws contain additional terms for users of the
Service, which are set out in this section. If you are a user located in one of
the jurisdictions below, the terms set out below under the name of your
jurisdiction apply to you in addition to the terms set out in our
Privacy
Policy
above.
Indonesia
By accepting and consenting to this
Privacy Policy
, you agree
that we may collect, use and share your personal information in accordance with
this
Privacy
Policy
, as revised from time to time. If you do not agree to this
Privacy Policy
, you must not
access or use our services and we have the right to not provide you with access
to our services.
In the event we fail to maintain the
confidentiality of your personal information in the Service , we will notify
you through the contact information provided by you or via the Service, to the
extent required by local laws and regulations.
You
are responsible for making
sure that any personal details which you provide to us are accurate and
current. In order to confirm the accuracy of the information, we may also
verify the information provided to us, at any time. You hereby represent that
you have secured all necessary consent(s) before providing us with any other
person’s personal information (for example, for referral promotions), in which
case we will always assume that you have already obtained prior consent, and as
such, you will be responsible for any claims whatsoever from any party arising
as a result of the absence of such consent(s).
Malaysia
Right of
access
:
You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your personal
information that we have collected and is being processed by or on behalf of
us.
We reserve
the right to impose a fee for providing access to your personal information in
the amounts as permitted under law.
When handling a data access request, we are
permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the
requester to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data
access request.
Right of
correction
:
You may request for the correction of your personal information. When handling
a data correction request, we are permitted to request for certain information
to verify the identity of the requester to ensure that he/she is the person
legally entitled to make the data correction request.
Right to
limit processing of your personal information
:
You may
request to limit the
processing of your personal information by using the contact details provided
above. However, this may affect our provision of the
Service
to you.
To
protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to
your
personal information,
we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and
protecting your personal information.
Our data protection officer, responsible
     for the management and safety of your personal information
Telephone: +603-22872388
Email:
dpo_happypoker@levelinfinite.com
Philippines
You are entitled to the following rights:
Right
     to be informed.
You may in certain circumstances have the
     right to be informed whether personal data pertaining to you is being, or
     has been processed, including the existence of automated decision-making
     and profiling.
Right
     to object.
You may in certain circumstances have the
     right to object to the processing of your personal information, including
     processing for automated processing or profiling.
Right
     to access.
You may in certain circumstances have the
     right to seek reasonable access to, upon request, your personal information.
Right
     to rectification.
You may in certain circumstances have the
     right to dispute an inaccuracy or error in your personal information and
     have us correct it, unless the request is vexatious or otherwise
     unreasonable.
Right
     to erasure or blocking.
You may in certain circumstances have the
     right to suspend, withdraw or seek the blocking, removal or destruction of
     your personal information.
By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you
consent to us:
·
collecting and processing your personal
information as described in
Section
2 (How We Process Your Personal Information)
;
·
sharing your personal information with third
parties, companies within
our corporate
group,
and a third party that acquires substantially all or substantially all of us or
our business, as described in this Privacy Policy and for the purposes stated
herein; and
·
transferring or storing your personal
information in destinations outside the Philippines as described in
Section
3 (How We Store and Share Your Personal Information)
Serbia
Our
designated local representative in Serbia is Karanovic & Partners for the
purposes of compliance with the Law on Personal Data Protection, and can be
contacted at local.representative@karanovicpartners.com. Please include the
word “Serbia” in the subject line of your email.
Name: Karanovic & Partners o.a.d. Beograd
Address:
     Resavska 23, Belgrade, 11000, Serbia
Telephone
     Number: +381 11 3094 200
E-mail:
local.representative@karanovicpartners.com
Singapore
By accepting this Privacy Policy,
you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal data as set out
in this Privacy Policy, including cross-border transfer of your
information to any country or
region where we have databases or affiliates and, in particular, the locations
specified
in
Section 3 (How We Store and Share Your
Personal Information)
. In situations where consent is not obtained, Proxima
Beta collects, uses, or discloses personal data in accordance with an exception
under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 or as required or authorized by any
other applicable law.
You have the right to access your
personal information, how we use it, and who we share it with. You have the
right to correct any of your personal information that is inaccurate.
Our designated data protection officer for the purposes
of compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 can be
contacted here
.
Thailand
By accepting this
Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to
the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, you must not
use the Service.
To the extent provided for by the Thai
Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), you may:
·
withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data
(only where the legal basis for our processing is consent); however, please
note that where consent is required to process your personal data, we may not
be able to deliver the expected service without it;
·
request us to provide you access to, make any correction to, cease
any automated processing or profiling (if applicable), discontinue, restrict
the use or provision of and/or erase your personal data;
·
request us to provide you or a third party with your personal data
which is stored by us in a machine readable format; and/or
·
lodge a complaint to a relevant authority.
Where you wish to make such requests, please
contact us
.
The contact details
of our designated local representative in Thailand for the purposes of
compliance with the PDPA is
as set out in
Section 7 (Contact)
and
can be contacted via email. Please include
the word “Thailand” in the subject line of your email.
Türkiye
You have legal
rights,
which are set forth in Article 11 of
the Turkish Law on Personal Data Protection Law (“
DPL
”),
in relation to
the personal information data we hold about you. As a Turkish data subject, you
may have the right to apply to the data controller and (to the extent permitted
under applicable laws and regulations):
learn whether or not your personal data
     has been processed;
request information about processing if
     your personal data has been processed;
learn the purpose of processing of your
     personal data and whether they have been used accordingly;
know the third parties in the country or
     abroad to whom personal data has been transferred;
request rectification in the event
     personal data is incomplete or inaccurate and to demand the operations in
     this regard be reported to third parties your personal data has been
     transferred to;
request deletion or destruction of
     personal data within the framework of the conditions set forth under
     Article 7 of the DPL and to demand the operations in this regard be
     reported to third parties your personal data has been transferred to;
object the occurrence of any consequence
     that is to your detriment by means of analysis of personal data solely
     through automated systems; and
demand compensation for the damages that
     you have suffered as a result of unlawful processing of your personal
     data.
In
accordance with Article 9 of the DPL, your personal data may be transferred
abroad as follows:
Identity of the overseas recipient
Location of the recipient (or as otherwise stated in the
  recipient’s privacy policy)
Purposes of use of Personal Information by the recipient
Items of Personal Information to be provided
Tencent Cloud
(
cloudlegalnotices@tencent.com
)
Singapore
Storage of personal
  information
All personal information
  collected
Midas
Singapore
In-app purchases
Payment data
United States
For purposes of this
section, “personal information” and “sensitive personal information” have the
meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by
the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) (“
CCPA
”), and respectively
include the terms “personal data” and “sensitive data” as defined in the
Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal
Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (“
CTDPA
”), the Utah Consumer Privacy
Act (“
UCPA
”) and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“
VCDPA
”),
(collectively, “
US State Laws
”).
Collection and
Disclosure of Personal Information
Over
the past 12 months, we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose the
following categories of personal information from or about you or your device
:
Identifiers, such as your username,
     Open ID / role ID, IP address. This information is collected directly from
     you and your device.
Personal information categories
     listed in the California Customer Records statute, including information
     covered by other categories such as you phone number. This information is
     collected directly from you.
Internet or other electronic
     network activity information, such as your information regarding your use
     of the Service and game behaviour information. This information is
     collected directly from you and your device.
Commercial information about any transactions
     within the Service such as what products were purchased and how much they
     cost. This information is collected directly from you and your device.
Account log-in information,
     including the username used to access your Service account.
We collect and disclose your personal information for the following
purposes:
To
     provide you with the Service, maintain your account, provide customer
     service, provide consumption records.
To
     improve our services, including the functionality of the
Service
.
For
     security and verification purposes, including to prevent and detect
     fraudulent activity.
To
     address and remediate technical issues and bugs.
For additional information about what
each type of personal information is used for, see
Section 2 (How We Process Your
Personal Information)
.
We disclose each of the categories of personal information that we
collect to the following types of entities as described in
Section 3 (How We Store and Share Your
Personal Information)
.
In the past 12
months, we have not sold or shared personal information of California residents
within the meaning of “sold” and “Share” in the CCPA. And we have no knowledge
of any sale or sharing of personal information of users under 16 years of age.
In addition, we
do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than
to perform the services reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests
those services or as otherwise permitted by US State Laws.
Retention of
Your Personal Information
The retention period varies among the
different categories of data collected.
For detailed information about the retention period for any specific
category of data, see this
chart
in the main portion of the Privacy Policy.
Rights
under US State Laws
Depending
on where you live, you may have some or all of the rights listed below in
relation to information that we have collected about you. However, these rights
are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as
permitted by law:
Right to Access/Know.
Request we confirm whether we process information about you and
     give you access to that information. You may also request to receive that
     information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily
     usable format that allows you to transmit the information to another
     business without impediment. If you are a California resident, you may
     request the following information about our collection, use and disclosure
     of your information:
the categories of personal information about
      you that we collected;
the categories of sources from which the
      personal information was collected;
the business or commercial purposes for
      collecting personal information about you;
the categories of third parties to whom we
      disclosed personal information about you and the categories of personal
      information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for
      disclosing the personal information about you; and
the specific pieces of personal information
      we collected about you;
Request
to
     Delete.
Request we delete
personal information we collected
from
you
;
Request to Correct.
Request we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain
     about you;
and
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights
     including providing a different level or quality of services or denying
     goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the US State
     Laws.
How to Exercise Your
Rights
First,
you may wish to log into your account and manage your data from there. Depending
on where you live, you may also exercise your rights, you may also exercise
your rights, if any, regarding other data by contacting us as specified in
Section 7 (Contact)
. We may take
steps to verify your identity before complying with your request to protect
your privacy and security, and may decline your request if we are unable to
verify your identity.
To verify your
identity, we may need the following information from you: your first name, last
name, address, phone number, date of birth and email address.
Depending
on where you live
, you may
exercise these rights yourself or you may also designate an authorized agent to
make these requests on your behalf.
In
order for us to process the request, you must provide the authorized agent with
signed written permission.
We reserve
the request to require the agent to verify their own identity and to confirm
directly with you that you have provided the authorized agent permission to
submit the request.
In
addition, where applicable, we will provide you with more information about our
appeal process. When you submit a request or launch an appeal, we will limit
our collection of your information to only what is necessary to securely fulfil
your request or process your appeal. We will not require you or your authorized
agent to pay a fee for the verification of your request or appeal.
Questions
If you have questions or concerns
regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us
as set out in
Section
7 (Contact)
.