Teuteuf Games
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your sensitive information, we provide this
notice explaining our online information practices and how they relate specifically in regard of
what type or quantity data might be collected from you by way of using the website at any given
time during browsing sessions on either desktop computers, tablets, or mobile devices.
Our Commitment
We do not collect any personal information on this site. Third party vendors may use cookies
to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites. Google’s use
of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their
visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized
advertising.
Information We Collect
We collect the IP address and click patterns of our users for a
period, but this data is never sold or shared with anyone else. We use it to see how people
interact online so that we can make improvements on what they experience in their user interface
(UI). Our email addresses are kept only as long as necessary; when responding back from customer
inquiries or feedback–we do not reuse those same respondents’ names again next time around!
Third Party Services
We collect generic website analytics by way of website browser and
cookies. Our analytics data collected is anonymous. We may work with third-party advertising
companies to deliver ads when you visit our site. These firms may use aggregated information
about your internet activity and other websites that are visited in order provide advertisements
relevant for you on this platform only, but not including any personal details such as name or
address.
We use a third-party to provide monetization technologies for our site. You can review their
privacy and cookie policy
here
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Manage your consent by way of the CCPA
Do not share my Personal
Information.
Log Data
We collect certain log data whenever you access our website or services. The information we
collect may include your IP address, device name and version as well as the time you utilize our
service. We use these and other statistics to help us provide improvements to the website.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app/website may use third
party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being
sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
portions of this Service.
Contact
We would love to hear from you! Whether you have a concern or simply want to say hello, please
get in touch with us.