Privacy Statement, Cookies & Disclaimer
Version: August 2022
A. Privacy statement
Nedap respects the privacy of people. This means that Nedap handles personal data with care and treats it in a transparent and professional manner.
In this Privacy Statement, Nedap informs you about the way in which Nedap processes your personal data and what your rights are. The Privacy Statement is applicable to all personal data submitted to Nedap via the website and within the framework of the services. The personal data will be used exclusively for the purposes described below or as otherwise indicated at the time of collection.
Insofar as a separate (processor) agreement has been or will be concluded for the use of the services of Nedap, the provisions of the agreement and associated processor agreement regarding the processing of personal data take precedence over the provisions of this Privacy Statement.
The legal basis for the collection, use and processing of the personal data is to execute the contract, to fulfil statutory obligations, because you have given your consent or because this is necessary on the basis of Nedap’s legitimate interest.
1. Definitions
Below are a few definitions of frequently used terms in this statement:
Nedap
: Nedap N.V., established at Parallelweg 2, 7141 DC Groenlo, the Netherlands;
Personal data
: any data about a natural person or data that can be traced back to a specific person such as first name, surname, date of birth, IP address, location data or address;
Processing of personal data
: every act with regard to the handling of personal data, for example collecting, recording, passing on, destroying or archiving;
Cookies
: are small pieces of information (little files) that a website leaves behind on your device (for example, your computer). The website instructs the web browser you use to look at websites (for example Internet Explorer or Google Chrome) to store these cookies on your device;
IP-address
is an Internet Protocol address that refers to a unique destination on the Internet. The IP-address might provide details of the location and use of the computer used. The IP-address is essential to direct the pages from the Internet to the correct computer.
2. Apps and software solutions
Nedap develops various apps and software solutions. Specific (privacy) related information about these solutions can be found here:
‘Privacy Overview Apps and Software Solutions Nedap N.V.’
3. Processing
Communication
When you send an e-mail, the contact form on the websites or other messages to Nedap or when you download or retrieve certain content from its website or through other media channels used by Nedap, it is possible that these messages and/or personal data will be saved. Sometimes you will be asked for your personal data, which is relevant to the situation at hand. This makes it possible to process your inquiries, to answer your requests or to evaluate the response of a particular campaign. The data is stored on our own secure servers or those of a third party. If you ask technical support questions it is possible that this data will be processed in a service ticket system.
Job application/acquaintance
Through the website of Nedap you can apply for open internships and vacancies. You can also apply via the website by sending an open application. Finally, you can use the website to meet employees for orientation purposes. For this purpose, Nedap processes the data you provide. The data will be stored in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
4. Sharing personal data with third parties
Nedap will not pass on your personal data to other parties, unless this is necessary to execute the agreement with you, you have expressly given Nedap permission to do so, Nedap has a legitimate interest in doing so, or Nedap is obliged to do so based on a statutory obligation.
It is possible that Nedap shares your personal data with a party that is established outside the European Economic Area. Nedap will only do so if that country guarantees an adequate level of protection for the personal data.
5. Retention period
Nedap does not retain collected personal data longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or processed.
6. Rights of visitors
Your rights
You have the opportunity to use your rights provided under the law, such as the right to request access or rectify your personal data, to restrict or object against the processing your personal data, to erase your data, as well as the right to file a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority. Prior to accepting your request, Nedap is entitled to ask you to visit the company to assure your identity by showing your valid passport.
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please reach out to our Data Protection officer by sending an e-mail to
privacy@nedap.com
.
No fee
Unless your request is excessive, not substantiated or unreasonable, Nedap will not charge any costs. If you submit a complaint to the relevant authority, the associated (legal) costs will be at your expense.
Response time
Nedap will endeavor to respond to a legitimate request within a reasonable period of time, being 1 month from receipt of the request. If your question is complex or if you have made several requests or questions at the same time, it may take longer before you receive an answer. In such a case, Nedap will inform you and update you regularly on the progress.
7. Security
To prevent unauthorized access to your personal data, Nedap has taken various security measures, including measures against unauthorized access, use or modification and unlawful and accidental destruction and loss. For more detail, please refer to the following document:
‘Norms and Standards Data Processing Nedap N.V.’
.
Nedap has implemented a procedure that describes what to do in case of a personal data breach and when Nedap is legally obliged to inform the Dutch Supervisory Authority and, if applicable, you.
Functioning of this website
Nedap does not guarantee the flawless operation or uninterrupted accessibility of this website or the by electronic means provided services. Nedap is not liable for any damages as a result of inaccuracies or omissions in the information and services provided on the Nedap websites.
8. General terms and conditions
Nedap’s general terms and conditions may apply to any services. These terms and conditions can be found at:
https://nedap.com/terms-and-conditions/
.
9. Amendments
Nedap may amend this document from time to time and advise you to visit this webpage regularly. After amending this page, the revision date mentioned above will be adapted, and the adapted or changed version applies to you and your data as per the revision date.
10. Contact information
If you have any further questions regarding the protection of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), by e-mail:
privacy@nedap.com
.
B.             Cookies
Different types of cookies are used on the websites. If you do not wish to accept the use of cookies, you can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the relevant settings in your browser. Please note that in that case you may not be able to use all the features of this website. Nedap uses the following types of cookies for the following purposes:
Functional cookies
Nedap uses functional cookies to allow an easy navigation of the Nedaps’ websites (for example, memorizing information on various web pages) and to save certain user settings or preferences. We do this to optimize the use of our websites. These cookies are necessary for the proper function of Nedap websites.
Social Media cookies
Nedap allows you to share the information on Nedaps’ website with various social media sites. This can be done by using the available social media buttons (these include Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter). For such social media websites, a social media cookie is only placed if you click the social media button. As regards the cookies that are subsequently placed by the social media parties and the possible information they collect, we kindly refer you to the information and/or privacy statements available on the website of the social media website in question. Nedap is not responsible for the content and/or application of these websites or the processing of personal data by such social media website.
Analytical cookies
Data with regard to your browsing behavior might be used for further optimization of and communication about Nedaps’ products or services. Nedap will use this data in an appropriate and careful way and in accordance with the law.
Google Analytics
Nedap uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service which is provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Nedap and Google has entered into a data processing agreement, approved by the Dutch Data protection Authority. Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help the website to analyze how visitors/users use the site. The information generated by the cookies on your use of the website (including your IP address, in which the last octet is masked) is transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information to analyze the use of the website, compile reports of the website activity by website users and provide other services with regard to website activity and internet use. Additional information can be found on the following link:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Google may provide this information to third parties if Google is legally obliged to do so, or, if applicable, insofar as these third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google shall not combine your IP address with other data which Google has access to or use it for other Google services (data sharing is excluded). By using this website, you give permission to Google for processing your personal data in the manner and for the purposes as stated above, on the current terms and conditions or any future amendments thereto.
Third party cookies
Nedap may use third party cookies for advertising purposes or marketing communication. Other parties may use these cookies to measure the effectiveness of the ads and to personalize advertising content. Information that may be collected by these parties may include data such as geolocation or contact details. By using this website, you agree with the use of these third-party cookies.
C. Disclaimer website
1. General
Gaining access to or using this site means that the user understands and agrees to the conditions and will be bound thereto. Nedap excludes all liabilities regarding the use of Nedap’s websites, the cookies placed or for (other) actions performed by third parties who process your personal data without instruction of Nedap.
2. Information on this website
Although Nedap takes the utmost care to assure the reliability and keeping the data on its websites up-to-date, inaccuracies and incompleteness in the data may occur. Nedap refuses to accept any form of liability for omissions or inaccuracies in the information (re)produced on or through this site and reserves the right to amend the content or the terms and conditions on the website.
3. References and hyperlinks
References to or hyperlinks with other websites are only placed for the purpose informing the user. Nedap does not accept any liability for the content of internet sites to which reference is made by a hyperlink or in another manner.
4. Viruses
Nedap does not guarantee that the information, software, references or hyperlinks which are accessible through this website are free of viruses, Trojan horses or comparable harmful components.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://nedap.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/1.-Privacy-Overzicht-Apps-en-Software-oplossingen-Nedap-NV-ENG_Feb25-1.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms