Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our app?
We do not collect information from visitors of our app. or other details to help you with your experience.
Regarding Face Data
We prioritize your privacy and data security. To provide the Headshot Photo Generate feature, we need to identify the facial key points in the photo you upload (such as eyes, nose, and mouth). The complete generation process is as follows:
You agree to transfer a photo to our server;
Our server detects a face in your photo;
We find the required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
We apply the effect to your photo based on the detected key points.
Our application has been designed to ensure that:
Face Data Retention
: We do not retain any face data. The photos you upload to create an avatar are not used to extract any facial recognition data or any other biometric data.
Use of Photos
: The sole purpose of the uploaded photos is to allow you to create personalized avatars/headshots within the app. No face data is analyzed, stored, or processed for any other purpose.
Data Deletion
: After the generation process is completed, the photos you uploaded will be automatically deleted within 1 day. If you choose to delete your account or uninstall the application, your photos will be permanently deleted from our servers, along with any associated data.
Third-Party Sharing
: We do not share your photos or any face data with third parties.
Data Security
: We implement robust security measures to protect your photos from unauthorized access or disclosure.
By using this app, you consent to the storage and handling of your photos as described above. We are committed to ensuring that your data is handled responsibly and in accordance with your privacy rights.
How do we protect your information?
Our code is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your interactions with it as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or at a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page You can change your personal information:
By emailing us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
Contact Us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
Via Email:
headshotsupport@yeah.net
Updated at 2024-06-14
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it