We're sorry but Pzmobile doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Pzmobile (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you use one or more of our mobile applications (the “App”, “our App”) and explains how we and some of the companies we cooperate processing that information.
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all users, and others who access the App.
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller.
For information, please read the following privacy policy Possible ways to access your personal information After careful handling. When you use the application, you will confirm You have read, understood, and agreed to be accepted These terms. By accessing or using the application, you agree to Process the personal data you provided to us in Comply with the terms of this privacy policy.
The information we process and the purpose of processing your information
There are two general categories of information we will process. Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new or better experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the purposes as set out below. If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know before we start to process information on that new purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy Policy.
2.1 Information that you submit
(1) Facial features data. When you first use the face recognition function, You may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album. We will then use the sdk provided by third parties to analyze the facial features data, recognize the position and shape of the five sense organs in the photos, and process the photos, feedback the effect drawing or conclusion to you. Such effect drawing or conclusion will not contain any personal identifiable information. For such data, photo, effect drawing and conclusion, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties.
The purpose of processing such information is only to operate the face recognition functions of the App (including but not limited to Face Sticker, Makeup, Time Machine, Gender Switch, Face Swap, Baby Predict, Face Analysis).Camera and Photos. In order to use some of the features of the App, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device. We may, by using the Photo Kit API, collect the photos, pictures and other data that you upload or submitted when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us.
(2) Contact Information. You may voluntarily grant us access to your contacts for merging or deduplication in your mobile device. All processing is performed locally and we do not upload any of your personal data to our servers.
(3) Support Related Information. If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your contact information, your complaint or feedback and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the App.
The purposes of the information that you submit are: (1) to operate and update the App and our services; (2) to improve and customize the App and related services; (3) to maintain, test and monitor the quality and operation of the App; (4) to notify you of App and services updates; (5) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback; (6) to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the App and related services; (7) to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations we may share your information from tools like device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the App. We do not have power to control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal data with any third-party organizations, please contact us for more details or do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We work in the international space and provide our App to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
We work in the international space and provide our App to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at
support@pzmobile.com
. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise these rights please contact us by email at
support@pzmobile.com
.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 16 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”) . Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under the Minimum Age. No one under the Minimum Age may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under the Minimum Age, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the Minimum Age without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Any change will be published on the interface of the App. Your continuous use of the App will be deemed as your acceptance of such update.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
support@pzmobile.com