7 Minute Workout - Privacy Policy
Introduction
Bytesize Systems Pty Ltd, (ACN 130 540 617) (trading as Bytesize Apps) (
We, Us, Our or Bytesize Apps
) recognises the importance of Your privacy and is committed to protecting any Personal Information We collect about You in accordance with the National
    Privacy Principles.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the word "You" includes Website visitors, and any person who uses the Bytesize Apps iPhone application or purchases goods or services from Us.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform You about:
what Personal Information about You is collected by Bytesize Apps;
how the information is used;
with whom the information may be shared;
how You can access and change any Personal Information Bytesize Apps holds about You;
what security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of Your Personal Information by Bytesize Apps; and
how to contact Bytesize Apps.
This Privacy Policy applies to any Personal Information You provide to Us:
when visiting the Bytesize Apps Website;
when using the Bytesize Apps iPhone Application
when using Bytesize Apps's on-line services;
when entering into an agreement with Bytesize Apps for the supply of goods and/or services; and
when You correspond or communicate with Bytesize Apps over the telephone or in any other manner including by letter, facsimile or email.
In addition to collecting Personal Information directly from You, We may also obtain Personal Information about You from third party sources and other third party service providers.
Failure by You to provide Personal Information when requested by Bytesize Apps may mean that We are unable to provide certain services and products to You and You will not be able to Register.
What types of information do We collect?
Types of Information
Bytesize Apps gathers the following types of information about You:
Location.
Bytesize Apps collects and stores location data from sources such as GPS, Wi-Fi and cell towers after you install and consent to the App tracking your location. Bytesize Apps does not collect location data when the App is closed. You may
      choose to stop our collection of location data by removing the App from your phone.
Information you provide.
If you choose to create an account using email, you provide us your first name, last name, email and a password. If you choose to login using Facebook, you provide us with your first name, last name and email.
Information from your device.
This includes information about your operating system, device identifier, carrier, language, battery performance, wi-fi or other network connections, or other data that you permit the App to access on
      your device including through permissions on your device.
Communications with us.
If you communicate with us, we collect the information and content you provide to us, including personally identifying information such as your name, email or other contact information.
HealthKit Data.
To help improve recommendations and track your workout activity, Bytesize Apps sends and receives data to and from Apples HealhKit Application.
The type of information that Bytesize Apps collects about You is dependent on how You use the services offered on Our App, Website and the products and services You are interested in purchasing through Bytesize Apps.
Collection of aggregate data
Bytesize Apps also collects non-Personal Information in aggregate form to track data such as the total number of visits to Our App or Website, the number of visits to specific areas of Our App or Website and the domain names of Our App users or Website visitors'
    Internet service providers.
We use this information, which remains in aggregate form, to understand how Our App or Website visitors use App or Our Website so that We can constantly improve and enhance Our services.
Bytesize Apps may use independent persons to measure and analyse the internet usage across Our App or Website. These persons collect the following type of information:
the number of page views that occur on Our Website;
the number of page views that occur on Our App or Website;
the number of unique browsers to Our App or Website;
how long these unique browsers (on average) spend on Our App or Website when they do visit; and
common entry and exit points of Our App or Websites.
Your Internet Provider ("IP") address
Bytesize Apps's web servers provide Us with Your IP address. This assists Us in the diagnosis of problems and or support issues with Our services.
Cookies and Applets
Bytesize Apps uses 'cookies' and may use 'applets' in its App or Website systems. These enable You to use certain services on Our App or Website. You can disable cookies and applets via Your computer's Web browser, but this will restrict access to some web pages
    and services within the Bytesize Apps Website.
How We collect information
Bytesize Apps may collect Personal Information about You when You visit Our App or Website, when You use Our on-line services, when You enter into a contract with Bytesize Apps, when you Register and when You deal with Bytesize Apps over the telephone or correspond with Bytesize Apps
    via facsimile, letter or email or any other mode of communication.
Bytesize Apps may also collect Personal Information about You other third party service providers.
How We use Your Personal Information
Bytesize Apps may use Your Personal Information for one or more of the following purposes:
to communicate with You, including via email newsletters;
to facilitate and process contacts between Yourself and Bytesize Apps and/or third parties;
to identify the number of people using Bytesize Apps's App or Website services and establish the nature of their interests;
to facilitate Registration;
to conduct Bytesize Apps marketing activities; and
to provide You with information about Bytesize Apps and its services and products.
Disclosure of Personal Information to third parties
Bytesize Apps will disclose Your Personal Information to third parties in order to facilitate providing goods and services to You.
Bytesize Apps will not use or share health data collected through HealthKit with advertising platforms, data brokers or information resellers.
When You use any online payment facility on Our App or Website, We will pass Your Personal Information (including financial and credit information) to providers of those payment services and facilities.
You must read and consent to the privacy terms of the online payment or other service provider concerned.
Bytesize Apps may also disclose Your Personal Information to third party contractors who perform services for Us including the management and maintenance of Our information systems.
Where Your Personal Information is passed on to third party contractors, Bytesize Apps will take reasonable steps to ensure that those individuals and/or organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of Your
    Personal Information.
Other than as outlined above, Bytesize Apps will not disclose Your Personal Information without Your consent unless disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, authorised or required by law, reasonably necessary to enforce the law or necessary
    to investigate a suspected unlawful activity, or a suspected breach of Our Terms of Use.
Access to and correction of information We hold about You
Upon Your request, Bytesize Apps will provide You with access to Your Personal Information unless there is an exception which applies under the National Privacy Principles. If We deny such access, We will tell You why.
Bytesize Apps may recover any reasonable costs incurred in providing You access to the requested information. To request access to Your Personal Information, please contact Bytesize Apps using one of the contact options provided in this Privacy Policy.
Keeping information up-to-date
Bytesize Apps strives to ensure that the information We hold about You is accurate, complete and up-to-date at all times.
If the Personal Information We hold about You is inaccurate, incomplete, or no longer up-to-date, or You wish for Your details to be removed from Our records, please contact Us using one of the contact options provided in this Privacy Policy so that
    We may take reasonable steps to address this and/or discuss alternative options with You.
Storage and security of Your Personal Information
Bytesize Apps takes reasonable steps to protect the security of Your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
Whilst Bytesize Apps strives to protect such information, We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information You transmit to Us or obtain from Our online products or services. Accordingly, you use Our Website and provide Personal Information to Us at
    Your own risk.
Once any Personal Information comes into Our possession, We will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Links to other Websites
The Bytesize Apps Website contains links to other Websites. Please note that these links are intended for Your convenience and information only.
Links to third party Websites do not constitute endorsement, sponsorship or approval by Bytesize Apps of the content, policies or practices of those third party Websites.
If You have any concerns regarding Your privacy when visiting a linked third party, You should ensure that You check the privacy statement/policies of those websites.
Destruction of Your Personal Information
Bytesize Apps will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify any Personal Information about You once the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or as authorised or required by law.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
From time to time, Bytesize Apps may make changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, We encourage You to periodically review this Policy to remain informed about how We collect and protect Your Personal Information.
Your continued use of the Bytesize Apps Website constitutes Your acceptance of the collection, use and disclosure of Your Personal Information to the extent outlined in this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time.
For further information about the protection of Your privacy, please visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's Website at
www.privacy.gov.au
.
Feedback and questions about privacy and the Bytesize Apps Website
Bytesize Apps welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects of the Bytesize Apps Website and iPhone application. This feedback may be used to administer and refine the services We provide and may be shared with Bytesize Apps partners either in aggregate form or with specific
    identifying characteristics removed.
If You have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, practices of the Bytesize Apps Website, iPhone application or Your dealings with Bytesize Apps, You can contact Us in the following ways:
Email:
support@bytesizeapps.net
Meaning of Words
In this Privacy Policy:
Words that are defined in Our Terms of Use have the same meaning in this Privacy Policy, unless expressly stated to the contrary.
National Privacy Principles
means the National Privacy Principles contained in Schedule 3 to the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) (or an applicable privacy code approved by the Federal Privacy Commissioner pursuant to that Act).
Personal Information
means any information or an opinion about you from which your identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained.
Register
means the act whereby a person provides Personal Information to Bytesize Apps, either by email, phone or through the Website or any other means which has the end result that Personal Information is disclosed.
Sub-section Policy: 