Drawit's Privacy Policy
Updated:
        July 11, 2024
Effective date:
        July 12, 2024
This privacy policy will help you understand:
(1) In order to ensure the normal operation of the product, we will collect some of your necessary information;
(2) When you make icons, publish content, and save content, it is based on legal requirements or necessary to implement functions. You have the right to refuse to provide this information to us. Please understand that refusing to provide will result in you being unable to use relevant specific functions, but it will not affect your use of the "[Drawit]" browsing function;
(3) We will store your personal information collected and generated during domestic operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China, and will not transfer the above information overseas. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose of providing "[Drawit]" software and related services;
(4)
We will not share, provide, transfer or obtain your personal information from third parties without your consent;
(5) We will strive to take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information. In particular, we will use common industry methods and use our best commercial efforts to protect the security of your personal sensitive information.
(6) When you use "[Drawit]", we will push programmatic advertisements to you based on your preferences and interests;
If you do not expressly agree to this privacy policy and start using it, we will only collect the information necessary to support the current service. This will cause us to be unable to provide you with complete products and services, but we will also use de-identification and encryption. measures to protect this information. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, we will not be able to provide you with complete products and services, and you can also choose to stop using it. When you choose to continue or use again, based on the necessity to provide products and services, it will be deemed that you accept and acknowledge that we process your relevant information in accordance with this policy.
We attach great importance to the protection of users' personal information and will treat this information with diligence and prudence. You are downloading, installing, opening, browsing, and using (hereinafter collectively referred to as "use").
When using "[Drawit]" software and related services, we will collect, save, use, share, disclose and protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We hope to use this Privacy Policy to introduce to you how we handle your personal information, so we recommend that you read all the terms of this Privacy Policy carefully and completely.
Among them, the content related to your information and rights will be highlighted in bold to remind you to pay attention. Please read it carefully.
1 How we collect and use personal information
When you use "[Drawit]" and its services, we will collect information based on the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity. The information we collect or ask you to provide will be used to:
(1) Ensure the basic normal operation of the product;
(2) Implement various functions and services;
(3) Optimize and improve products and services;
(4) Ensure the safety of products, services and users;
(5) Comply with laws, regulations and national standards.
The user agrees that personal privacy information refers to information that can personally identify the user or involves personal communications, including the following information:
User picture, IP address
. Non-private information refers to the user's operating status and usage habits of this service, which are clearly and objectively reflected in "[Drawit]"
    Basic record information on the server side and all other general information outside the scope of personal privacy information; and the above-mentioned privacy information that the user agrees to disclose;
Respecting the privacy of users' personal privacy information is "[Drawit]"'s consistent system. "[Drawit]" will take reasonable measures to protect users' personal privacy information, except for laws or government departments with legal authority. Except for reasons of request or user consent, "[Drawit]" will not disclose or reveal users' personal privacy information to third parties other than cooperative entities without the user's consent. But users and
    Unless otherwise agreed between "[Drawit]" and its partners regarding the disclosure or use of users' personal privacy information, users shall bear any risks that may arise therefrom. "[Drawit]" is not responsible for this. . At the same time, in order to operate and improve the technology and services of "[Drawit]",
    "[Drawit]" may collect and use users' non-personal privacy information on its own or provide it to third parties, which will help "[Drawit]" provide users with a better user experience and improve "[Drawit]" service quality.
1.1 When you use the "[Drawit]" icon creation function, "[Drawit]" may obtain the following permissions from your terminal device:
1.1.1
Photo library access
When you use "[Drawit]" to create an icon selection picture, we will need to obtain access to your device's photo library and access your mobile phone's photo library. This permission requires your authorization. If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from using this function, but it will not affect your normal use of products and services. You can refuse when we ask you for authorization or turn it off through your device. This permission is granted.
1.1.2
Advertising logo
During your use of "[Drawit]", in order to remember your identity, analyze your use of "[Drawit]", identify you as a user of "[Drawit]", push information and possible For commercial advertisements, we may obtain
Unique Device Identifier
to mark user identity and ad tracking.
1.2 Personal information we directly collect and use
We will collect information that you actively provide when using the service as follows, as well as collect through automated means the information generated during your use of functions or acceptance of services:
1.2.1 Ensure the normal operation of "[Drawit]" and services
When you use "[Drawit]" and related services, in order to ensure the normal operation of the software and services, we will collect your
Hardware model, operating system version number, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), network device hardware address (MAC), IP address, software version number, network access method and type, and operation log information.
Please understand that this information is the basic information we must collect to provide services and ensure the normal operation of our products.
1.2.2 According to the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China, you may be required to provide your real identity information (
Phone number
) to complete real-name verification when you use it.
If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to use the core functions, but you can continue to use other services of "[Drawit]". This information is personal sensitive information, and we will use industry-wide methods and use our best commercial efforts to protect the security of your personal sensitive information.
If you do not provide this information, you may not be able to obtain relevant services, but this will not affect the normal use of other functions and services of "[Drawit]".
Refusal to provide the above information may prevent you from using core functions, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions and services of "[Drawit]".
We may combine the above information with information from our other services to conduct comprehensive statistics and analyze characteristics and preferences through algorithms to make personalized recommendations, display or push specific information that may be of interest to you, or to push more information to you. Specific features or services that are right for you:
（1）Show, recommend or push audio, video or functional services that are more relevant to you;
（2）Recommend programmatic ads that are more relevant to you.
Please understand that we have de-identified the above information when we collect and use it. The data analysis only corresponds to specific codes that cannot be directly associated with the user's identity. It cannot and will never be associated with your real identity.
1.2.3 Carry out offline activities
When you choose to participate in relevant offline activities organized by us, you will be required to provide
Name, mailing address, contact information
.
This information may contain sensitive personal information (personal phone number)
, which is necessary for you to receive notifications related to successful registration activities. If you refuse to provide this information, we may not be able to convey relevant information to you about the activities. information.
1.2.4 Ensure the safety of products, services and users
To help us better understand the operation of "[Drawit]" and related services, so as to ensure the security of operation and service provision, we may record network log information, as well as the frequency of using the software and related services, crash data, overall Installation, usage, performance data information.
1.3 Processing of changes in the purpose of collecting and using personal information
Please understand that as our business develops, there may be adjustments and changes to the functions and services provided by "[Drawit]". In situations that are not directly or reasonably related to the original purpose, we will notify you again and obtain your consent when we collect and use your personal information.
1.4 Personal information exempted from consent to collection and use in accordance with the law
Please understand that in the following situations, in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization to collect and use your personal information.
(1) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
(4) To protect the major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals such as life and property but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;
(5) Your personal information collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6) Your personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, including legal news reports and government information disclosure channels;
(7) Necessary to sign or perform a contract at your request;
(8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the "[Drawit]" software and related services, including discovering and handling failures in the "[Drawit]" software and related services;
(9) Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
(10) When it is necessary for an academic research institution to conduct statistical or academic research based on public interests, and when providing externally the results of academic research or descriptions, the personal information contained in the results will be de-identified;
(11) Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
Specially remind you that if the information cannot identify your personal identity alone or in combination with other information, it does not belong to your personal information in the legal sense; when your information can identify your personal identity alone or in combination with other information When or when we combine data that cannot be linked to any specific personal information with other personal information of yours, during the combined use, such information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2 Use of cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and similar technologies are commonly used technologies on the Internet. When you use the "[Drawit]" software and related services, we may use related technologies to send one or more
    Cookies or anonymous identifiers to collect and store information when you access and use this product. We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services:
(1) Ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set cookies or anonymous identifiers for authentication and security, so that we can confirm whether you log in to the service safely or whether you have encountered any theft or fraud. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency and improve login and response speeds.
(2) Help you obtain an easier access experience
Using this type of technology can help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling in your personal information and logging in frequently (implementing one-click login processes and recording video production history).
(3) Recommend, display and push content that may be of interest to you
We may use cookies and similar technologies (including Beacon, Proxy) to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct consultation or data analysis, to improve product services and user experience, and optimize your advertising choices.
We promise that we will not use Cookies for any other purpose than those stated in this Privacy Policy.
3 How we store personal information
3.1 Location where information is stored
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated during domestic operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we will not transfer the above information overseas. If we transfer it overseas, we will comply with the provisions of laws and regulations and seek your express consent.
3.2 Storage period
We only retain your personal information for the period necessary to provide "[Drawit]" and services. After exceeding the necessary period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
4 How we share, transfer and publicly disclose personal information
4.1 Sharing and transfer of personal information
We will not share or transfer your personal information to third parties unless you obtain your prior authorization and consent, or the personal information shared or transferred is de-identified information and the sharing third party cannot re-identify the natural person of such information. main body.
4.1.1 Personal information we may share under the following circumstances
(1) In order to achieve programmatic advertising push, we may share de-identified or anonymized information with advertising partners
We may share information with partners who entrust us with promotion and advertising, but we will not share information used to identify you personally (your name, mobile phone number), and will only provide these partners with information that is difficult to identify you personally. User portrait tags and de-identified or anonymized statistical information to help them improve the effective reach rate of advertising without identifying you personally.
(2) Sharing with business partners to achieve specific functions
In order to ensure the implementation of "[Drawit]" related functions and the safe and stable operation of the application, we may access the software development kit (SDK) provided by a third party to achieve related purposes. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software tool development kit (SDK) used by partners to obtain information to protect data security. The relevant third-party SDKs we access are listed in this privacy policy. Please note that the data processing types of third-party SDKs may change due to their version upgrades, policy adjustments, etc. Please refer to their published official instructions. .
第三方SDK名称：腾讯优量汇（广点通）
收集个人信息目的：广告投放合作
收集个人信息方式：嵌入第三方SDK，SDK收集传输个人信息
收集个人信息范围：设备标识信息、位置信息
第三方机构名称：深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限
官网链接：
https://privacy.qq.com/
第三方SDK名称：今日头条 SDK
收集个人信息目的：用于广告投放
收集个人信息方式：嵌入第三方SDK，SDK收集传输个人信息
收集个人信息范围：设备标识信息、位置信息
第三方机构名称：北京巨量引擎网络技术有限
官网链接：
https://www.oceanengine.com/extra/legal
第三方SDK名称：穿山甲广告
收集个人信息目的：广告投放变现合作
收集个人信息方式：嵌入第三方SDK，SDK收集传输个人信息
收集个人信息范围：设备标识信息、位置信息
第三方机构名称：湖北今日头条、北京有竹居网络技术有限
官网链接：
https://www.pangle.cn/privacy?from=ad.oceanengine.com&
第三方SDK名称：腾讯 Bugly 崩溃分析
收集个人信息目的：用于崩溃日志收集
收集个人信息方式：嵌入第三方SDK，SDK收集传输个人信息
收集个人信息范围：设备标识信息
第三方机构名称：深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限
官网链接：
https://privacy.qq.com/
(3) Help you participate in marketing promotion activities
When you choose to participate in relevant marketing activities organized by us, you can provide your name, mailing address, and contact information as required by the activity so that the third party can provide you with prizes in a timely manner. When you choose to participate in relevant marketing activities organized by us, you may provide your name, mailing address, and contact information as required by the activity. With your express consent, we will share the above information with third parties so that we can entrust the third party to provide you with prizes in a timely manner.
4.1.2 Prudent evaluation and responsibility restrictions on third-party entities sharing personal information
(1) With your consent, we will only share with third parties the information necessary to achieve the purpose. If a third party really needs to use personal information beyond the scope of the aforementioned authorization due to business needs, the third party will need to seek your consent again.
(2) For third parties with whom we share your personal information, these third parties will sign confidentiality agreements with us. At the same time, we will evaluate its data security capabilities and environment and require third parties to handle such information with confidentiality and security measures no less than those required by this Privacy Policy.
4.1.3 Transfer of personal information during acquisition, merger, and reorganization
As our business continues to develop, we may conduct mergers, acquisitions, and asset transfers, and your personal information may be transferred as a result. When the aforementioned changes occur, we will continue to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and security standards no lower than those required by this Privacy Policy or require the successor of personal information to continue to protect your personal information, otherwise we will require the successor to re-obtain your personal information. Your authorization and consent.
4.2 Public disclosure of personal information
In addition to announcing penalties for illegal accounts and fraudulent activities, we will disclose the necessary information about the relevant accounts,
We will not publicly disclose your information unless we comply with national laws and regulations or obtain your consent. When we publicly disclose your personal information, we will adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards.
4.3 Personal information that is exempted from consent to sharing, transfer, and public disclosure in accordance with the law
Please understand that in the following circumstances, in accordance with laws, regulations and national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization to share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information.
(1) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
(4) To protect your or other individuals’ major legitimate rights and interests in life and property but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
(5) Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
(6) Collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, including legal news reports and government information disclosure channels.
5 How we protect the security of personal information
(1) We attach great importance to the security of your personal information and will strive to take reasonable security measures (including technical and management aspects) to protect your personal information and prevent the personal information you provide from being used improperly or without authorization. Accessed, publicly disclosed, used, modified, damaged, lost or disclosed.
(2) We will use reasonable and feasible means of encryption technology and anonymization that are no lower than those of industry peers to protect your personal information, and use security protection mechanisms to prevent your personal information from being maliciously attacked.
(3) We will establish a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology in a timely manner.
(4) Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by relevant laws have been complied with, please understand that due to technical limitations and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if all efforts are made, Although we can strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. We will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us. You know and understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.
(5) We will formulate an emergency response plan and immediately activate the emergency plan when a user information security incident occurs, and strive to prevent the impact and consequences of such security incidents from expanding. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss) occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, and you can take precautions on your own and risk reduction recommendations, remedies for you. We will promptly notify you of event-related information through push notifications, emails, letters, and text messages. When it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will also report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
(6) We would like to remind you that the personal information protection measures provided in this privacy policy only apply to
        "[Drawit]" software and related services. Once you leave "[Drawit]" and related services, browse or use other websites, services and content resources, we will have no ability or obligation to protect you in "[Drawit]"
        Any personal information submitted by software and websites other than software and related services, regardless of whether you log in, browse or use the above software or website based on "[Drawit]" links or guidance.
6 Managing your personal information
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information and do our best to protect your rights to inquire, access, modify, delete, withdraw consent, cancel your account, complain and report, and set privacy functions to enable you to Protect your privacy and information security.
6.1 Independently choose to control personalized recommendation information
6.1.1 Independent decision to receive information
The relevant information recommendation function of our square may be based on non-artificial automatic decision-making mechanisms including information systems, algorithms, etc. When you are not interested in the information we push or want to reduce certain information recommendations, you can In any video, click "More" and click "Not interested" for precise blocking. This will help you control the recommended information and make decisions independently.
6.1.2 Independent subscription to required information
When following, the information of the account you actively choose to follow will be displayed. You can choose to follow or unfollow.
6.2 Change or revoke sensitive permission settings
You can turn off access to photos in the operating system of your device itself.
6.3 Complaints and Reports
You can make complaints or reports according to our publicized system. If you think your personal information rights may have been infringed, or find clues that your personal information rights have been infringed, you can contact us through Article 11 of this Privacy Policy. After verification, we will feedback your complaint and report within 15 working days. .
6.4 Access Privacy Policy
You can view the entire content of this privacy policy when you install the software for the first time, or go to [Me] - [Upper Right Button] - [Settings] - [Privacy Agreement].
6.5 Notify you of cessation of operations
If we cease operations, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operations in the form of one-by-one delivery or announcements, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold.
7. Terms for minors
If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians before using the "[Drawit]" software and related services.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. We will only collect, use, share or disclose minors as permitted by law, with explicit consent from parents or other guardians, or as necessary to protect minors. If we discover that we have collected personal information from minors without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
If you are the guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this privacy policy.
8 Privacy Policy Revisions and Notices
(1) In order to provide you with better services, the "[Drawit]" software and related services will be updated and changed from time to time. We will revise this privacy policy from time to time. Such revisions form part of this privacy policy and have the same effect. the validity of this privacy policy. However, without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy currently in effect.
(2) After this privacy policy is updated, we will issue an updated version in "[Drawit]" and remind you of the updated content through an in-app pop-up window or other appropriate means before the updated terms take effect, so that you can be informed in a timely manner Learn about the most recent version of this Privacy Policy.
If you continue to use our services, you agree to accept the revised content of this policy. However, if the updated content requires the collection of new personal sensitive information, your consent will be asked for in a conspicuous manner again.
(3) For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (we will explain the specific changes to the privacy policy through methods including but not limited to SMS, push, or special reminders in specific locations).
Significant changes referred to in this Privacy Policy include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model has undergone significant changes. Including the purpose of processing personal information, types of personal information processed, and how personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure and organizational structure. Including all changes caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions;
(3) The main objects to whom personal information is shared, transferred or publicly disclosed change;
(4) Significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and how you exercise them;
(5) When our responsible departments, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security change.
9 Scope of application
This privacy policy applies to all services provided by "[Drawit]", including "[Drawit]" client and website.
Your use of these third-party services (including any personal information you provide to these third parties) will be governed by these third parties’ terms of service and privacy policies (not this Privacy Policy). Please read the specific provisions carefully. Third party terms. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to third parties only when necessary.
"[Drawit]" as described in this Privacy Policy
        and related services may vary depending on factors such as the mobile phone model, system version, and software application version you are using. The final products and services are based on the "[Drawit]" you use
        Software and related services shall prevail.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this privacy policy, you can contact us by sending an email to
sdmobilestudio@outlook.com
.
10 Others
10.1 The headings in this "Privacy Policy" are for convenience and reading only and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions in this "Privacy Policy".
10.2 Definitions of relevant words in this "Privacy Policy":
(1) "[Drawit]" software and related services refer to the client application labeled "[Drawit]" that we legally own and operate.
(2) Personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, including personal identity information (name, date of birth, ID number, Including ID card, military ID card, passport, driver's license), facial features, address, contact number, address book, online identification information (including account name, account nickname, email address, and passwords and password protection questions and answers related to the foregoing) ); property information, transaction information, personal Internet access records (network browsing records, click records), personal commonly used device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, software list, unique device identification code, etc., description of personal commonly used terminals Basic information about the device) and personal location information.
(3) Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or misused, may endanger personal and property safety, and can easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. Personally sensitive information in this privacy policy includes: personal identity information (ID number, including ID card, military ID, passport, driver's license), facial recognition characteristics; property information, transaction information; network identification information (including account name , account nickname, email address, and passwords and password protection questions and answers related to the foregoing); other information (including address book, personal phone number, itinerary information, precise location information).
(4) De-identification refers to the process of making the subject of personal information unable to be identified without the help of additional information through technical processing of personal information.
(5) Anonymization refers to the process of making the subject of personal information unable to be identified through the technical processing of personal information, and the processed information cannot be restored.
10.3 The copyright of this "Privacy Policy" belongs to us, and we have the right to interpret and modify it to the extent permitted by law.
11 How to contact us
When you have other complaints, suggestions, minors' personal information or questions about this policy, you can send us an email:
sdmobilestudio@outlook.com
We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and respond within 15 days after verifying your user identity. If you are not satisfied with our response or processing, especially if you think that we have damaged your legitimate rights and interests related to personal information, you can contact us Complain or report to the relevant regulatory authorities, or file a lawsuit with the people's court with jurisdiction.
Sub-section Policy: 