LifeScan Global Privacy Policy
Last updated: 12/2021
LifeScan is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. In this Privacy Policy, we may refer to ourselves as “we”, “us” or “our”, by which we mean LifeScan Global Corporation and its subsidiaries. The controller of your data is the LifeScan company listed next to your country,
here
(“Controller”) except for healthcare professionals who subscribe to LifeScan Diabetes Institute, in that case, LifeScan Institute LLC is the Controller.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices that we or our service providers collect through the website or mobile application (such as OneTouch Reveal
®
), operated and controlled by LifeScan, through which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Services”) or if you contact our customer care team. If local laws in your country require that we process your Personal Data in a different way, we will comply with those local laws. Please read this entire Privacy Policy before using any of the LifeScan Services.
PERSONAL DATA
The term “Personal Data” in this Privacy Policy means any information which could identify you as an individual, either directly (for example, your name) or indirectly (such as an IP address or other unique identifier).
LifeScan may collect and process the following Personal Data when you use the Services:
contact details (such as name, address, email address, telephone number);
demographic information (such as date of birth, gender);
health information (such as diabetes type and method of management, glucose readings, exercise and carbohydrate intake);
account-related information (such as the password you select to use the Services or the serial number of any devices associated with the account);
payment or commercial information, such as billing details and past transactional behavior;
complaint or adverse event information;
photographs, videos or voice recordings if, for example, you provide a testimonial; and
your preferences (such as communication, language and time zone).
When you are asked to provide your Personal Data you may have an option to choose not to provide it but if you do so, it may inhibit our ability to provide some elements of the Services to you.
If you are providing information of someone other than yourself (for example, if you are a caregiver, parent or guardian or a healthcare professional providing a patient’s information) then you are confirming to us that you have any legally required authorization, consent or other lawful authority to share the other person’s information and for us to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you are a healthcare professional, LifeScan may collect:
your professional qualifications, educational and professional history, professional and government affiliations, information included on a resume, languages spoken, information about publications with which you have been involved;
information about the LifeScan programs, products and activities with which you have engaged;
details about our interactions with you, your prescribing of our products and any agreements you have or had with LifeScan, including payment or other financial details;
information collected in connection with LifeScan events, training or activities you have attended or with which you have been involved; and
public information such as license information and other due diligence related information.
We may combine information you provide with information from other sources, for example social media or from public sources.
HOW LIFESCAN COLLECTS PERSONAL DATA
LifeScan collects Personal Data in a number of ways, including:
directly from you or your authorized representative, for example, when you sign up for an account for one of the Services;
when you use one of our Services;
when you share your social media profile with LifeScan or use it to contact us;
when you respond to LifeScan surveys or promotions, where permitted;
when you contact LifeScan for customer care assistance;
when you share complaints or adverse event information with LifeScan;
when you authorize third parties to provide your information to us;
from other products, services or applications that are integrated with our Services (such as, for example, when a third party product, service or application is linked with our Services or vice versa);
from public or third party information sources;
from third party service providers or our business partners;
from social media, for example mentioning a LifeScan product or service in a Tweet. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policies of the social media platforms that you use;
if you are a healthcare professional, if you engage with one of our sales representatives, attend an online or live event such as a conference, training or advisory board meeting; and
indirectly through tracking technologies, including over time and across third-party websites and online services. You can read more about this
here
. We may also automatically collect information about you from website interaction, analytics partners, and other parties.
HOW LIFESCAN USES PERSONAL DATA
We process your health information when you use the Services on the basis of your explicit consent.
We use your Personal Data for the following purposes where it is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations to you:
manage your account on our Services;
provide our products or the Services to you;
provide customer care support to you; and
send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding changes to our terms of use and other policies or administrative information, such as planned maintenance or downtime.
We use your Personal Data for the following purposes where it is necessary in our legitimate interests in order to:
operate our business;
improve our products and Services;
respond to your enquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you documents you request or e-mail alerts;
invite you to provide feedback on our products and/or services;
personalize your experience when you interact with us;
undertake market research, analytics or segmentation so that we can better understand your needs and so that we can: improve our products and services; understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and to tailor our communications with you;
in connection with our cybersecurity efforts; and
to ensure continuity of service to you if we sell, assign or transfer part of our business or enter into a relationship with a distributor.
We use your Personal Data to provide you with information about our products and services or the products and services of selected third-party partners, provided that you have opted-in to receive such communication, where an opt-in is required by law. If you have opted-in to receive such communications, our legal basis for processing your Personal Data for this purpose is your consent.
We use your Personal Data for the following purposes in order to comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to, or where necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims:
comply with legal or regulatory obligations to which LifeScan is subject, such as reporting complaints or adverse events; anti-corruption; trade compliance or transparency reporting requirements for healthcare professionals; and
to defend LifeScan against actual, potential or threatened litigation.
We may also use your Personal Data in other ways, with your consent.
HOW LIFESCAN SHARES PERSONAL DATA
We may share your Personal Data:
with other LifeScan companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. However, the Controller is the party responsible for the management of your Personal Data.
with your authorized health care provider (such as a clinic, pharmacy or healthcare professional), payor or to other third parties that you choose to provide access to your Personal Data. Some of our Services permit you to share all of the information you enter within the particular Service or to share certain information with a relative, friend or caregiver;
when you provide your consent for us to do so, for example with third party partners with whom we offer a co-branded or co-marketed promotion;
with our third-party service providers who provide services to you or us such as website hosting and moderating, mobile application hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer care, e- mail and direct mail delivery services, credit card processing, auditing services, and other services, in order to enable them to provide services to you or us;
with third parties or business partners where you choose to integrate their products or services with the Services;
with a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings);
with third parties or service providers involved in the provision of advertising and analytics;
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our website, improving our products and services, identifying usage trends, where permitted, personalizing your experience by presenting products and offers tailored to you, and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns;
as otherwise described to you at the time of collection;
If you are a OneTouch
®
Solutions user, we will share your Personal Data with:
third parties involved in the fulfillment of your orders, such as for example to coordinate with our prescription, shipment, and logistics providers.
our business partners, such as for example when you link our Services with a partner’s product, application, or service (or vice versa).
If you are a OneTouch Reveal
®
Plus user, we will:
share your Personal Data with Welldoc Inc. (“Welldoc”), which jointly operates the OneTouch Reveal
®
Plus platform. Welldoc will directly receive your Personal Data. Upon registration of a OneTouch Reveal
®
Plus account, we will provide WellDoc, Inc. with 30 days of prior OneTouch Reveal
®
historical information such as glucose levels, diet, and exercise history. WellDoc’s use of your Personal Data collected by or uploaded to OneTouch Reveal
®
Plus is subject to WellDoc’s Privacy Policy.
use your registration information to create a OneTouch Reveal
®
account for you if you did not already have one. Such account will be accessible to you separately even if you no longer have access to OneTouch Reveal
®
Plus.
share your Personal Data with other third parties that you opt to integrate your account or share your Personal Data with.
In addition, we may use and disclose information collected through our Services as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) as permitted by applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect the operations of LifeScan group companies; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND APPS
The Services may include functionality that allows for links to or integrations with the products, services or apps of our business partners (“Partner Apps”). In the event that you use Services that include such functionality, our business partners’ privacy policies will govern how they handle your Personal Data in connection with such Partner Apps, while this Privacy Policy will continue to govern how we handle your Personal Data. We are not responsible for our business partners’ privacy practices, and you should review the applicable Partner App privacy policies before using such functionality.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
Where you agree, we may send you email messages promoting our Services or with other information about our programs and offers. As further described below under “Your Privacy Rights and Choices,” you may opt out of these messages at any time by contacting us or by using the “My Account” or “Settings” function if applicable.
COOKIES, INTERNET-BASED ADVERTISING AND OTHER TOOLS
We use persistent identifiers to authenticate you to the Services to analyze how the Services are used, to link information about how you use the Services with your account, to analyze the effectiveness of our messaging and to help to tailor our products and the Services. We may also use persistent identifiers to identify you across other media or through your use of our other products or the Services to help to tailor our offerings and to provide enhanced personalization and communications.
Cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on a website, pages visited, and language preferences. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using a website. We also use cookies to recognize your computer or device, which makes your use of the Services easier, such as to remember what is in your shopping cart. In addition, we use cookies to gather statistical information about usage of our Services in order to continually improve design and functionality, understand how individuals use them and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Services. Cookies further allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are using the Services. We may also use cookies in online advertising to track consumer responses to our advertisements. Please read our
Cookie Policy
for information about the cookies used and how to disable them.
You can refuse to accept these cookies by following your browser’s instructions; however, if you do not accept them, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site. In addition, you may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. To learn more about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
(link is external)
.
Using pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, or other similar technologies
. These may be used in connection with some web pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, track the actions of users and e-mail recipients, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage and response rates.
Analytics
. We may use certain analytics providers such as Google Analytics and Firebase Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. The Services may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
(link is external)
and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt- out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
(link is external)
.
We also use mobile analytics services, such as AppFlyer Inc's mobile attribution and analytics platform, to understand use of the Services. This allows us to understand, assess and adjust our marketing campaigns and their performance. For example, this helps us to understand which campaigns lead people to download the Services. You can learn about AppsFlyer's data processing at:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
(link is external)
. If you wish to opt-out please go to:
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
(link is external)
.
Retargeting of Advertisements and Opting Out
. We try to deliver relevant advertisements by using a common form of online advertising known as “retargeting”. Retargeting provides advertisements on a website based on a user’s activities on a different, unrelated site. To enable this, LifeScan or its advertising service providers may use a device ID, cookie, pixel, web beacon or similar technology placed by LifeScan or its third- party service provider when you visit our Services. The placing of these cookies or other technologies on your device may enable you to be identified across multiple websites.
You can opt-out of having your online activity collected for advertising purposes and receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements by using the links below:
Europe:
www.youronlinechoices.eu
(link is external)
.
Please note that the choices you make are specific to the browser and device on which you implement such controls.
We may use Facebook’s custom audience tools which allows us to provide you with advertising to you when you use Facebook’s platforms which you may find to be more relevant to you. You can learn more about Facebook’s privacy policy
here
(link is external)
. This is done by converting your email address into a unique number that Facebook uses to match to a unique number that Facebook generates based on the email address that you have provided to Facebook. You can change your advertising preferences within the “Ad Settings” and “Ad Preferences” sections of your Facebook account.
On some pages of our websites, we allow third-party advertising partners to use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information regarding your activities on those web pages (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day, and cookie identifiers). We may also share such information we have collected with advertising and analytics companies, they may use this information (and combine it with information collected over time and across other websites, apps, or other digital services) to deliver targeted advertisements.
Mobile advertising identifier controls
. Apple and Android mobile devices generate an advertising identifier that can be accessed by apps and used by advertisers in a way similar to how cookies are used on websites. Apple and Android operating systems provide options to limit tracking.
Do Not Track
. Some browsers have a Do Not Track (“DNT”) feature that allow a user to indicate a preference not to have their online activities tracked. If you limit a website’s ability to set cookies, your user experience may be affected. The DNT function is not available when you are accessing the Services through a mobile application rather than through the relevant website.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Depending on the laws in your country, you may have rights to:
withdraw your consent to us processing your Personal Data for direct marketing;
obtain copies of your Personal Data and additional information about the processing of your data;
correct any inaccurate or incomplete information about you which we hold;
request deletion of your Personal Data. This right is subject to certain exclusions such as compliance with legal or regulatory obligations;
restrict processing of your Personal Data. This right is subject to certain restrictions;
object to processing of your Personal Data. This right is subject to certain restrictions;
ask us to transfer your Personal Data to another organization, under certain circumstances; and
make a complaint to a privacy regulator.
In order to protect your Personal Data, we may require that you provide evidence to confirm your identity before we provide the requested information. We will respond to your request within the relevant time limit under applicable law.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing emails from LifeScan, you may update your preferences by sending an email to your Customer Care email address:
contact.uk@onetouch.com
(link sends email)
or, where there is a “My Account” or Settings feature, you can update your marketing preferences there. If you choose to opt-out of receiving such messages, we may still send you service-related announcements such as changes to the Privacy Policy, planned maintenance or downtime.
If you are a healthcare professional and no longer wish to receive communications from the LifeScan Diabetes Institute, you can update your preferences in your member profile at
www.lifescandiabetesinstitute.com
or by unsubscribing,
here
.
DE-IDENTIFIED, PERMANENTLY ANONYMISED, AND AGGREGATED DATA
We may de-identify data that we collect about you. We may use or share this data with third parties to perform analytics and research, for product development or improvement, and for other compatible purposes or as otherwise permitted by law. We may also permanently anonymize your Personal Data so that it is no longer personal data under relevant laws. After permanent anonymization, you can never be identified, and the data is not traceable to you. We may use or share such anonymized data for statistical analysis, clinical research, demographic analysis, or other similar activities. We may export and process permanently anonymized data in any country in which we or one of our service providers or business partners has operations. We may also combine or aggregate this data with other third-party data that we collect about you.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN AND HOW WE SECURE YOUR DATA
We retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law or is needed in order to fulfil a legal requirement to which LifeScan is subject.
LifeScan uses various technical, organizational and administrative measures to protect your Personal Data against loss, unauthorized use or access. For example, when we transmit your health-related Personal Data, through our Services we use encryption technology. When our Services communicate with our analytics providers, encryption is also used. However, you should be aware that no data storage or method of transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure or error-free.
SAFETY AND OTHER REGULATORY REPORTING
In order to ensure the safety of medical devices, regulators place a legal obligation on manufacturers to report certain complaints and potential adverse events to them.
LifeScan may share this information with other LifeScan companies in other countries, its service providers or business partners who assist in the maintenance and operation of LifeScan’s complaints database.
In some cases, LifeScan may not be the legal manufacturer of devices that we promote or make available, in those circumstances, we are obliged to pass on details of complaints and potential adverse events to the device’s legal manufacturer so that they may report the matter to applicable regional or national regulatory bodies, including those that may have different data protection laws than the laws that apply in your country.
Where relevant, LifeScan enters into European Union standard contractual clauses (or equivalent measures) with the party outside the European Economic Area receiving the personal data. A copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses is available upon request.
LifeScan processes complaint and adverse event data in order to comply with legal requirements to which it or its business partners are subject. Where LifeScan processes health data (which is a special category of data) for these purposes, LifeScan does so for reasons of public interest in ensuring high standards of quality and safety of medical devices. Any data provided for complaint and/or adverse event reporting purposes will not be used for direct marketing.
If you are a healthcare professional, LifeScan may be required, by law or industry codes of practice, to report on or to make public disclosures of certain payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals (such as consulting fees, travel and other permitted expenses). Where required by local law, we will disclose your identity, your location and the nature and amount of the transfer of value or payment.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
When we provide a link to another website or application that is not owned or controlled by LifeScan, we are not responsible for how such websites or applications handle your Personal Data. We urge you to read the linked website’s privacy policy. The inclusion of a link to a third-party website or application does not mean that LifeScan endorses that website or application.
TRANSFERS TO OTHER COUNTRIES
As a global company, we have operations and service providers that may not be located in your country. By using any of our Services or, where required by law, by providing us with your consent, your information may be processed and / or stored outside of your country of residence. Data protection laws in those countries may differ from the laws in your country. Appropriate contractual and other measures are in place to protect Personal Data when it is transferred to LifeScan company or third parties in other countries.
For residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”): Some countries outside the EEA are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection (the full list of these countries is available
here
(link is external)
). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we shall ensure that adequate measures are in place, including by ensuring that the recipient is bound by the European Union’s Standard Contractual Clauses or by another method which has been approved by the European Commission.
If you are using the Services in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, you specifically acknowledge and agree that none of the data within the Services constitutes medical records under the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not collect knowingly data directly from children under the age of 13. Some of the Services allow the creation of a parent or guardian account which allows for the submission of a child’s Personal Data by a parent or guardian. Please contact us if you believe that a child has provided his or her Personal Data to us directly, without the consent of a parent and we will remove it.
USA: NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California residents are granted certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). If you are a California resident, you have a right to know what information is collected about you, how it will be used and to whom it will be disclosed. For purposes of this section, the term Personal Data means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. In addition to the rights described elsewhere in the Privacy Policy, California residents have the right to: (i) request access to your Personal Data or to have it deleted; (ii) request additional disclosures about the Personal Data we collect, use and sell; (iii) request that your Personal Data is not sold; and (iv) obtain a copy of your Personal Data. This notice supplements the information above regarding collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
In the previous 12 months, LifeScan has collected and disclosed for its business purposes the following categories of Personal Data. This Personal Data was collected from sources including yourself directly, business partners, and third parties, as further described above under “How LifeScan Collects Personal Data”:
Identifiers,
such as your name, contact information and online identifiers.
Information protected by California Civil Code Section 1798.80, subdivision (e),
such as names, contact information, financial information, and health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law,
such as age, ancestry, and medical condition.
Commercial information,
such as records of products or services purchased.
Medical, health, and biometric information,
where that information is outside the scope of other applicable laws.
Internet or other similar network activity,
such as information about your interactions with our Services or advertisements.
Audio, electronic and visual information,
such as testimonials.
Professional information and education information,
such as information about medical specialty.
Inferences
we derive from the information that we collect, to create profiles reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Other information that we collect from you or as disclosed to you, as described in the rest of this Privacy Policy.
Sale of Personal Data.
LifeScan does not sell Personal Data for money, but in the last 12 months has shared Personal Data such as online identifiers and internet or similar network activity details, with providers of advertising services. This sharing may be considered a sale under the CCPA.
De-identification:
We may use or share de-identified data derived from your personal information with third parties to perform analytics and research, for product development or improvement, and for other compatible purposes or as otherwise permitted by law.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights:
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either calling our customer care team at:
0800 121 200
or by email to:
contact.uk@onetouch.com
(link sends email)
.
Only you, or someone legally authorised to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Data. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data or an authorised representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format:
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination:
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that
can result
in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Data’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
NOTICE FOR EUROPEAN UNION USERS: HOW TO COMPLAIN TO A REGULATOR AND DPO CONTACT DETAILS
If you are a European Union citizen or you are accessing any of our Services from within the European Economic Area, you may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for your country of residence. Their details can be found
here
(link is external)
.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) by sending an email to
emeaprivacy@lifescan.com
(link sends email)
.
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US
The company responsible for collection use and disclosure of your Personal Data under this Privacy Policy is:
Country
LifeScan company name and address
United Kingdom/Northern Ireland
LifeScan U.K. Limited, c/o Beechwood Park North, Inverness, IV2 3ED
Republic of Ireland
LifeScan Healthcare Ireland Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, d02 t380, Dublin 2, Dublin, Ireland
Global
LifeScan Institute, LLC, 20 Valley Stream Parkway, Malvern, PA 19355
For privacy-related enquiries or complaints, please send an email to the relevant customer service email address in the table above. You can also write to our privacy officer at: LifeScan Privacy Office, LifeScan Global Corporation, 20 Valley Stream Parkway, Malvern, Pennsylvania, 19355, United States of America or by sending an email to:
privacy@lifescan.com
(link sends email)
.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any changes will be effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Services and your continued use of the relevant Service after these changes means that you accept the relevant changes. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice to let you know what the changes are. This Privacy Policy was last updated as of the “Last Updated” date shown at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label