PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: June 1, 2019
Followmeter LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Followmeter for Instagram mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We only collect information for analytical purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Firebase & Google Analytics
These are analytics services offered by Google that track and report website/mobile app traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We do not retain any user private data. Any local data on your device that was used for the functionality of the app will be deleted once the application is uninstalled.
Children's Privacy
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13. We do not collect any personally identifiable information. If you have any questions please
CONTACT US
. We'll be glad to answer any questions.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
support@followmeter.com