Privacy Policy
Here at FIXR, we respect your privacy. This privacy policy sets out the ways in which we collect, use, process, share, transfer, store, retain and protect your personal data. By using our Platform, you agree to collection, use, processing, sharing, transferring, storing, retaining and protecting your personal data, and the procedures this privacy policy describes. Your rights and options are explained below, we recommend that you read this privacy policy carefully. Beyond this privacy policy, your use of our Platform is also subject to our
Terms of Service
.
For the purposes of this privacy policy, the following definitions shall apply:
Customer
: an individual or individuals who purchase tickets for an Event via the Platform.
Data Protection Law(s):
all applicable laws relating to the processing of personal data, data privacy, electronic communications, marketing and/or data security including the GDPR, UK GDPR, the Data Protection Act 2018, The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and POPIA, in each case as from time to time in force and as from time to time amended, extended, consolidated, re-enacted, replaced, superseded or otherwise converted, succeeded, modified or incorporated into law.
Event
: an individual Event or Events listed on our Platform as operated by Event Organisers.
Event Organiser(s)
: a third-party supplier or suppliers of Events (which will typically include the sale of tickets for Events) which may include a venue, performer, promoter, university society or organisation, or general event organiser.
GDPR
: EU Regulation (EU) 2016/679 more commonly known as the General Data Protection Regulation.
Platform
: our website; mobile applications; Entry Manager application; and Content Management System used by Event Organisers (including features contained within this which can be used by Event Organisers for their Events, including but not limited to, ticket widgets and "ticket shop" functionality).
POPIA
: the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013.
UK GDPR:
the GDPR as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (including as further amended or modified by the any existing or subsequent legislation of England and Wales from time to time).
The terms controller, processor, personal data and processing shall have the meaning given in the Data Protection Laws and where POPIA applies, “personal data” includes “personal information”, “controller” includes “responsible party”, “processor” includes “operator”, “special category data” includes “special personal information” and “data subject” includes a juristic person, where applicable.
1.      Important information
2.      Personal data we collect from you
3.      Purposes for which we collect and process personal data
4.      Lawful bases of processing
5.      Notifications and marketing to you
6.      Personal data we provide to event organisers and their marketing to you
7.      Personal data we share with third parties
8.      International transfer of personal data
9.      External websites and social networking features
10.   How we protect your personal data
11.   Retention of personal data
12.   Location Information
13.   Your rights
14.   Laws that require or authorize us to collect personal data
15.   Cookie policy
16.   Update Your Information
17.   Amendments
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Customers and Event Organisers in the United Kingdom and United States enter into this privacy policy with VIPR Digital Limited (company number 08184813) located at 4th Floor, Cameo House, 11 Bear Street, London WC2H 7AS (trading as FIXR). Customers and Event Organisers in South Africa enter into this privacy policy with FIXR Ticketing Proprietary Limited (registration 2023/218762/07), a wholly owned subsidiary of VIPR Digital Limited, located at Unit 11, Neighbourgood, 129 Breet Street, Cape Town Central, Western Cape 8001, South Africa. In this privacy policy, references to “
FIXR
”, “
our
”, “
we
”
and/or “
us
” shall be references to VIPR Digital Limited and/or FIXR Ticketing Proprietary Limited, as the case may be.
If you have any comments or questions about this privacy policy or would like to update your personal data, you can contact us at
team@fixr.co
., by using the chat service on our website (www.fixr.co) or by writing to us at the above address.
For the purposes of Data Protection Law, in some instances we are the controller of your personal data that we process and in some instances we are the processor of your personal data that we process. Where we act as a processor of your personal data, the Event Organiser is the data controller and we process your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy and the terms of a Data Processing Agreement that we enter into with the Event Organiser. You can find a copy of this Data Processing Agreement
here
. We are not responsible for the Event Organiser and you should check the privacy policy of the Event Organiser for information as to how they collect, handle and process your personal data.
Most of the personal data provided to us is provided on a voluntary basis, unless we specify otherwise. If you are not willing to provide personal data to us, we may not be able to deal with you. This will be assessed on a case-by-case basis.
Please note that the Platform is not intended for anyone under the age of 16.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Personal data includes any information relating to a person from which that person can be identified either directly or indirectly.
We may collect a variety of personal data from or about you or your devices from various sources. The information we collect and process may include the following:
Identity Data
: first name, surname, date of birth, gender, approximate location based on your IP address or similar identifier; photographs/video footage of you in attendance at an Event; evidence (including a student ID) you may provide to prove your eligibility for a purchase, promotional offer, exchange, refund, competition, prize draws or similar. If you sign up using a social media account, including Facebook, we will also receive information from those social media services such as such as your name, email address, gender, date of birth, profile photo, and friends.
Contact Data:
billing address, delivery address, home address, postcode, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
: bank details and payment card information. If you make a payment on our Platform, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor, Stripe, on our behalf.
Technical Data:
data, including device properties such as the type and versions of internet browser you are using and any website you may have navigated from to use the Platform, and software you use to access our Platform, including IP address, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens. For the purposes of this privacy policy, “technical data” includes “aggregate” and “de-personalised” information, which is data we collect about the use of FIXR’s services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed. We may use tools or third-party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain technical data that does not directly enable us to identify you. The types of technical data we may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to Media Access Control (MAC) address and identifier for advertising (IDFA) or other device identifier; (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as coarse location; and (v) other technical data as reasonably required by us to enhance our products and services.
Profile Data:
your account login details, username and password for use within our Platform; purchases made by you and your preferences; your social media handle, posts, public profile, follows and likes from a social media network where you interact with us on social media.
Usage Data:
we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Platform, like the pages or other content you view, referrer information (the website you visited before coming to our Platform), the dates and times of your visits, the searches you conduct, and purchases you make.
Marketing and Communications Data:
your preferences in receiving marketing data from us (and, where applicable, Event Organisers) and your communications preferences; information you provide to us with when you contact us by phone, email, post, or when you communicate with us online, which can also be received and stored by third party vendors on our behalf, or via social media (e.g., with a query, complaint or refund request); information about electronic communications you receive from us; and answers you provide when you respond to competitions, votes and surveys (where applicable). When we send you emails, we may use embedded pixels or other technologies to track information about your receipt and interaction with our emails, such as whether and when you open them, whether you access any links included in our emails, how long you read our emails, whether you forward our emails and to whom, your approximate location information, and your device information (described above), to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Platform.
Geo-demographic Data:
such as age range, gender, precise location (with your permission), approximate location based on your IP address, or information about Events you like or attend.
You Contacts.
If you permit us to access the address book on your device, we may access and store names and contact information from your address book to facilitate invitations and social interactions that you initiate through our Platform and for other purposes described in this privacy policy or at the time of consent or collection. We also collect your contacts if you invite them to use our Platform or share information or content with them from our Platform.
Miscellaneous:
other personal data which you may disclose to us when you use the Platform.
Information from Third-party Services
. If you choose to link our Platform to a third-party account, we may receive information about you, including your profile information and your photo, and your use of the third-party account. We may also collect information about you, including your address, your form of payment, your location, and your IP address, from third party services. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts and on third party services to learn about your options.
We do not collect any special category data or details about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, genetic or bio-metric data, health data or data relating to criminal convictions.
We collect and process your personal data in the following ways:
Customers:
When you register, create or login to an account with us using the Platform (or via associated features or tools such as our ticket widgets) or when you enter your details when logged into your account (including when you enter your information under the “Settings” section of the Platform and any information you upload to the Platform).
When you contact us (for example with a query, complaint or refund request).
When you sign-up or agree to receive to receive communications and notifications from us (including for marketing purposes).
When you enter competitions, prize draws or promotional offers.
When you make a purchase or other transaction using the Platform.
When you use a social networking or social media sites or applications to log-in to your account, make use of the Platform’s social networking features or interact with us.
When you choose to make use of any ratings service provided by the Platform.
When you provide your preferences or apply personal settings.
When you respond to surveys or questionnaires we may send you.
When you visit the Platform (including Event information and resources you choose to access and any data you choose to download).
When an Event Organiser raises a complaint about you.
When you answer questions created by an Event Organiser in relation to an Event. For example, if attending a dinner, you may be asked to select a menu choice. Such questions may be wide-ranging and cover a range of topics. Event Organisers can ask to collect any information (excluding special category data) from Customers when Customers register for an Event listed on the Platform. In this instance, we are the processor and the Event Organiser is the controller of such personal data.
When we validate your Event tickets using our Entry Manager software (including where you purchased your ticket outside of the Platform and the Event Organiser uses the Event Manager software to validate those tickets) including time and date of validation and number of tickets admitted or rejected. This information may also be used to determine the validity of refund requests made by you.
Other information that you may consent to give us from time to time.
Event Organisers:
When you register with the Platform, create an account or log-in to your account.
When we make payments to or receive payments from you.
When you contact us (for example with a query or complaint).
When you use a social networking or social media site or application to log-in to your account, make use of the Platform’s social networking features or interact with us.
When a Customer provides ratings information or feedback relating to you or completes a survey or questionnaire relating to you.
When you provide your preferences or apply personal settings.
When you respond to surveys or questionnaires we may send you.
When you visit the Platform (including the resources you choose to access and any data you choose to download and including when you use the Event Manager application).
When a Customer communicates with us relating to you (including queries, complaints and requests for a refund or exchange).
Other information that you may consent to give us from time to time.
Visitors:
Cookies information as set out in our Cookie Policy
here
.
Any other data or information you choose to provide to us.
You are under no obligation to provide any personal information. However, if you choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT AND PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
We will only process your personal data, in accordance with Data Protection Laws, for the following purposes:
To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance the Platform services or other services to you, including allowing purchase of tickets and processing any purchases.
To manage your entry to an Event when the Event Organiser uses our Event Manager application (including where an Event Organiser imports your personal data into the Platform for this purpose).
To respond to communications sent by you including emails, online support enquiries and phone calls.
To contact you by post, instant messages, phone, email, sms, in-app message, in-app notification, push notification or other notification when necessary to discuss the transactions entered into by you on the Platform and for marketing purposes (see “Notifications and Marketing to You” below), including where an Event Organiser imports your personal data into the Platform for the purpose of contacting you using the Platform.
To help us build a profile for you so that we may offer you Event information, promotions and services based on your preferences. In order to tailor such offers appropriately, we undertake profiling of you on the basis of our legitimate interests.
To monitor your use of the Platform and investigate any complaints or potential breaches of use of the Platform.
To notify you of any changes to the Platform, request feedback from you as to your use of the Platform or respond to any communications you send us by using the contact data you have provided.
To identify users of the Platform.
To train, develop, and improve the artificial intelligence, machine learning, and models that we use to support our Platform.
To understand and analyze how you use our Platform and develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
To facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications, such as social networks, music streaming services, and transportation providers.
To generate anonymized or aggregate data containing only de-identified, non-personal information that we may use for any lawful purposes such as to publish reports.
To facilitate transactions and payments.
To respond to any queries, returns, exchange or refund requests or to investigate any dispute.
If you are an Event Organiser, to provide you with relevant reports and information concerning use of the Platform.
For other purposes to which you may consent from time to time.
To comply with applicable law, or the requirements of governing bodies - for example, in response to a request from the police or other emergency services, or a court or regulatory body, where such request is made in accordance with the law. This includes compliance with governing bodies in overseas jurisdictions.
We will use contact data you provide to us for the purposes of contacting you, or enabling third parties to contact you, with information or offers regarding upcoming Events, products, services or surveys. This shall only be done with your consent and our direct marketing policy as explained below.
LAWFUL BASES OF PROCESSING
We will only collect and process your personal data where we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases include consent, contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to ensure you receive tickets you have purchased), legitimate interests and compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time, and, where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. For further information, please see the section headed Your Rights below.
NOTIFICATIONS AND MARKETING TO YOU
Notifications.
From time-to-time, we may send you notifications (including by way of email, sms, in-app messaging, in-app notifications, instant message and push notifications (provided you have opted-in to receiving such notifications). This includes where you "follow" an Event Organiser and where you have opted-in to receive communications from us about an Event Organiser and their Events. When you purchase a ticket from an Event Organiser, unless you specifically opt-out, you will automatically become a “follower” of that Event Organiser, which means that you may receive notifications from them (see “Event Organiser Marketing to You” below for more information on Event Organiser marketing). We will always give you the option to opt-out of receiving notifications by following the unsubscribe instructions on communications sent to you. You can also opt-out of such notifications under the “Settings” section of your account and you can un-follow an Event Organiser at any time. Notifications may include information about an Event, updates to our service and surveys. We may use surveys (or similar) to gather additional information from you so that we can determine if we should introduce additional services or product lines. Notifications may also include communications distributed on our behalf and/or our commercial partners containing, inter alia, promotions, offers, competitions, career and internship opportunities and advertisements.
Service messages
. If necessary, we may send you service emails, for example notifying you of an Event cancellation or important information relating to an Event you are attending, regardless of your preference settings.
Third party marketing.
If you consent by opting-in to receive marketing from third-parties, we may allow carefully selected third parties to send information directly to you which you may find useful regarding their products and services. If you decide to engage with such third-parties, please note that you should check their privacy policy and any terms and conditions that might apply as we are not responsible for third-parties.
Advertisements.
From time-to-time we may display banner (or similar) advertisements or promotions for our commercial partners on the Platform (including within an Event listed on FIXR; on ticket receipts and in follow-up communications if you have attended an Event.
Recruitment Information.
When registering an account with FIXR, you will be asked if you would like to  supply additional information. If you are a student, this will include (but is not limited to): name of university, course length and start year (
Recruitment Information
). In providing us with Recruitment Information, you will be asked if you are happy for us to use this information to communicate with you about career and internship opportunities. This may include displaying advertisements or promotions relating to careers and internships within specific Events listed on FIXR, on ticket receipts for that Event and in follow-up communications if you have attended an Event. These Events may have been selected based on the following criteria: location; university; event-type; links to academic or certain interests; and the demographic of Customers. If you do not consent to us using Recruitment Information to communicate with you about career and internship opportunities, we will not do so, however, we will retain the information you have provided, and may use this to send you other notifications, where we have the necessary consent to do so.
Further third-party sales and marketing.
When you purchase a ticket from FIXR, you may at that time be offered an opportunity to purchase third-party products or services or enter third-party promotions or loyalty programmes. If you expressly consent to purchase those products or services or enter into the promotions or programmes you authorise us to share your contact data, and, where necessary and only where you have consented for us to do so, your financial data with that third-party. If you decide to engage or transact with such third-parties, please note that you should check their privacy policy and any terms and conditions that might apply as we are not responsible for third-parties.
PERSONAL DATA WE PROVIDE TO EVENT ORGANISERS AND THEIR MARKETING TO YOU
Event Organisers delivering their services
In using the Platform, Event Organisers will have access to your personal data as is necessary to enable them to fulfil their contractual obligations to you to provide the Event for which you have purchased a ticket. Event Organisers may use this data to, amongst other things, inform you of Event changes or cancellations, process tickets on entry, validate your eligibility, or deal with any ticketing disputes.
Event Organisers are a data controller of such personal data for the purposes of Data Protection Laws and shall process your personal data in accordance with their own terms of service and privacy policy and in accordance with Data Protection Laws. In acting as a data controller, the Event Organiser will ensure its own compliance with the Data Protection Laws with respect to the processing and handling of personal data.
Event Organiser marketing to you
When booking a ticket to an Event, you will be presented with the opportunity to opt-in to marketing communications from the Event Organiser. If you do not want to receive these communications, you have the choice to opt-out of receiving these when you make your booking. These marketing communications can be sent to you by the Event Organiser using our Platform or outside of our Platform and can be sent to you by us on the Event Organiser’s behalf.
If you decide to opt-in to receiving marketing communications from the Event Organiser when purchasing a ticket to an Event, or do not expressly opt-out when making a purchase (known as a soft-opt in), the Event Organiser will be able to communicate with you about upcoming Events and other similar promotions. When you purchase a ticket from an Event Organiser, unless you specifically opt-out, you will automatically become a “follower” of that Event Organiser, which means that you may receive notifications from them. You can “un-follow” an Event Organiser at any time.  We are not responsible for Event Organisers and you should read their terms or service and privacy policy.
Should you wish to opt-out of such marketing communications from the Event Organiser, you can do so at any time by updating your preferences in your account settings, or by contacting the Event Organiser directly. You can unsubscribe from marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions on communications sent to you.
Ticket sales reps
If you sign-up to rep ticket sales on behalf of an Event Organiser, your contact data will be available to that Event Organiser so that they can monitor rep sales and contact you. You can stop acting as a rep for an Event Organiser at any time and should read their terms of service and privacy policy which will apply.
PERSONAL DATA WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES
In some instances, we provide your personal data to third parties. This will only take place in accordance with Data Protection Laws and for the purposes listed above. Some instances include:
To enable debit or credit card purchases to be transacted, for example through payment providers, banks, credit card companies and ticket merchants.
To third-party merchants for the purposes of redeeming the tickets you purchase through the Platform.
To comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or to uphold or enforce our Terms of Service for Customers and Terms of Service for Event Organisers.
To comply or cooperate with investigations being carried out by the police or other emergency services.
To exchange information with other companies for the purposes of fraud prevention and detection, including police authorities.
To share data with social networking sites, if you allow us to do so.
To check or verify your age or identity.
Subject to your consent, to third parties for marketing purposes, who may contact you by post, email, telephone, SMS or by other means.
To third-party service providers and consultants to protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems, and for business continuity reasons.
To partners, advertisers and merchants who promote the Platform and our services.
To providers of analytical tools.
To service, tool and platform providers.
To online document storage and cloud processing providers.
To professional advisors including lawyers, business affairs consultants, bankers, auditors, insurance brokers and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, business affairs, insurance and accounting services.
To HM Revenue and Customs, the South African Revenue Service and other regulators and authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
To another legal entity, on a temporary or permanent basis, for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganisation, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event. In the case of a merger or sale, your personal data will be permanently transferred to a successor company.
To any other third-party where you have provided your consent.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
We may transfer your personal data to a third-party in countries outside the country in which it was originally collected for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out above. For example, your personal data may be transferred to our outsourced service providers or payment providers located abroad. In these circumstances we will, as required by Data Protection Laws, ensure that your privacy rights are adequately protected by appropriate technical, organisation, contractual or other lawful means.
EXTERNAL WEBSITES AND SOCIAL NETWORKING FEATURES
Event Organisers may provide information about their events and links to external websites and social media profiles. Information that Event Organisers disclose for these purposes becomes public information and you should exercise caution when accessing such links.
The Platform may, from time to time, contain links to external websites, or external websites may host our ticketing widget functionality. We are not responsible for the terms and conditions, data protection, privacy, or security (including SSL compliance and data encryption practices) or content of such websites.
Please take care when using the Platform’s social networking features since the information you choose to make available may be seen by other users of the social network. We do not monitor the use of such features in the normal course of business although we reserve the right to do so at our discretion.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We treat the security of personal data provided by you very seriously. All information that you provide to us is stored by us or on our behalf on servers based in the UK or other European Economic Area (“EEA”) Countries.
We do not store credit or debit card information on our servers. We use Stripe, a leading PCI compliant service payment provider, to store your debit and credit card information. Stripe has been audited by an independent PCI Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) and holds the highest level of certification given by card issuers (PCI-DSS Level 1),
When transferring your personal data we protect it with multiple layers of security, including leading encryption technology like HTTPS and Transport Layer Security.
Any transactions completed using our ticketing widget functionality are secured by SSL technology, and any payment information entered is encrypted by our payment provider Stripe in the same way as a direct transaction through the Platform.
Your data is backed up to servers in different geographical locations within the EEA in order to provide resilience against fire or other disasters.
We monitor our services and underlying infrastructure to protect them from threats, including spam, malware, viruses and other forms of malicious code.
LOCATION INFORMATION
You can prevent your mobile device from sharing precise location information at any time through your device’s operating system settings. However, location is core to our Platform and without it, you may not be able to successfully use our Platform.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We retain your personal data only for as long as we think is necessary. Personal data that we collect will be retained for as long as needed to fulfil the purposes outlined under the Purposes for which we process personal data section above, in line with our legitimate and lawful interest or for a period specifically required by applicable regulations or laws, such as retaining the information for regulatory reporting purposes.
When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including: our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the personal data concerned; legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time; statute of limitations under applicable law(s); our legitimate interests where we have carried out balancing tests; (potential) disputes; and guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your personal data where we no longer require your information for the purposes collected.
We may keep an anonymised form of your personal data, which will no longer be able to identify you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
YOUR RIGHTS
Data Protection Law may provide you with numerous rights, including the right to: access, rectify, erase, restrict, transport, and object to the processing of, your personal data. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if they believe that your personal data is not being processed in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
You may have the following rights:
Right to make subject access request (SAR)
You may, where permitted by applicable law, request copies of your personal data. If you would like to make a SAR, (i.e., a request for copies of the personal data we hold about you), please contact us using the contact information provided above and below. You may be required to submit a proof of your identity.
Right to rectification
You may request that we rectify any inaccurate and/or complete any incomplete personal data. You can also access your own account details and amend them yourself at any time by going to the “Settings” page within your account.
Right to withdraw consent
You may withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to access the entire Platform or benefit from certain service features for which the processing of your personal data is essential.
Right to object to processing, including automated processing and profiling
You may request that we stop processing your personal data. In relation to automated processing and profiling, you may object to the processing.
Right to erasure
You may request that we erase your personal data and, unless there is a lawful reason for not doing so, we will comply with your request. For example, there may be an overriding legitimate ground for keeping your personal data, such as, a legal obligation.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances, you may request that we provide your personal data to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have it transferred to another provider of the same or similar services. We will comply with such transfer obligations as far as it is technically feasible. Please note that a transfer to another provider does not imply erasure of your personal data which may still be required for legitimate and lawful purposes.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
We suggest that you contact us about any questions or if you have a complaint in relation to how we process your personal data. However, you do have the right to contact the relevant supervisory authority directly. To contact the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom, please visit the ICO website for instructions. To contact the Information Regulator where POPIA applies visit
https://eservices.inforegulator.org.za/
.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us at team@fixr.co or by using the chat service on our website (www.fixr.co). You can also write to us at the address above.
LAWS THAT REQUIRE OR AUTHORIZE US TO COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
Our Promotion of Access to Information Act manual sets out the laws which require or authorize us to collect personal data.
COOKIE POLICY
Please refer to our Cookie Policy
here
.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
You can update your account and profile information or close your account through your account settings, contacting us at team@fixr.co., by using the chat service on our website (www.fixr.co) or by writing to us at 4th Floor, Cameo House, 11 Bear Street, London WC2H 7AS.
AMENDMENTS
We may amend this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes to the Platform, services provided thereunder or our general terms of use.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 27th September 2024.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://fixr.co/legal:
fixr.co
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
fixr.co needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for fixr.co to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue