HealthCareMagic is now Ask A Doctor - 24x7 | https://www.askadoctor24x7.com
Are you a Doctor?
Login
Register
Facebook
Twitter
search
User
Doctor
Your Name :
Your e-mail :
Password :
Confirm Password :
Your information is secure
I Agree to
Terms & Conditions
Remember me
Register
Already registered? Login
Your Name :
Your e-mail :
Continue
Already registered? Login
Your e-mail :
Password :
Remember me
Forgot password?
By proceeding further you accept the
Terms and Conditions
Login
OR
Sign in with Google
Don't have account? Register
//ajax success content here.
Your e-mail :
Mobile :
Title:
Title :
Report Problem :
Submit
Please read the terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions"), "Disclaimer" and "Privacy Policy" carefully before registering and/or using the www.askadoctor24x7.com website (the "Site").
Disclaimer
Fair Usage Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
By accepting these Terms and Conditions, you warrant that you have fully read and understood the Terms and Conditions without any impairment in judgment resulting from (but not limited to) mental illness, mental handicap, intoxication, medication, or any other health or other problem that could impair judgment.
By visiting, accessing or registering on this Site, you unconditionally accept to be bound by the terms and conditions provided herein below ("Terms of Service"). If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, please do not access or use this Site. You agree and confirm that the Terms of Service may be amended from time to time without notice. Please ensure that you periodically update yourself of the current version of the Terms of Service. Information or advice provided on the Site by professionals should be used merely as a guide rather than a definitive recommendation to adopt any specific action or treatment. Unified Health Solution Private Limited (also called Ask A Doctor - 24x7, Physicians on Call Pte. Ltd.), the owner of the Site, ("https://www.askadoctor24x7.com") and professionals who offer services through the Site accept no responsibility for any medical, legal or financial events or outcomes related to services attained through the use of the Site, which is being provided on an as is basis as a platform to get health information.
All users must be 18 years or older.
The information on this Website (including but not limited to live chat, emails, phone support) is provided for general informational purposes only and SHOULD NOT be relied upon as a substitute for sound professional medical advice, evaluation or care from your physician or other qualified healthcare provider. Nothing on this Website should be used for treating or diagnosing a medical or health condition or for replacing any relationship with your physician or other qualified healthcare provider. The health information furnished on this Website and the interactive responses (if any) furnished by or through, this Website are not intended to or implied to be professional medical advice. You are recommended to consult other sources and confirm the information contained within this Website. Consult your own physician regarding the applicability of any opinions or recommendations with respect to your symptoms or medical condition. For medical concerns, including decisions about medications and other treatments, you should always consult your physician or other, qualified healthcare professional. In serious cases, seek immediate assistance from emergency personnel. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem or condition, please contact a physician or other qualified healthcare provider immediately. YOU SHOULD NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON THIS WEBSITE (including but not limited to live chat, emails, phone support). No medications, diet supplements or treatments as may be described on this Website should be taken or begun without first consulting your physician or other healthcare provider. Reliance on any information provided by any professional through the Site, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 employees, or other visitors to the Site is solely at your own risk.
Nothing transmitted to or from this Site constitutes the establishment of a doctor-patient relationship between you and any professional who uses Ask A Doctor - 24x7 website. The site is not intended to prescribe medicine and diagnose a medical condition. The Site is not intended to be used to treat a medical emergency or medical condition. The Site is not intended to be used to Advise or resolve legal, medical or financial issues. For any medical emergency, immediately contact the emergency number in your country. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 does not regularly review the questions , answers and public forum posts on the Site and the views expressed therein are those of the individuals who post the content and do not necessarily reflect those of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 , its owners, managers, directors, employees, agents, partners, advertisers or affiliates. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 assumes no responsibility for the posts or the information contained therein, nor does it make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, suitability or completeness of any of the information on the Site or in the posts. All advice and/or information obtained directly or indirectly from the Site are provided at your own risk.
For health advice in particular, but not exclusively, before acting on any of the advice, the user should confirm that such action is applicable and suitable by referring to his or her own medical practitioner or attaining the second and third opinion of other medical practitioners. The limitations associated with consultations or other services exclusive of physical examination, in person advice or onsite and extensive investigations should be recognized. Neither Ask A Doctor - 24x7 nor any of its owners, managers, directors, employees, agents, partners, advertisers or affiliates assumes any legal responsibility for any incorrect or misleading information provided by any professional or contained within the Site.
Access to the Site and Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain states or countries. If you access the Site from outside India, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. Provisions relating to the liability of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and its licensors, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement, survive the expiration or termination of these Terms of Use for any reason whatsoever. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 makes no claim that the contents of the Site, such as text, graphics, images and information obtained from service providers and any other material contained on the Site (the "Content") is appropriate or may be downloaded in a particular jurisdiction.
You also agree that you understand that the professionals that participate may or may not be affiliated with, employed by or agents of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and that we make no representations as to the qualifications of any of the physicians who participate in the network. Any listing, name, content, material of any professional or firm found on this site does not constitute any endorsement or recommendations. When deciding to take advice and/or hire any professional or firm, you should do your own independent research as to the accuracy of the credentials expressed in the Content.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 may, without giving notice, delete any account or information contained on the Site for any reason whatsoever.
              You agree that you will not use the Site to post any advertisement or other commercial message. You agree that you will not post any knowingly false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, harassing, obscene, sexually oriented or threatening message or material that is illegally invasive of another person's privacy. Upon receiving any complaints, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 will attempt to delete any inappropriate posts as quickly as possible; however, the submissions are generally posted in real-time and are not reviewed by Ask A Doctor - 24x7 before they are posted to the Site.
The Content ("Copyright Content") is protected by copyright under both Central and State laws, and foreign laws. Title to the Copyright Content remains with Ask A Doctor - 24x7 or its licensors. Any use of the Copyright Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of the Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Inquiries or applications for permission to copy any Copyright Content otherwise than is permitted by these Terms and Conditions should be directed to info@askadoctor24x7.com. Content and features on the Site, including these Terms and Conditions are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 . All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and its licensors. If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the Copyright Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Copyright Content.
You agree that you use the Site on your own free will and it is not guided by any promotional emails, phone calls and advertisements from Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and its affiliates and partners. The use of the Site and the Content is at your own risk. When using the Site, information will be transmitted over a medium which, in many cases, is beyond the control and jurisdiction of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 . Accordingly, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site. The Site and the Content are provided on an "as is" basis. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 , its licensors, and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties' rights, and fitness for particular purpose. Specifically, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 makes no representations, warranties or guarantees about the following:
The accuracy, reliability, completeness, correctness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the Site.
The satisfaction of government regulations or the laws of any jurisdiction with regard to the ability to use the Site or requiring disclosure of information contained on the Site.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither Ask A Doctor - 24x7 , its licensors, its suppliers, nor any third parties mentioned on the Site shall, in any event whatsoever, be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption, including any computer virus) resulting from the use or inability to use the Site or the Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Ask A Doctor - 24x7 is advised of the possibility of such damages.
To the fullest extent permitted by law any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site and any of its Content, must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 does not endorse any professional and does not intend to be a source of advertising, solicitation or legal advice on behalf of any professional. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Site, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 does not endorse any product advertised on the Site.
The information on this Website is not exhaustive and is provided "AS IS" and without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. All implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use are hereby excluded. Disclaimer of Liability of Ask A Doctor - 24x7, if any, for damages (including without limitation liability arising out of tort, strict liability, negligence, contract or patent or copyright infringement) shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the fees paid, if any, to Ask A Doctor - 24x7 for the particular information or service provided on this Website or (ii) Rs.100 (Indian Rupees). Askadoctor24x7.com shall not be liable under any theory of indemnity. In no event shall Ask A Doctor - 24x7 be liable for any damages other than the amount referred to above. All other damages, direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law, even if askadoctor24x7.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 expressly disclaims and DOES NOT WARRANT that the functioning of this Website will be uninterrupted or error free; that any errors will be corrected; that any information on this Website is complete, accurate (although Ask A Doctor - 24x7 strives for accuracy), or timely (or will be updated); and that this Website, or the server that makes it available, is or will be free of viruses or other harmful components. You are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from downloading any material from this Website.
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT Ask A Doctor - 24x7 , ITS LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE RESULTS OF YOUR DECISIONS RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR CHOOSING TO SEEK OR NOT TO SEEK PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL CARE, OR YOUR CHOOSING OR NOT CHOOSING SPECIFIC TREATMENT BASED ON THE INFORMATION ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE (Including but not limited to Live Chat, Email, Phone).
You agree that you are solely responsible for anything you post on the Site and that you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Ask A Doctor - 24x7 , its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions or any claims based upon your posts/submissions on the Site. You further consent to abide by the spam policies. Failure to do so may result in cancellation of your account with Ask A Doctor - 24x7 . The use of this Site is entirely at your own risk, and in no event shall Ask A Doctor - 24x7 be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or any other monetary or other damages, fees, fines, penalties, or liabilities arising out of or relating in any way to this Site, or sites accessed through this Site, and/or content or information provided herein. Your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the Site is to stop using the Site.
You expressly understand and agree that:
Your use of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 is at your sole risk. The site is provided on an "as is" basis and without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 expressly disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express or implied. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 does not make any warranty.
1)
that the site will meet your requirements or is merchantable or fit for a particular purpose,
2)
that the site will be error-free or bug-free,
3)
regarding the security, reliability, timeliness, or performance of the site,
4)
that any errors in the site will be corrected,
5)
accuracy, suitability or completeness of the information contained in the site,
6)
regarding the qualifications of the professionals that provide services or advice on the site,
7)
any incorrect information or advice provided by the professionals or contained within the site,
8)
for any medical, legal or financial events or outcomes related to services attained through the use of this site and
9)
delay in calling back or reconnecting, to obtain complete advice from the professional
10)
any information or materials obtained by using this site,
11)
your choice to seek professional medical advice, or your choice of choosing a specific service/package based on the information provided through this site, is done at your sole discretion and/or risk.
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with Ask A Doctor - 24x7 , or in any way relating to your use of the Site, resides in the courts of India and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the Bangalore, India in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving Ask A Doctor - 24x7 or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive Indian laws of the land, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede all other agreements relating to the subject matter, and set out the complete legal relationship between Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and any other party arising from or connected with the subject matter. For the voidance of doubt, in the case of any conflict between these Terms and Conditions, and any other agreement, these www.askadoctor24x7.com Terms and Conditions apply only.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 reserves the right to place any third party advertisements on the Site at any time and without notice or liability. You are prohibited from republishing, selling, duplicating, or "scraping" for commercial or any other purpose whatsoever any of the data or other information contained therein, in whole or in part, in any medium whatsoever. The Directory Listing is provided on an "AS-IS" basis. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 does not warrant or represent that the Directory Listing or any part thereof is accurate or complete. You assume full responsibility for the communications with any doctor or hospital or other healthcare services providers you contact through the Directory Listing. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 shall in no event be liable to you or to anyone for any decision made or action taken by you in the reliance on information provided on our portal.
By using the Ask A Doctor - 24x7, you agree to the Terms and Conditions.
Disclaimer
Information provided on this website is courtesy of Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and its partners. The information is provided on an as is and as available basis
              
              Ask A Doctor - 24x7 provides its content on this website to you, subject to the Conditions for Use ("Conditions"), which may be updated by Ask A Doctor - 24x7 from time to time without notice. You should review the Conditions periodically for changes
              
              Ask A Doctor - 24x7 gathers data from a variety of different sources, public and private. While we strive to provide the most accurate, up-to-date information possible, we can't guarantee that our listings are completely without error. If you feel some data is missing or inaccurate, you can submit updated information
              
              The materials are not exhaustive, and the content will not always reflect all the recent research in all areas of medicine. Information presents the more commonly found aspects of medical conditions which are likely to be of general interest, and for editorial reasons may not include certain substantive and commonly found phenomena
              
              Ask A Doctor - 24x7 makes no representation or warranties of any kind, express or implied, on the information content or operation of this site. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 makes no representations concerning the quality of the products and services listed on this site, and information or links to other websites do not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by Ask A Doctor - 24x7
              
              Your contact details and certain other information about you are subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, please scroll down to see our Privacy Policy
              
              Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers and merchants found on or through our website, including payment and delivery of healthcare services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser or merchant. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that Ask A Doctor - 24x7 shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers and merchants on our website.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 recommends users who find inappropriate content to contact us immediately in order that we may take such action as we in our sole discretion deem fit, including removing any content. In addition, we reserve the right and the Moderators are authorized to remove any material of which they are aware which infringes these terms of use or which we otherwise consider inappropriate.
Fair Usage Policy
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 reserves the right to stop or defer answering questions in case of excessive use or unfair use of a subscription as determined by the Ask A Doctor - 24x7 Team in its sole discretion. This policy is applicable for all the users who are on any usage plan including the unlimited usage plan.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and, to better protect it, we have we provided you with an explanation of our Privacy Policy below. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, we kindly ask you to leave the site.
Do not disclose any personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, your name, email  address, phone number, and date of birth in any section of the website, irrespective of whether you have paid for the service or not. The information you submit to Ask A Doctor - 24x7 may be used to help other users who are searching for information about similar health conditions. Any information that you submit to Ask A Doctor - 24x7 is searchable by search engines
The information you submit to Ask A Doctor - 24x7 may be seen by service providers, such as doctors, or by operations and maintenance teams repairing and maintaining our technical systems. Ask A Doctor - 24x7 does not have Non-Disclosure Agreements with these parties, who may be able to access your information.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 may use the information you submit to Ask A Doctor - 24x7 to study results and produce reports. Such information may be shared with Ask A Doctor - 24x7 partners and advertisers under the sole discretion of Ask A Doctor - 24x7.
In the case of danger to self or others, and in the case of any legal investigation, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 has the right to share your information with the law enforcement authorities.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7's websites contain links to other sites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website collecting personal information.
We will send emails to the email address you provide, and we will call the phone numbers you provide, if required. In case you have given a wrong email address or phone number for correspondence, Ask A Doctor - 24x7 is not responsible for any loss of information or privacy.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, show Ask A Doctor - 24x7's ads on sites across the Internet.
Ask A Doctor - 24x7 and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and deliver ads based on someone's past visits to our website.
Your use of the site, the services and the content is subject to the above Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, Fair Usage Policy and Disclaimer. If you find these Conditions unacceptable, we request that you do not use this portal.
Last updated: August 17, 2012
We use cookies in order to offer you most relevant experience and using this website you acknowledge that you have already read and understood our
Privacy Policy
Got It !
[x]
Your e-mail
Password
Remember me
By proceeding further you accept the
Terms and Conditions
Sign-In »
Forgot your password?
Don't have account? Register »
User
Doctor
Your Name
Your e-mail
Password
Confirm Password
Your information is secure
I Agree to
Terms & Conditions
Remember me
Register Now »
Your Name
Your e-mail
Continue »
Already registered? Login »