Tomorrowland 2024 - Privacy Statement
TOMORROWLAND BELGIUM 2024 - PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last modified on June 14, 2024.
First of all, Tomorrowland is excited that you are interested in this great application (the 'Application'). Tomorrowland does its utmost to make sure that you do not need to worry about the protection of your Personal Data when you are using the Application. This privacy policy describes how Tomorrowland uses the Personal Data you provide whilst using the Application.
Tomorrowland may ask you to share certain Personal Data, including but not limited to your first name, last name, and e-mail address (identification data). For certain specific obligations, you may be required to provide Tomorrowland with additional data, such as billing or payment data. For these purposes, Tomorrowland bases itself on the processing grounds of the necessity for the execution of the contract, the legal obligation, its legitimate interest, and in some cases, your consent (see also section 2).
If you do not wish to share any Personal Data, you will not be able to use the Application and Tomorrowland suggests uninstalling it on your mobile device. The processing of your Personal Data is subject to this privacy statement. In case you have questions or remarks concerning this policy, Tomorrowland invites you to contact
dpo@tomorrowland.com
. By providing your Personal Data, you are deemed to have acknowledged the use of your Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy.
DEFINITIONS
Affiliated Company;
means a company that is affiliated to Appmiral insofar as it meets the conditions for an “affiliated company” as set out in article 1:20 of the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations, such as, for example, but not limited to, its subsidiary companies.
Application;
means the “Tomorrowland Belgium” application that is developed for mobile devices for iOS- and Android-operating systems, customized and operated by Appmiral, which acts as a Processor in this respect.
Appmiral;
means BV Appmiral, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of Belgium, with its registered office situated at Scheldestraat 11, 2000 Antwerp (Belgium) and registered in the Belgian Crossroads Bank for Enterprises with number 0835.673.410.
Controller;
has the meaning as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. The Organizer will be qualified as the Controller concerning the processing of Personal Data within the framework of the Application which determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Organizer;
means the company that hosts the event for which the Application is used : Tomorrowland Belgium – WEAREONE.world BV, with its registered office situated at Korte Vlierstraat 6, 2000 Antwerp (Belgium) and registered in the Belgian Crossroads Bank for Enterprises with number 0867.239.782.(hereafter “Tomorrowland”, “we” or “us”)
Personal Data;
has the meaning as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, which is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (also referred to as “data subject”).
Processor;
has the meaning as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, which is the entity or the person that processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
PURPOSES AND LEGAL GROUNDS
CUSTOMER DATA
Within the framework of the Application, Tomorrowland collects and processes the identification and contact data of its customers. The data may be processed for the purposes of execution of the agreement with the customers, customer management, accounting, and direct marketing activities such as sending promotional or commercial information. The legal grounds for this processing are the necessity for the execution of the contract, compliance with a legal obligation to which Tomorrowland is subject (amongst others, the Belgian accounting legislation), its legitimate interest, and in some cases, your consent.
Specifically, Tomorrowland may use the Personal Data it collects for the following purposes:
to allow you to make use of the Application and the Application’s functionalities, features, and services (for example blogs, forums, and discussion pages);
to provide you with information about Tomorrowland's products and services (via e.g. push notifications, SMS text messages, email, and/or other channels), when you subscribe to this;
to process and respond to any complaints or requests;
to locate you, when you consent, in order to share your location with Tomorrowland;
to help us in evaluating, correcting, and improving the Application and any related products or services;
when you consent,
for direct marketing purposes;
for internal reasons, including business administration and filing purposes.
To access features such as Ticket Overview or Cachless Top-up, you might be asked to log in to your Tomorrowland Account via the Tomorrowland Belgium Application. The creation of a Tomorrowland Account is not obligatory to access this application, but enables a number of additional features as set out above. Please be aware that the Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy applicable to the the Tomorrowland Account will also apply here when you use these additional features.
THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Every time you, as a user, submit Personal Data, Tomorrowland shall handle this information in accordance with the stipulations of this privacy policy and the legal obligations within the scope of the processing of Personal Data, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679.
Tomorrowland establishes reasonable measures and procedures to secure and protect the Personal Data it collects via the Application or via electronic correspondence. This way, Tomorrowland undertakes, as far as can reasonably be expected, to prevent the illegal processing of Personal Data and unintentional loss or removal of your Personal Data.
Tomorrowland seeks to optimize the security of your Personal Data by limiting access to your Personal Data to persons on a “need-to-know” basis (for example only Tomorrowland employees, associates, Affiliated Companies, or subcontractors who need your Personal Data for the purposes as described in this policy shall receive permission to access the data).
HOW DOES TOMORROWLAND COLLECT PERSONAL DATA AND FOR HOW LONG IS IT KEPT?
Collection of data
Tomorrowland collects your Personal Data – without being exhaustive – in the following cases:
when you fill in the registration form customized by Tomorrowland to register to the Application;
when you register to the Application through your social media account (Facebook);
when you use the Application as a result whereof Tomorrowland will detect your location when you consent to this;
when you file a complaint or ask for information;
when you call, email, or correspond with Tomorrowland in another way than via the Application.
Tomorrowland avoids the collection of Personal Data that is not relevant for the purposes, as set out in this policy.
Tomorrowland can combine the Personal Data it collects via the Application with information that you provide in another way or which third parties deliver.
Retention of data
Personal Data will be stored and processed by Tomorrowland for the duration that is required in relation to the purposes of the processing.
Customer data will be removed from Tomorrowland's systems one year after the last time you log in to the Application, except for the Personal Data that Tomorrowland has to store for a longer duration, based on specific legal obligations or in case of pending litigation(s).
Tomorrowland avoids the collection of Personal Data that is not relevant for the purposes set out in this policy.
Transfer of Personal Data
Tomorrowland will not transfer your Personal Data to third parties outside the European Economic Area, unless the third party resides in a country that has been found adequate by the European Commission or unless it has Standard Contractual Clauses as provided by the European Commission, in place.
Furthermore, Tomorrowland will not transfer your Personal Data to third parties inside the European Economic Area without your permission, except:
when such transfer is necessary to permit Affiliated Companies, associates, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, or commercial partners to provide a service or accomplish a task in our name (including providing marketing support, accomplishing market research, or providing customer services);
if it is required by law.
Any transfer of Personal Data to one of the third parties mentioned in the list above is in accordance with the stipulations of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679.
We ensure that measures are taken to make sure that third parties cannot use your Personal Data for other purposes than, and according to the purposes mentioned in this policy, and that these third parties have taken the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect the data involved.
We will have data processing agreements in place with the aforementioned third parties and, if applicable, Standard Contractual Clauses as provided by the European Commission, in order to ensure the security of the Personal Data.
We shall take all necessary precautionary measures to assure that our employees and associates who have access to Personal Data will process these Personal Data exclusively in accordance with this privacy policy and our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
Rights of the data subject
Data protection legislation provides various rights for the data subject with regard to the processing of personal data to ensure the data subject has sufficient control over the processing of their personal data.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send a request to this effect to our Data Protection Officer at the following email address: dpo@tomorrowland.com. This request should be formulated clearly and as concretely as possible, in order to give us the opportunity to respond as specifically as possible.
If there is any doubt about the identity of the person concerned, we may ask to verify it, in order to prevent an unauthorised person from exercising your rights. In that case we will contact the person concerned and together with him/her seek the most appropriate way to establish his/her identity.
We aim to comply with a request within one month. If this is not possible, we will inform the person concerned as soon as possible of its option to extend this period by two months. If we are unable to comply with your request, we will inform the person concerned, giving reasons, within an appropriate period.
Please be aware that exercising certain rights may affect the performance of our services.
The right of information
You are entitled to be informed about the processing of your personal data. This information must be provided in an accurate, transparent, comprehensible and easily accessible manner, in clear and simple language. In concrete terms, one can exercise this right by consulting this privacy notice. For more information, one can contact our data protection officer using the aforementioned details.
The right of access to Personal Data
You are entitled to receive confirmation from us whether your personal data is processed by us, at your request. If we do process your personal data, you are entitled to request to view your personal data.
We will produce a copy of the personal data relating to you in our records upon request. Should you make repeated and disproportionate requests for copies of the said data, we reserve the right to charge you a reasonable fee.
The right to rectification of Personal Data
Tomorrowland kindly asks you to help make sure that the Personal Data in its records is as accurate and up-to-date as possible. If you believe that the Personal Data submitted to Tomorrowland is incorrect or incomplete, please notify Tomorrowland as described above. Tomorrowland will correct or adapt your Personal Data as soon as possible.
The right to erasure of Personal Data
In some circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of your Personal Data without undue delay.
Those circumstances include:
the unnecessity to hold the Personal Data any longer in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
the withdrawing of the consent to consent-based processing;
the objection to the processing in case of processing based on our legitimate interest, when the personal interests of the data subject prevail over our legitimate interests;
in case the Personal Data has been unlawfully processed; or
the erasure of the data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation under European or Belgian law.
However, there are certain general exclusions of the right to erasure. Those general exclusions include where processing is necessary:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation; or
for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
The right to restrict the processing of Personal Data
In the following circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data:
for contesting the accuracy of the Personal Data;
when the processing is unlawful, but you don't want the Personal Data to be erased;
when we no longer require the data but you do not request we delete the data because the data is required for the pursuance or defence of legal claims; or
when you objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection.
Where processing has been restricted on this basis, Tomorrowland may continue to store your Personal Data. However, Tomorrowland will only process it with your explicit consent, for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of important public interest.
The right to object to the processing of Personal Data
You have the right to object to Tomorrowland’s processing of your Personal Data, under the following circumstances:
when Tomorrowland processes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for these purposes) based on Tomorrowland’s legitimate interest; and
on grounds relating to your particular situation (special personal circumstances).
The right to data portability
If you wish to exercise your right to data portability, Tomorrowland will send the Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format to a data controller of your choice. This is an option when the processing is based on your consent or on the necessity of the performance of a contract and processing happens via an automated procedure.
The right to withdraw consent
To the extent that the legal basis for Tomorrowland’s processing of your Personal Data is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. However, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
The right not to be subject to automated individual decision making
You are entitled not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority
You can file a complaint with the Data Protection Authority (“
Gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit
”) by sending an e-mail to contact@apd-gba.be or by sending a written request to the Data Protection Authority, situated at Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels (Belgium). If you are dissatisfied with the way we process your personal data or if you intend to lodge a complaint, we encourage you to first get in touch with our data protection officer using the aforementioned details, in order to reach a quick solution to this problem together.
GEOLOCALISATION
Your Personal Data is used for detecting your location while using the Application. Tomorrowland will store such information for the limited duration of 6 months maximum. Tomorrowland will only use your Personal Data for this purpose if you have explicitly agreed to this by opting in. You have an unconditional right to opt-out at any time you want by sending an e-mail to dpo@tomorrowland.com or by turning off the ‘Location’ and ‘Background Location’ button in the settings of the Application.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
The Application may contain links to other websites that are not controlled by Tomorrowland. Although Tomorrowland will do its utmost to make sure that the links in the Application lead exclusively to websites that have corresponding security and confidentiality standards, Tomorrowland is not responsible for the protection and confidentiality of data, among which Personal Data, which you submit on other websites after you have left the Application.
---
Before submitting personal information on other sites Tomorrowland recommends that you proceed carefully and consult the privacy statement which applies on the website concerned before submitting Personal Data.
Amendments
Tomorrowland has the right to change this privacy policy at any time by publishing a new version on the Application. Tomorrowland recommends consulting the Application on a regular basis in order to verify that you agree to any changes made to this privacy policy. In any event, you will be informed of any changes to this privacy policy by e-mail.