Privacy policy
Last updated: January 22, 2023
WHO WE ARE
https://irondesertgame.com/
,
https://jungleheatgame.com
(the “Websites”), Games and related Services
                            (as defined below) are provided by
Innova Co. SARL
,
located at 16 Rue Erasme, L-1468
                            Luxembourg (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”)
                            as it is defined hereinbelow and
                            distributors of the Game as provided by our
                            End User License Agreement accessible online
                            at
https://irondesertgame.com/eula
and
https://jungleheatgame.com/eula
(the “EULA”).
The Company is in the terms of the GDPR the
                        controller of the personal data we process,
                        unless we precisely state otherwise.
This Privacy Policy shall be read alongside, and
                        in addition to EULA.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect and
                        use your personal information when you (i) use
                        the services offered by the Company and its
                        subsidiaries and distributors of the Game as
                        provided by EULA by visiting our website; (ii)
                        use games and the Websites as defined in EULA;
                        and (iii) register an account, if any, (an
                        “Account”) and use the mobile, online, and
                        downloadable products, including, games and
                        services (the “Services”) offered by the Company
                        and distributors of the Game as provided in
                        EULA, on the Websites and the choices available
                        to you in connection with our use of your
                        personal information (the “Privacy Policy”).
It is reminded that information collected via
                        the Services offered by the Company and its
                        distributors is used by the Company, responsible
                        for its processing.
In case of any contradictions between this
                        Privacy Policy and EULA, this Privacy Policy
                        will prevail.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY
By making the Services available, we, acting
                        reasonably and in good faith, believe that you:
have all necessary rights to register an
                                Account, and use the Services;
provide true information about yourself
                                to the extent necessary for the use of
                                the Services;
understand that, by posting your
                                personal information, if there is such a
                                technical possibility in the Services,
                                and where it is accessible by other
                                users of the Services, you have
                                manifestly made this information public,
                                and this information may become
                                available to other Websites users and
                                Internet users, be copied, and be
                                disseminated by them;
understand that some types of
                                information transferred by you to other
                                Service users cannot be deleted by you
                                or by us;
are aware of and accept this Privacy
                                Policy.
We do not check the user information received
                        from you, except where such a check is necessary
                        in order for us to fulfill our obligations to
                        you.
Please, note that the Websites and/or the
                        Services are not anyhow directed to children
                        under 13 years and when advertising our
                        services, we do not target children. Use of the
                        Services by children requires prior parental
                        control and permission. We do not knowingly
                        obtain personal information of children under 13
                        years.
If you are under 13, please do not use the
                        Services and do not provide any of your
                        information to us, do not create an Account
                        and/or post any of your information on our
                        Websites. If we reveal, that we have
                        unintentionally received personal data of a
                        child under 13 years we will delete the said
                        data.
Should you believe, that we collected personal
                        data of children or the child posted his data
                        within the Websites without relevant parental
                        consent, please contact us, so that we could
                        promptly delete irrelevant data and take all the
                        necessary steps. However, please be aware that
                        in certain cases such
requests may not result in full deletion of
                        respective data.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
In order to implement the agreement between you
                        and us, and provide you with access the Games
                        and to the use of the Services, we will improve,
                        develop, and implement new features of our
                        Services, and enhance the functionality of the
                        available Services. To achieve these objectives,
                        and in compliance with applicable laws, we will
                        collect, store, aggregate, organise, extract,
                        compare, use, and supplement your data
                        (hereinafter “processing”). We will also receive
                        and pass this data, and our automatically
                        processed analyses of this data, to our
                        affiliates and partners as set out in the table
                        below and in section 4 of this Privacy Policy.
We set out in more detail the information we
                        collect when you use the Game, the Services why
                        we collect and process it, and the legal basis
                        below.
General clauses, which shall apply to your use
                        of the Websites and the Services related to the
                        Company:
Information Collected Purpose Legal Basis
1
Data you provide for registering in
                                    the Services, including your e-mail
                                    and/or other identifiers available
We use this information in order to
                                    manage and administer the Services
                                    provided to you. We use this data to
                                    enable us to fulfill our obligations
                                    to you as part of the Services (e.g.
                                    in cases where you request
                                    restoration of your Account). See
                                    section
8.3 of this Privacy Policy for more
                                    information.
We also may process your personal
                                    data based on your consent, where it
                                    is so indicated.
contract with you (Article 6(1)(b)
                                    of the GDPR)
your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the
                                    GDPR)
2
Additional data you provide when you
                                    create or edit your Account or other
                                    related pages, including your
                                    nickname, avatar picture and
                                    language preferences.
We use this information in order to
                                    provide our Services to you, to
                                    manage and administer Services, and
                                    as additional information to verify
                                    your Account to prevent abuse and
                                    infringement of your or other
                                    persons’ rights.
We use this information in order to
                                    tailor and improve the
                                    advertisements that may be presented
                                    on the Websites and in our other
                                    products and services that you may
                                    choose to use, and to measure the
                                    effectiveness of these
                                    advertisements.
We also may process your personal
                                    data based on your consent, where it
                                    is so indicated.
contract with you (Article 6(1)(b)
                                    of the GDPR)
our legitimate interest (Article
                                    6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the
                                    GDPR)
3
Additional data received when you
                                    access the Services, including
                                    information regarding technical
                                    devices, technical interaction with
                                    the Service such as your User ID,
IP-address, mac-address, time of
                                    registration in the Service, device
                                    IDs, country and language settings,
                                    device brand and model and operating
                                    system used, its version, whether it
                                    is rooted or jailbroken or not,
                                    system information and memory and
                                    disk usage data, screen resolution,
                                    screen orientation, RAM size,
                                    Facebook ID (linked to the
                                    application), Google Play ID (linked
                                    to the application), Game Center id
                                    (linked to the application), push
                                    token, game region, timezone, Apple
                                    IDFA (if available).
We use your data for internal review
                                    in order to constantly improve the
                                    content of our Services and web
                                    pages, to optimize your user
                                    experience, to understand any errors
                                    you may encounter when using the
                                    Services, to notify you of changes
                                    to the Services, and to personalise
                                    the use of our Services.
We use this information in order to
                                    tailor and improve the
                                    advertisements that may be presented
                                    on the Websites and in our other
                                    products and services that you may
                                    choose to use, and to measure the
                                    effectiveness of these
                                    advertisements.
contract with you (Article 6(1)(b)
                                    of the GDPR)
our legitimate interest (Article
                                    6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
4
Information that is created by you
                                    or other users while using the
                                    Services (if there is such a
                                    technical possibility in the
                                    Services), including information
                                    that you or other users post in any
in-game chats, requests, posts.
                                    Depending on the Services and place
                                    of posting, this information can be
                                    available to some or all other users
                                    of our Services.
We use this information in order to
                                    manage and administer the Services,
                                    including providing our services to
                                    you; to verify your identity,
                                    manage, and administer the Services,
                                    including providing our Services to
                                    fulfil your support request. We may
                                    also use this data in order to
                                    investigate any complaints on your
                                    behalf and to provide you with a
                                    more efficient service.
We also use this information to
                                    ensure security and stability of our
                                    Services (e.g., prevent fraud,
                                    unlawful actions, unauthorized
                                    access to or modification of our
                                    Services)
contract with you (Article 6(1)(b)
                                    of the GDPR)
our legitimate interest (Article
                                    6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
5
Information obtained as a result of
                                    your behavioural actions when using
                                    Services, information obtained as a
                                    result of your use of the payment
                                    features of Services, information
                                    about payments (date, amount,
                                    payment type, payment status),
                                    information about goods and services
                                    purchased (name, amount),
                                    information about the activation
                                    status of goods and services
                                    purchased, including information
                                    obtained by the “Main” Account from
                                    your “extra” Accounts in order to
                                    match this data to your user
                                    Account, etc.
We use this information in order to
                                    manage and administer the Services,
                                    including providing our services to
                                    you as well as to analyze the
                                    quality of Services and how they
                                    meet your needs.
We use this information in order to
                                    tailor and improve the
                                    advertisements that may be presented
                                    on the Websites and in our other
                                    products and services that you may
                                    choose to use, and to measure the
                                    effectiveness of these
                                    advertisements
contract with you (Article 6(1)(b)
                                    of the GDPR)
our legitimate interest (Article
                                    6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
6
Information that is created, posted,
                                    sent or otherwise made available by
                                    you while placing requests to our
                                    Service Support.
We use this information in order to
                                    verify your identity and to fulfil
                                    your support request. We may also
                                    use this data in order to
                                    investigate any complaints on your
                                    behalf and to provide you with a
                                    more efficient service.
We also use this information to
                                    prevent fraudulent actions against
                                    us, ensure our risk management.
с
ontract with you (Article
                                                6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
our legitimate interest (Article
                                    6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
7
Data collected via third parties,
                                    including your social network IDs,
                                    application store IDs, nickname,
                                    e-mail and friends list, when you
register in our Services via your
                                    social or application store accounts
                                    and/or connect your social account
                                    to our Services (e.g. Facebook,
                                    Twitter, Discord).
We use this information in order to
                                    manage and administer the Services
                                    provided to you. We use this
                                    information for certain social
                                    functions of our Services, such as
                                    to show you your friends who play
                                    the same game as you.
с
ontract with you (Article
                                                6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
8
Information that is received by us
                                    or third parties as the result of
                                    your behavioural actions when using
                                    the Services (including your game
                                    actions and achievements, badges).
                                    This information may be available to
                                    other users of our Services (e.g. on
                                    leaderboards).
We use this information in order to
                                    manage and administer the Services,
                                    including providing our Services to
                                    you as well as to analyze the
                                    quality of Services and how they
                                    meet your needs.
We may also use this data in order
                                    to tailor and improve the
                                    advertisements that are presented to
                                    you and to measure the effectiveness
                                    of these advertisements.
с
ontract with you (Article
                                                6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
our legitimate interest (Article
                                    6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
9
Data obtained via third parties,
                                    including your social network IDs,
                                    application store IDs, social
                                    network nickname, e-mail and friends
                                    list, when you connect your social
                                    account (e.g. Facebook, Google,
                                    Discord or Apple Game Center) to our
                                    Services.
We import this information into your
                                    profile. We use this information in
                                    order to manage and administer the
                                    Services provided to you. We use
                                    this information for certain social
                                    functions of our Services, such as
                                    to show you your friends who play
                                    the same game as you, or to provide
                                    you with the ability to post your
                                    achievements into your social
                                    account. We also use this
                                    information to retain the data about
                                    your usage of our Services (such as
                                    game progress and achievements)
                                    across your different mobile
                                    devices, which are connected to the
                                    same social account.
с
ontract with you (Article
                                                6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
10
Information that is received as the
                                    result of your use of the payment
                                    functionality of the Services.
We use this information in order to
                                    manage and administer the Services,
                                    including providing our Services to
                                    you. We may also use this data in
                                    order to investigate any complaints
                                    on your behalf and to provide you
                                    with a more efficient service.
с
ontract with you (Article
                                                6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
We may also undertake certain actions to prevent
                        fraudulent activity in our Services, improve our
                        Services and provide you with better user
                        experience.
Please be kindly advised, that as per Article 22
                        of GDPR we do not make decisions based solely on
                        automated processing, including profiling, which
                        produce legal effects concerning you or
                        similarly significantly affect you.
Our legitimate interests include (1) maintaining
                        and administering the Services; (2) providing
                        the Services to you; (3) improving the content
                        of the Services and web pages; (4) processing of
                        the data that was manifestly made public by you
                        where it is accessible by other users of the
                        Services; (5) ensuring your Account is
                        adequately protected; and (6) complying with any
                        contractual, legal, or regulatory obligations
                        under any applicable law; and (7) preventing
                        fraudulent actions, ensuring our risk
                        management.
As part of maintaining and administering the
                        Services, we use the information to analyse user
                        activity and to ensure that the rules and terms
                        of EULA are not violated.
Your personal information may also be processed
                        if it is required by a law enforcement or
                        regulatory authority, body, or agency, or in the
                        defence or exercise of legal claims.
We will not delete personal information if it is
                        relevant to an investigation or a dispute.
It will continue to be stored until those issues
                        are fully resolved and/or during the term that
                        is required and/or permissible under
                        applicable/relevant law.
In case you provided us with a consent to the
                        sending of marketing information, you may
                        withdraw your consent to the sending of
                        marketing information to you by amending your
                        privacy settings in your Account.
We do not collect sensitive data in relation to
                        your racial and ethnical origin, biometric data,
                        health data, your political, religious or
                        philosophical beliefs, genetic, health or sex
                        life or sexual orientation, as well as other
                        personal data that is sensitive to fundamental
                        rights and freedoms.
Please note, that if you do not want us to
                        process special categories of data about you,
                        you have to take care not to post this
                        information or share this data on the Websites
                        and/or Services. Once you have provided this
                        data, it will be accessible by other Websites
                        users and it becomes difficult for us to remove
                        this data.
Please note, that if you withdraw your consent
                        to data processing or you do not provide the
                        data that we require in order to maintain and
                        administer the Services, you may not be able to
                        access the Services or register with the web
                        pages of the Websites.
If we intend to further process your data for
                        any other purpose besides those set out in this
                        Privacy Policy, we shall provide you with
                        details of these purposes before we commence
                        data processing.
DATA SHARING
Advertising and tracking partners. We may share
                        name, IP address and other information for
                        targeting, delivery, and measurement of online
                        advertising, or otherwise facilitate transmittal
                        of information that may be useful, relevant, or
                        of interest to you.
Within the Service we may also use tracking
                            and analytical technologies, provided by our
                            partners, such as AppsFlyer, Ltd. (privacy
                            policy available via the link
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
) in order to
                        measure performance of our advertising campaigns
                        and their improvement. Please note, that our
                        partners may use APIs and SDKs, implemented in
                        our games and/or the Service, so that they could
                        collect and analyze user and device-related data
                        (these may include clicks, installs or other
                        performance indicators or events, which are
                        necessary to evaluate our advertising
                        campaigns).
Publicly available data. Your username and other
                        information that you provide or post while using
                        the Services can be available to all users of
                        the Services. We take technical and
                        organisational measures to ensure that your data
                        is safe. Please note, that by posting your
                        personal information in publicly accessible
                        areas (resources accessible by other users of
                        the Services), you have manifestly made this
                        information public, and it may become available
                        to other users of the Services and Internet
                        users and be copied and/ or disseminated by such
                        users. Please keep in mind that once other users
                        have gained access to or copied your data,
                        neither you nor we are able to delete or remove
                        such data from possession of those other users.
Sharing with third parties. We may share your
                        personal information with third parties only in
                        the ways that are described in this Privacy
                        Policy. Sometimes we may need to provide your
                        data to affiliated entities and\or our
                        distributors, as well as our partners, in order
                        to provide you with the Services offered by the
                        Company and its distributors, to administer the
                        Services, for example, if you choose to share
                        your data across other social media platforms,
                        to administer the billing services or to
                        personalize, adjust and improve our Services or
                        in other cases described in this Privacy Policy
                        and only subject to the purposes described in
                        this Privacy Policy. We do not sell your
                        personal information to third parties.
The transmissions of personal data with the
                        recipients (whatever their legal status,
                        subcontractor, processing manager or just
                        recipient) are carried out in a secure manner
                        and in application of an agreement between us
                        and each recipient as may be necessary under
                        applicable law. We undertake to ensure that each
                        recipient knows the directive principles of
                        personal data protection and submit to them in
                        application of the law and/or of a particular
                        contract.
Confidentiality obligations. In case we share
                        your data with selected third parties, including
                        our third party contractors and application
                        developers, we always ensure that these third
                        parties undertake confidentiality obligations
                        regarding your personal data collected while you
                        use the services or applications they offer. The
                        developers use the information provided to them
                        in order to provide you with additional
                        services, including technical support, if
                        applicable. We will not share your personal data
                        outside the scope of purposes specified in this
                        Privacy Policy without your prior consent.
Advertising disclaimer. Our ad management and
                        recommendation system is designed so that your
                        information will not be shared directly with our
                        third party advertisers. An advertiser or maker
                        of a recommendation can only choose to target
                        advertisements to groups of users falling within
                        criteria such as age, gender, location (country,
                        city), or other, or to target communities
                        according to their types. If you fall within one
                        of the target groups, you will receive an
                        advertisement or recommendation of such third
                        party partners or our affiliates. However, such
                        third party advertisers or our affiliates may
                        gather some of your information in case you
                        interact in any way with the ads provided by
                        such advertisers.
Retargeting disclaimer. An advertiser or maker
                        of recommendations may also choose to upload a
                        list of identifiers (e.g., e-mails, phone
                        numbers) and identities to our systems so that
                        we (but not the adviser or maker of
                        recommendations) can check for user matches.
                        They will see the number of matches but not the
                        matches themselves.
Sharing in the general conduct of business. We
                        may also share your data with our affiliates and
                        keep some of your personal information in our
                        business records for the accounting and
                        compliance purposes. As such, we may also
                        disclose your personal information to a third
                        party if we decide to transfer a business to
                        that third party, so you can continue to receive
                        service and information in connection with that
                        business with as little disruption as possible.
                        Similarly, in the event of a merger,
                        acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or
                        other similar event, your personal information
                        may be transferred to our successor or assignee.
Disclosure to tax authorities. We reserve the
                        right to disclose your personal information to
                        tax authorities in case it is necessary because
                        of your participation in public tournaments.
Disclosure required by law. We reserve the right
                        to disclose your personal information as
                        required by law, by court order or in special
                        cases when we have reason to believe that
                        disclosing such information is necessary to
                        identify, contact, or bring legal action if you
                        or third parties are violating the Terms, any
                        other terms of services provided by us or our
                        affiliates or any applicable law, for the
                        purpose of defense of our rights and interests.
                        We also reserve the right to disclose your
                        personal information if we have a good faith
                        belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or
                        other illegal activities.
PRIVACY SETTINGS
The Services may contain links to Websites
                        operated by third parties. We are not
                        responsible for your data privacy when you
                        access these links or engage with third party
                        services, and you shall ensure that you review
                        the relevant third party’s privacy statement,
                        which will govern your data privacy rights.
We bear no liability for the actions of third
                        parties, which, as the result of your use of the
                        Internet or the Services, obtain access to your
                        information in accordance with the
                        confidentiality level selected by you.
We bear no liability for the consequences of the
                        use of the information that, due to the nature
                        of the Services, is available to any Internet
                        user. We ask you to take a responsible approach
                        to the scope of the information posted on the
                        Websites.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may transfer and maintain some of your
                        personal information on our servers or databases
                        outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
The countries to which we transfer your data may
                        not have the same data protection laws as your
                        jurisdiction. We take reasonable cyber security
                        measures and/or put in place the Standard
                        Contractual Clauses (e.g. Model Clauses, Data
                        Processing Agreement/Addendum) to ensure your
                        data is adequately protected.
We might ask your consent for transfer of your
                        data outside the European Economic Area in
                        accordance with the requirements of applicable
                        legislation.
RETENTION PERIODS. DATA DELETION
We will retain your personal information for as
                        long as required to perform the purposes for
                        which the data was collected, depending on the
                        legal basis for which that data was obtained
                        and/or whether additional legal/regulatory
                        obligations mandate that we retain your personal
                        information during the term that is required
                        and/or permissible under applicable/relevant
                        law.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to
                        process your personal data under this Privacy
                        Policy by deleting your Account through your
                        Account settings (if technically available) and
                        following the instructions provided by the
                        Company after your sending such a deletion
                        request. Alternatively, you may request to
                        remove your Account and data on our Services by
                        contacting the Service Support (see section 11
                        for details). Please note that such withdrawal
                        does not have any impact on the validity of the
                        consent before withdrawal, and we reserve the
                        right to process your personal data on another
                        lawful basis if permitted by applicable law.
Please also note that uninstalling our game (or
                        any application related to our Services) from
                        your device does not automatically result in
                        consent withdrawal or any deleting your personal
                        data from our servers.
We may remove your Account or the information
                        you post, as provided by EULA.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights, in certain
                        circumstances, in relation to your personal
                        information:
Right to access your personal
                                information.
Right to rectify your personal
                                information: you can request that we
                                update, block, or delete your personal
                                data, if the data is incomplete,
                                outdated, incorrect, unlawfully
                                received, or no longer relevant for the
                                purpose of processing.
Right to restrict the use of your
                                personal information.
Right to request that your personal
                                information is erased if:
it is no longer required in
                                        relation to the purposes for
                                        which it was gathered or
                                        processed in another way;
you withdraw your consent
                                        concerning processing subject to
                                        consent;
you are justifiably opposed to
                                        the processing;
it has been subject to illicit
                                        processing; or
it is imposed by law.
Right to object to processing of your
                                personal information.
Right to data portability (in certain
                                specific circumstances).
Right not to be subject to an automated
                                decision.
Right to lodge a complaint with a
                                supervisory authority.
For processing based upon your consent,
                                the right to withdraw that consent at
                                any time.
You may have other rights under your
                                legislation of your country of
                                residence, including the right to define
                                the instructions relative to the outcome
                                of your personal data after your death.
You also have the right to independently remove
                        personal information on your Account and make
                        changes and corrections to your information,
                        provided that such changes and corrections
                        contain up-to-date and true information. You can
                        also view an overview of the information we hold
                        about you.
If you would like to exercise these rights,
                        please contact us via mail or e-mail. We will
                        need to verify your identity before we are able
                        to disclose any personal data to you.
SECURITY MEASURES
We take technical, organizational, and legal
                        measures, including, where suitable, encryption,
                        to ensure that your personal data is protected
                        from unauthorised or accidental access,
                        deletion, modification, blocking, copying, and
                        dissemination.
Access to the Services is authorised using your
                        login and password. You are responsible for
                        keeping this information confidential. You shall
                        not share your credentials with third parties
                        and we recommend you take measures to ensure
                        this information is kept confidential. If you
                        forget your login details, you can request us to
                        send you verification information as agreed by
                        the Terms.
To reduce the probability of third parties
                        gaining unauthorized access, if you login to
                        your Account from an unusual place or after
                        several failed attempts to provide valid login
                        details, we may block entry to your Account. You
                        will then need to contact Service Support and
                        provide certain additional information to verify
                        your credentials and gain access to your
                        Account.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
From time to time, we may change and/or update
                        this Privacy Policy. If this Privacy Policy
                        changes in any way, we will post an updated
                        version on this page. We will store the previous
                        versions of this Privacy Policy in our
                        documentation archive. We recommend you
                        regularly review this page to ensure that you
                        are always aware of our information practices
                        and any changes to them.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, please send your
                            inquiries to Service Support at
support@innova-sol.com
or through Support button in
                                    Settingsprovided via Services and/or send
                                    your request to us in writing 16 RUE ERASME,
                                    L-1468 Luxembourg. Please quote this Privacy
                                    Policy so we can deal with your enquiry
                                    efficiently.
All correspondence received by us from you
                        (written or electronic enquiries) is classified
                        as restricted-access information and may not be
                        disclosed without your written consent. The
                        personal data and other information about you
                        may not be used without your consent for any
                        purpose other than for responding to the
                        enquiry, except as expressly provided by law.
The e-mail address of our DPO is
support@innova-sol.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).