We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
PRIVACY POLICY
General Statement  of Principles
As described in detail below, any information we gather at this web site is  strictly for our use and is not shared with any other entity, public or  private, for any reason. We will not sell or give away any lists or  other data that we may retain and we do not purchase such information from  other sources.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following  ways:
Processing information
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged,  transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without  your consent.
In order to use iTipFooty.com.au you are required to provide us with a certain amount of information. The information is used to create your iTipFooty.com.au tipping account. When creating a tipping account you are also asked for information such as your favourite team. We use this extra information to provide more tipping features.
iTipFooty.com.au logs  all activity and maintains audit trails of usage of this site. We use this  information in the detection and prevention of fraud and other malicious  activities.
Email
The email address you provide, will only be used to  send you tip reminders, 3rd Party deals and updates if you have authorised us to do so at registration.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may  include  news, updates, related product or service information, etc. 
                                                  Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future  emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each  email.
We may also contact  you to ask for your opinion on our website features, or if we have  specific questions relating to your account or usage of the site.
We provide a  invite a friend service which allows members to send email invites to their friends. If you are receiving unwanted invite emails please contact us and we'll have your email blocked from this services.
Account deletion and/or associated data modification
Tipsters have the ability to delete their account and/or modify their accounts information under My Account menu.
How can tipsters delete their iTipFooty account?
1. Login and click '
My Account
' ('Account Details' on Android app) from the menu bar.
2. Click the '
Delete My Account
' button in the top right of screen.
3. All data is then perminantely deleted from our system.
Tipping accounts are also deleted automatically from our system within 2 years of no activity. 
                                                Tipsters can also request iTipFooty to delete or modify their accounts data by
contacting us through this link
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your  personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is  transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology into a database that is only   accessible by those authorized with special access rights, and are  required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to  your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables  the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture  and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember,  understand and save your preferences for future visits,  and keep track of  advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site  interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the  future. No username, password  or personal information is ever stored in a cookie. 
If your browser does  not accept cookies, you will not be able to use this site.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Privacy Settings
No internet connection detected
You are back online