Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information is collected, used and disclosed with respect to your access and use of our services through our mobile applications and website if anyone decided to use our services.
If you choose to use our services , then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by our apps
•    AdMob
•    Google Analytics
•    Fabric
•    Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Services, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone. This may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
Our Services do not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
TRACKING AND ADS
Zinnobyte partners with  third party ad networks to either display advertising on our Apps or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partners use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
•    To facilitate our Services;
•    To provide the Services on our behalf;
•    To perform Service-related services; or
•    To assist us in analyzing how our Services are used.
We want to inform users of these Services that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@zinnobyte.com.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Related