Skip to main content
Close Search
Privacy Policy
Black Salt Games Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how Black Salt Games (‘we’ or ‘us’) collects, stores, uses, and discloses any personal information that you provide to us when using this website or playing one of our games. We may also collect, use and disclose information to the extent applicable law does not prohibit it. This privacy policy is subject to, and must be read in conjunction with, our Terms of Use.
Personal Information
Black Salt Games requires your personal information only in limited circumstances when you:
Submit an online form, request information, complete a survey or application through the website or otherwise submit information to us through the website or post or upload to the website
Provide feedback or report a bug or defect with this website or one of our games
You may decide not to provide your personal information to us.
Automated Collection
When you visit, navigate through and interact with this website, we use automated data collection technology (such as usage monitoring software, cookies, and sessions) to collect and store certain information about your visit. Please see the Cookie Use Statement for more information on the types of such technology that we use and the purposes we use them for. If you disable cookies it may limit your access to some of the website’s content and features. You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our website, but your experience may be affected.
Advertising services provided by partners
We advertise in a number of ways, including online through managed social media presences, and on other unaffiliated sites and mobile applications. To understand how our advertising campaigns are performing, and better understand the visitors to our website we work with partners who provide us advertising services. We collect information via our advertising service providers to help us understand how users interact with our services, to serve advertising on our behalf across the internet, and measure the performance of these advertisements. Please see the Cookie Use Statement for more information on which partners we use and to learn more about your privacy choices.
Social Media and APIs.
Our website includes social media features such as the Facebook like button, Twitter, Google+ and widgets, such as the share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you visit on our site, and how long for. If you’re a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other personal information. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it and to the maximum extent permitted by law we are not responsible for the actions of those third parties.
We may provide an application programming interface (API) to enable third party applications to interface with our websites. Some applications enable you to interact with us through the API in a way that requires you to log in. To do this, most of these applications will direct you through a process where you are able to let the application connect to your account.
If you allow an application to connect to your account on our websites, including if you set up your account on our website using an API with a third party social media platform, that application will be able to access information that you can see when you are logged into our websites. You should only allow applications you trust to access your account on our websites.
If you set up your account on our websites using an API with a third party social media platform, you also consent to us obtaining and using your information from such platform.
How your information is used
We may use your personal information for any purpose which is stated to you at the time of collection or that you otherwise authorise and to:
verify your identity and to assist you if you forget your username or password for any of the services we provide to you via the Internet;
communicate with you;
analyse usage of this website;
provide you with further information, news, and promotional material;
carry out marketing, promotional and publicity purposes including direct marketing, market research and surveys;
to show you advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and
improve the content of this website and to customise this website to your preferences.
We will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties. Your personal information will be made available internally for the above purposes and we may also disclose your personal information to trusted third parties or subcontractors, who have agreed to treat your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy, for similar purposes. Because we operate internationally, the recipients referred to above may be located outside the jurisdiction in which you are located. Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in New Zealand and other countries that are regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal information.
We will only use or disclose personal information that you have provided to us, or which we have obtained about you for the above-mentioned purposes, or:
if you have authorised us to do so;
if we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for national security in the performance of their functions;
if we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce any legal rights we may have, or is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of us, our customers, or others; or
if we are authorised, required or permitted by law to disclose the information.
Storage and security
Personal information collected on this website is collected and held by Black Salt Games. We will take reasonable efforts to protect personal information that is held by us from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no method is completely secure, and while we take reasonable measures we cannot completely ensure or promise the security of any information we collect from you.
Third party advertising and links to websites
This website contains hyperlinks to third party websites. Some of these links may request or record information from users or use cookies or other methods to collect information from you. We have no control over and are not responsible for the content of such websites, or for the manner in which those websites collect, hold, use, and distribute any personal information you provide. When visiting a third party website from hyperlinks displayed on this website, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of those websites so that you can understand how the personal information you provide will be will collected, held, used and distributed.
Competitions
We will collect personal information provided by you if you participate in our promotions and competitions. We collect this information in order to conduct the promotion or competition. We may disclose such information to third parties, such as agents, contractors, service providers and prize suppliers to conduct the promotion or competition. We may also use and disclose this information as set out in this privacy policy. Entry is conditional on providing this information. If the information is not fully supplied the entry may be void.
[If you provide us with the names and contact details of any other people that you would like to have participate in our contests or promotions, we will also collect this information. You promise that you have their permission to provide us with this information and for us to use if for this purpose.]
Commercial electronic messages
If you provide us with electronic contact details, you agree that we may send you commercial electronic messages (eg texts and emails) for any of the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA)
In addition to the above, the following applies to you to the extent that we collect personal information about you and you are in the EEA and, or that information is otherwise subject to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation.
Data Access and Correction
Under the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 (and other applicable laws) you have rights of access to and correction of personal information that we hold about you – and under certain conditions you can request that we erase, restrict processing or transfer the data we have collected about you directly to yourself or to another organisation.
This can be done by contacting us at admin@blacksaltgames.com.
To ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current, please notify us of any changes to your personal information as soon as possible.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update or revise this privacy policy at any time. Changes to this privacy policy will take effect immediately once published on this website. Please check this privacy policy regularly for modifications and updates.
Contact Details
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or any other related matter, please feel free to contact us. You can reach us by contacting our privacy officer at admin@blacksaltgames.com
This privacy policy was last updated on 12 February 2021.
Press Kit
Games
Store
News
About
Join
Contact
English
twitter
facebook
instagram
discord
Close Menu
Notifications