Privacy Policy
Last updated 24 July, 2024
Welcome to Websave, built by Ho Ye Lam ("Websave", “Kin-Yee”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).
                            We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this
                            privacy policy.
Analytics and ads
Websave collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use
                            specific features, to improve our application. We automatically collect certain non-personal
                            information when you visit, use, or navigate the Websave website and app. This
                            information includes device and usage details like your device characteristics, operating
                            system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, coarse location, and
                            other technical information. We primarily use this information for maintaining the security,
                            performance, stability and operation of our applications and for internal analytics and
                            reporting.

                            Websave uses services provided by Mixpanel, a business analytics service company.
                            Mixpanel provides us with the means to track user interactions within our apps. The tracked
                            data is anonymous and used to identify usage trends, not individual usage. The data
                            collected includes information about how and when you use our apps, which helps us make
                            improvements to our services. For more information about Mixpanel's privacy practices, you
                            can read
Mixpanel's
                                Privacy Policy.
Data Storage
All websaves entries stored exclusively on the user's device or their private
                            iCloud. We do not have access to this data, nor do any third-party services, unless explicit
                            permission is granted by the user. Once data is deleted, it is permanently removed and
                            cannot be recovered. Rest assured, your personal content remains private, secure, and
                            accessible only by you.
Use of Collected Information
We use the information collected to enhance Websave's functionality and customer support.
                            We do not share personal information with outside parties unless it is necessary to
                            accomplish Websave functionalities. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with
                            third parties. We may also disclose your information in response to legal requirements, to
                            exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims, to prevent illegal activities, or
                            to protect our rights and property. In the event of a merger, acquisition, or any form of
                            sale of some or all of our assets, user information may be among the transferred assets.
International Transfers of Information
Your information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country where you are
                            located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may apply to your
                            data depending on where it is processed or stored.
Updates to this policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated
                            by an updated "Revised" date and will be effective immediately upon being accessible. If we
                            make significant changes, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such
                            changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this policy
                            often to stay informed about how we are protecting your information.
Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to this privacy policy.
Questions
If you have questions or comments about this policy, please reach us through the
                            communication channels provided by Websave on our apps and website.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
