Home
Con Edison Privacy Policy
Home
Your privacy is important to us, so we protect the information we collect from you while doing business together.
We obtain this information in several ways: through our websites, apps, and social media pages; your use of electric, gas and/or steam services; any devices and technologies related to any energy efficiency, demand management, distributed generation or other initiatives or programs we may offer to you from time to time; third-party sources, social media platforms, and in-person, phone, email, text or written correspondence with you.
This information may include your name, account number, home or business address, email address, telephone number, energy use data (including but not limited to smart meter readings), location information, or other information that is specific to you as our customer or that you otherwise elect to share with us.
At the end of this Privacy Statement, we provide you with the opportunity to choose regarding our use and disclosure of your Customer Information to third-parties for marketing purposes. Customer Information includes your name, account number, home or business address, email address, and telephone number.
How We May Collect and Use Information
We gather and use information to do business with you, including sending you bills, letting you know about products and services we offer, and addressing your questions or concerns.
We may use information from programs in which you voluntarily participate. Some of these programs have additional rules, which may contain additional conditions regarding how we may use and disclose your information. We recommend that you read any such rules carefully.
We may use your information for business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new product offerings and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our product offerings and services, identifying trends in energy use, developing and promoting programs and initiatives to encourage more efficient energy use and to manage demand for electricity, determining the effectiveness of our programs and promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our business activities.
We may use information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate, to: (a) comply with requirements or directives of our governing regulatory agencies including, among others, the New York State Public Service Commission, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; (b) respond to requests from government or judicial authorities; (c) enforce our terms and conditions of service and applicable tariffs; (d) protect our operations or those of our affiliates; (e) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (f) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We also may use your information to send or serve marketing communications, offers, and promotions that may be of interest, including on social media platforms.
We send occasional online surveys to gather information about your use of, and your opinion about, our programs and services, our energy related product offerings, and our websites and apps. Participation in our online surveys is voluntary. If you choose to participate, the information you provide will be used to improve our websites and apps and the programs, products and services we offer to you.
How We May Share Information
We may share information with our service providers or contractors in order to help us to do business with you, including processing payments, answering questions, developing and promoting programs, product offerings or services, or fulfilling your requests for a product or service.
We may share information with third-parties to permit them to send marketing communications or information about products and services that may be of interest, consistent with your choices. Also consistent with your choices, we may also share information with third-parties who provide energy-related products and services.
We may need to share information as we believe necessary and appropriate to: (a) comply with the requirements or directives of our governing regulatory agencies including, among others, the New York State Public Service Commission, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; (b) respond to requests from government or judicial authorities; (c) enforce our terms and conditions of service and applicable tariffs; (d) protect our operations or those of our affiliates; (e) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (f) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We also may use your information to send marketing communications, offers, and promotions that may be of interest.
We may disclose information to a third-party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Other Information We May Collect, Use, and Disclose
We use software to automatically collect other information that does not directly identify you. This information, such as the name of the domain or IP address where you access the Internet, the date and time when you access any of our websites, and the information that you view while using our services, is typically used for statistical purposes to help us to evaluate and improve our product offerings, services, and websites and apps, diagnose and correct technical problems, and detect fraud or other illegal activity and protect our systems.
We may also aggregate information so that it does not identify you or any other customer or user (for example, we may aggregate information to calculate the percentage of our customers who have a particular telephone area code). Please note that we may use and disclose this other information or aggregated information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
Some of our website pages may use "cookies", i.e., small amounts of data that is stored on your computer or other device where you access the Internet to allow our websites to provide you with customized information, or to recall data so you don't have to retype it. We may use session ID cookies, which terminate when you close your Internet browser, or persistent cookies - a small text file stored on your computer's hard drive for an extended time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. You may also wish to refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our services. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer and provide personalized content.
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other similar technologies to collect and analyze information about your use of the services across the devices you use, including to report on activities and trends. The service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or Google’s security and privacy principles at
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.  You can opt out of Google Analytics on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Statement by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. If you are using the Con Edison mobile app, you can opt of the Google Analytics for the Con Edison mobile app anytime by navigating to the Manage Account tab.
We may collect the physical location of the device you use to communicate with us. We may use your device's physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share your device's physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content. In some instances, you may allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device's location, but if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
Security
Con Edison has implemented policy guidelines and reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to help safeguard your information, from unauthorized access or improper use. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you believe your interaction with us is no longer secure, please
contact us
right away.
Con Edison's equipment and services are a part of our nation’s critical infrastructure; we are therefore vigilant about protecting our systems. Any electronic correspondence that you send to Con Edison, including email or any forms that you complete and transmit through our websites, may be monitored for suspected illegal activity and/or shared with regulatory, public or government agencies.
You Can Choose How We Use, Disclose, and Share Customer Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Customer Information to other third-parties for their direct marketing purposes (except in circumstances required by law, regulation or order). If you would prefer that we do not share your Customer Information on a going-forward basis with other third-parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by:
unsubscribing
from the list of Customer Information we would share with other third parties
unsubscribing directly from the emails sent to you by other third parties
calling
1-718-802-6079
Special Notes
Links: This Privacy Statement does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third-parties, including any third-party operating any site or service linked to our websites. The inclusion of a link on our websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or our affiliates. Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, web browser provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our apps or social media accounts.
Children's Privacy:
We do not direct services to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide information to us.
Access and Update Your Data:
Contact us
to request a copy of your energy use data, or to update any inaccurate or outdated Customer Information. We will seek to respond to your request for access or correction promptly.
Retention, Accuracy, and Data Quality:
We will retain information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. In addition, we take steps to keep information complete and accurate for its intended purpose.
Modifications to this Privacy Statement:
Con Edison may modify this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect legal, technological, or other developments. Any updates will appear on the
Privacy Statement
page.
Contact Us:
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, or if you believe that we are not following the Privacy Statement as it is set forth here,
contact us
.
IAPP Silver Member
The International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) is the largest and most comprehensive global information privacy community and resource. We believe respecting our customers’ privacy and protecting personal data is a fundamental responsibility of our business. As a member of IAPP, we are committed to maintaining a data privacy program that complies with the most current global standards and enables us to better serve you.
Learn more about IAPP corporate members.
Updated April 20, 2023.
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
;
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps