Privacy
Galaxy Play Technology Limited. (“Galaxy Play”) see it as our responsibility to set examples and help establish the standards for privacy on the Internet. During registration, each service asks the user to provide different types and amounts of personal information. Galaxy Play intends through the use of such information in good faith to deliver better services.
Galaxy Play is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users (“users” or “user”). This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) has been crafted to inform users as to the ways Galaxy Play collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any Galaxy Play game or application (“Service”). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from Galaxy Play through the use of the Service. If you are a resident of European Union (EU), we would remind you that the Privacy Policy of this website does not apply to you. Please refer to the Privacy Policy regulated in the Services that you are using.
By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Galaxy Play may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and Galaxy Play encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes
Personal Information and Its Use
Galaxy Play gathers two types of information about users: (1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software etc. used by each visitor to the Galaxy Play web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our web site and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements. (2) Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the Galaxy Play web site -for example, while registering for the game service a user may be asked to provide his/her full name, nick name, province, gender, hobbies, age and interests etc.
Galaxy Play collects this personal information primarily to make using the Galaxy Play Web site easier and more satisfying for its users. The goal of Galaxy Play is to provide all Internet users with an exciting, entertaining, online experience.
All users should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board or other forum, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside Galaxy Play. In the event that you encounter any Galaxy Play user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact privacy@Galaxy Play-tech.com.
Information Disclosure
Galaxy Play will not disclose your personally identifiable information except:
a) with your prior authorization or consent;
b) in an emergency to protect rights and interests of Galaxy Play and its users, public security and public interests;
c) as required by law or valid order by a court or other governmental body;
d) to enforce applicable terms of Galaxy Play services or any statements of Galaxy Play, or in other situation which Galaxy Play may deem necessary.
Information Collecting during Co-operation with Third Parties
The information that a user shares with Galaxy Play is collected, stored, and handled carefully by Galaxy Play. However, Galaxy Play may share such information during co-operation with third parties to offer some of its services in conjunction with such third parties. Galaxy Play will urge such third parties to handle the said information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Through good co-operation or even alliance with other reputable organizations of goodwill, Galaxy Play has been dedicated to providing the best internet service to its users.
Minors' Information and Its Use
Galaxy Play suggests that minors shall not access internet without prior written consent of their parents or other legal guardians. Galaxy Play will protect relevant information of minors as required by laws and regulations.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that Galaxy Play transfers to users’ computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as the user’s preferences or a user’s name and password. The Service sends cookies to users’ computers when users access or view content of an Galaxy Play game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users’ personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users’ interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Provision of Information
Galaxy Play users always have a choice whether or not to disclose information. Certain information is required for registration of our services, but most other requested information is optional. It is a top priority at Galaxy Play to make its user feel comfortable and in control.
Galaxy Play offers its users numerous online interactive activities. To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities and issue of prizes from such activities, Galaxy Play usually requires the applicant to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact information (i.e. mailing address and phone number). This information is used by Galaxy Play to compile aggregate data on its users. If the user does not want to supply the requested information and partake in the interactive activities, it is completely at the user's discretion.
Links
The Galaxy Play web site contains links to some other web sites. Galaxy Play is not responsible for the content or the privacy policy or practices of any other web sites or for the actions of the companies responsible for those web sites. Please review the privacy policies of those web sites before providing them with any personal information.
Update and Publicity of Information
Galaxy Play strongly encourages its users to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. A Galaxy Play community user can easily access and correct his/her personal information at any time. Users can edit and delete their personal information at their discretion.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online through certain channel ( for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas ), that information can be collected and used by others. Galaxy Play will take no responsibility whatsoever caused by reasons said above. Since disclosure of personal information through certain channel may lead to disclosure of your personal information, we remind you to use caution before such disclosing.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Contact
We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we do, those changes will be reflected in this privacy policy. Any changes that we make will always be made with your privacy and satisfaction as top priorities. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit the Galaxy Play web site.
Questions regarding this statement or the privacy practices of Galaxy Play should be directed to the Galaxy Play site coordinator at privacy@Galaxy Play-tech.com
Galaxy Play users also have the option of directly contacting the Galaxy Play customer service department via telephone, fax, and/or standard mail.
Copyright Policy
Galaxy Play respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Galaxy Play may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
Galaxy Play owns or has the right to use all the intellectual propriety rights with respect to the content and services that are developed or jointly developed by Galaxy Play. This content and services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
個人情報保護方針
本個人情報保護方針は、Elex株式会社（以下「当社」といいます。）が提供するアプリケーション「ウォーキング・デッド：サバイバー」（以下「本アプリ」といいます。）に関するサービス（以下「本サービス」といいます。）のご利用にあたり、本アプリの登録ユーザーの皆様（以下「お客様」といいます。）に適用される利用規約の一部を構成しており、利用者が本サービスを利用するときに適用されます。本サービスにおいて利用者から取得した個人情報は、本個人情報保護方針に従って管理されます。
また、本サービスの利用者以外の方には適用されません。
本サービスをご利用になる方は、本個人情報保護方針に同意する前に、必ず全文お読み下さいますようお願い致します
第1条 当社が取得する情報及びその取得方法
お客様から直接取得する情報（お客様による提供）
氏名、ユーザー名又はニックネーム
メールアドレス
アカウントへのアクセス者の本人確認に必要なパスワードその関連する情報
ユーザープロフィール
アンケートに関する情報
端末情報（自動取得）
お客様が端末又は携帯端末上で本サービスを利用する場合、当社は、端末識別子、携帯端末識別子及びＩＰアドレスを取得します。また、当社は、お客様が端末に関連付けた名前、端末の種類、電話番号、国、及びユーザー名、若しくはメールアドレスなど、利用者が提供することを選択したその他のあらゆる情報を取得します。
位置情報（自動取得）
お客様が端末又は携帯端末上で本サービスを利用し、そこで位置情報を提供することを認めた場合、当社は、お客様の現在地に関する情報を取得します。
支払情報（自動取得）
お客様が本サービス内の仮想通貨その他の景品の購入又は仮想アイテムを使用するためのライセンスを当社から直接購入する場合、当社は住所及びメールアドレスなど決済処理に必要な情報を取得します。第三者の決裁サービス（Apple Inc.、Google Inc.を含みますが、これらに限られません。）がお客様の購入を処理する場合は、お客様から決済サービス会社に提供された請求情報、支払情報を当社が取得する場合があります。
カスタマーサポートに関する情報（自動取得）
当社カスタマーサポートチームによるサポートを受ける場合、お客様が提供する連絡先情報（氏名、メールアドレスを含みますが、これらに限られません。）、サービス上のアクティビティに関する情報、及び利用者ＩＤ番号を取得、保管することがあります。また、サポートの際のやり取り及びその中に含まれる情報も保管することがあります。
コミュニケーション情報（自動取得）
お客様が本サービス上において、他の利用者とコミュニケーションをとり、情報を共有する一定の活動に参加した場合、当社は、これらのコミュニケーションの情報のアーカイブを記録、保管することがあります。
第2条　利用目的
当社は、取得した利用者の情報を以下の目的のために利用します。
本サービスの提供のため
料金請求、課金計算のため
本人確認、認証サービスのため
本サービスの動向調査のため
本サービス改善のため
新サービスの開発のため
ポイント加算及びポイント交換のため
システムメンテナンス、不具合対応のため
カスタマーサポート、技術サポートの提供、お客様からの問い合わせ対応のため
不正行為又は違法となる可能性のなる行為を防止し、利用規約を施行するため
紛争、訴訟などへの対応のため
第3条　第三者提供
当社は以下の場合、お客様の情報を第三者と共有する場合があります。
お客様の同意を得た場合
当社は、お客様の同意を得た場合、お客様の情報（個人情報を含む場合があります。）を第三者である会社、組織、個人に提供する場合があります。
第三者サービス提供者との共有
支払処理、データ分析、メール送信、カスタマーサービスなどを当社の代理で行うサービスを提供する第三者、又は当社のマーケティングサポートを行う第三者に対して、お客様の情報を提供します。なお、この場合、当社は、全ての第三者サービス提供者に対して、開示情報の秘密を保持し、当社の代理でサービスを提供する以外の目的にお客様の情報を使用しないように指示するものとします。
外部サービスとの連携のための共有
当社は、Facebook、Googleアカウントその他の外部サービスとの連携又は外部サービスを利用した認証にあたり、当該外部サービス運営会社に利用者の情報を提供することがあります。
法律上・公官庁からの開示要求に基づく共有
裁判所、警察、税務署、消費者センター、その他の法律や条例などで認められた権限を持つ機関から要請がある場合には、これに応じてお客様の許可なく情報を開示させていただくことがあります。
売却又は合併に基づく共有
当社が組織再編、合併又は譲渡をした場合、当社が取得した個人情報の全部又は一部を関係者に移転することがあります。
第4条　取得した情報の破棄
当社が取得した個人情報は、当社による通常の事業運営に照らして、合理的に不要と判断される時点で破棄します。
第5条　情報提供の停止方法
本アプリによる情報送信を停止したい場合には、本アプリをアンインストールしてください。
第6条　個人情報取扱い管理者及び問い合わせ先
個人情報保護管理者
Elex株式会社　メディア事業部　ウォーキング・デッド：サバイバー担当
問い合わせ先
本個人情報保護方針に関する問い合わせは、当社（twdjp@elex.com）にご連絡ください。
第7条　個人情報保護方針の改定
当社は、本個人情報保護方針を随時更新することがあります。本個人情報保護方針の改定は、本アプリ又は本アプリの公式サイトに掲示します。本個人情報保護方針の改定は、本アプリ又は本アプリの公式サイトに掲示した時点から適用されるものとします。