Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your
personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Jay Siroya Apps.
This Privacy Policy applies to our application named
Jay Siroya
Apps , and its associated subdomains (collectively,
our "Service"). By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage,
use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Definitions and key terms
For this Privacy Policy:
• Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser,
provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
• Company: when this policy mentions "Company," "we," "us," or "our," it refers to
Jay Siroya
Apps that is
responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
• Country: where
Jay Siroya
Apps or the owners/founders of
Jay Siroya
Apps are based, in this
case is India.
• Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the
Jay Siroya
Apps Service to
manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.
• Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit
Jay Siroya
Apps and use the services.
• IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These
numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a
device is connecting to the Internet.
• Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by
Jay Siroya
Apps or are under contract to perform a
service on behalf of one of the parties.
• Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal
identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
• Service: refers to the service provided by
Jay Siroya
Apps as described in the relative terms (if available) and
on this platform.
• Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our
content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
• Website:
Jay Siroya
Apps's site, which can be accessed via this URL :
https://jaysiroya.blogspot.com/
• You: a person or entity that is registered with
Jay Siroya
Apps to use the Services.
Data Protection
Data Protection Legislation: We are committed to adhering to the Data Protection Act 1998 and thereafter: unless and until the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) is no longer directly applicable in the UK, the GDPR and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK; and then any successor legislation to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998. We do not misuse your data. All information uploaded by our users is processed for the purpose of our Services. No data collected is sold to third parties or used in any capacity other than for the purpose of our products and mobile applications. What personal information do we collect?
* your device ID, device type, geo-location information and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information;
* details of the products and services we have provided to you or that you have enquired about, including any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and respond to your enquiries;
* cloud files that users imported when using our products and mobile applications. We do not collect or store any information or contents from the users Google Drive account. any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website or app or indirectly through your use of our website or app or online presence or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information; information you provide to us through customer surveys; or any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Photographs or videos you select when you use the Apps, via your camera or camera roll (if you have granted the Apps the permission to access your camera or camera roll), or via the in-App internet search functionality. We process only specific photos and videos you choose to modify using the Apps; and we do not collect your photo or video albums even if you grant us access to them. We safeguard each photograph or video that you select using an encryption key stored locally on your device. This means that the only device that can view the photo or video is the device from which the photograph or video was submitted using the Apps the user's device. Please note that while we do not require or request any metadata attached to the photographs or videos you select for editing, metadata (including, for example, geotags) may be associated with your photographs or videos by default. We take steps to delete any metadata that may be associated with a photograph or video you provide when you use the Apps. Photographs or videos may remain cached in the cloud for a limited period between 24 to 48 hours after your last edit, so that you can return to it and make additional changes if you so choose.
App usage information and online activity data, such as information about
1) how you use the App and interact with it, including the features you use, your preferred language, the date and time when you first installed the App and the date and time when you launch the app;
2) sources of referrals to the Site. Our service providers and certain third parties (e.g., online advertising networks and their clients) also may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. This information may be collected on our Site using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or "LSOs"), web beacons, and similar technologies. We may collect this information directly or through our use of third-party software development kits ("SDKs"). SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly from the App. App-related purchase history, if you choose to purchase an App subscription, we will not receive such information as billing address, credit card etc. (as we don't distribute subscriptions directly), we will only receive confirmation from the relevant application store that you are a paid subscriber to the App so we can provide Pro services. Device data, such as your computer and mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, push tokens, Google Advertising ID and Apple ID for Advertising, browser type, screen resolution, IP address (and the associated city/country in which you are located), and the website you visited before visiting our Site.
Only online identifiers such as the IP address, Apps Instance ID (that is assigned to an App copy, installed on your device) and Advertising ID are generally considered as personal data. However, we are not in a position to identify you directly as a data subject on the basis of such identifiers.
We don't store any of the users face data. We just process their images on their devices. We don't share any user face data with any third parties. We respect users privacy and therefore aren't indulged into any such activities.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you visit our service, register, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey
or fill out a form.
• Name / Username
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
The face data is deleted from the server once the video creation is completed and the data is never retained again.
We do not use your photos or facial features for any reason other than to provide you with the related functionality of the App. In no way will we use your photos or facial features for face recognition, as we do not introduce the face recognition technologies or other technical means for the processing of biometric data for the unique identification or authentication of a user.
Data retention. Your data will be stored by our no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data are processed. That is why, your photos and videos are stored on our server until you finish the editing session, but not longer than within 1 hour after the finishing of the editing session. For the rest of the time your photos and videos used in our application are stored locally on your mobile device and may be removed any time by either deleting these photos and videos from your mobile device’s file system directly or by deleting our application;
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our service (we continually strive to improve our service offerings based on the information and feedback we receive
from you)
• To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and
support needs)
• To process transactions
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To send periodic emails
Retention of Your Personal Data
The facial data is deleted from the server once the video creation is completed and the data is never retained again.
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Retention of Your Face Data
We may collect the facial feature data separately from your photos only to provide you with the face-swapping functionality of our App.
Your photos and face data are stored on the our server until you finish the editing session, but not longer than within 24 hours after the finishing of the editing session. The face data is deleted from the server once the video creation is completed and the data is never retained again. For the rest of the time your photos used in our application are stored locally on your mobile device and may be removed any time by either deleting these photos from your mobile device’s file system directly or by deleting our application.
We don’t share any face data with third-parties.
When do we use customer information from third parties?
We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming our customer, we receive information from a third party that provides automated fraud detection services to us.
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We may share the information that we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties such as advertisers, contest
sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may
interest you. We may also share it with our current and future affiliated companies and business partners, and if we are involved in a
merger, asset sale or other business reorganization, we may also share or transfer your personal and non-personal information to our
successors-in-interest.
We may engage trusted third party service providers to perform functions and provide services to us, such as hosting and maintaining our servers and our service, database storage and management, e-mail management, storage marketing, credit card processing, customer service and fulfilling orders for products and services you may purchase through our platform. We will likely share your personal information, and possibly some non-personal information, with these third parties to enable them to perform these services for us and for you.
We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is shared, it may be used to estimate general location and other technographics such as connection speed, whether you have visited the service in a shared location, and type of device used to visit the service. They may aggregate information about our advertising and what you see on the service and then provide auditing, research and reporting for us and our advertisers.
We may also disclose personal and non-personal information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in order to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect our rights and interests or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and regulations.
Where and when is information collected from customers and end users?
We will collect personal information that you submit to us. We may also receive personal information about you from third parties as
described above.
Could my information be transferred to other countries?
We are incorporated in India. Information collected via our website, through direct interactions with you, or from use of our help
services may be transferred from time to time to our offices or personnel, or to third parties, located throughout the world, and may be
viewed and hosted anywhere in the world, including countries that may not have laws of general applicability regulating the use and
transfer of such data. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, by using any of the above, you voluntarily consent to the trans-
border transfer and hosting of such information.
Is the information collected through our service secure?
We take precautions to protect the security of your information. We have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help
safeguard, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your information. However, neither people nor
security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes or fail
to follow policies. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security. If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your personal information, you agree that intentional
misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty.
Can I update or correct my information?
The rights you have to request updates or corrections to the information we collect depend on your relationship with us. Personnel
may update or correct their information as detailed in our internal company employment policies. Customers have the right to request
the restriction of certain uses and disclosures of personally identifiable information as follows. You can contact us in order to (1)
update or correct your personally identifiable information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other
information you receive from us, or (3) delete the personally identifiable information maintained about you on our systems (subject to
the following paragraph), by cancelling your account. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other
information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such
update, correction, change or deletion. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps (such as requesting a
unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining
the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible
to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our system. The need to back up our systems to
protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult
or impossible for us to locate. Promptly after receiving your request, all personal information stored in databases we actively use, and
other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as and to the extent
reasonably and technically practicable. If you are an end user and wish to update, delete, or receive any information we have about
you, you may do so by contacting the organization of which you are a customer.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of us or any of its Corporate Affiliates (as defined herein), or that portion of us or any of its Corporate Affiliates to which the
Service relates, or in the event that we discontinue our business or file a petition or have filed against us a petition in bankruptcy,
reorganization or similar proceeding, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy
Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with us, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be
treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide service to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is
also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to
use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we'll either remove it
from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter,
submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is
transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be
accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After
a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file. We cannot,
however, ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information on the
Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial
safeguards.
Governing Law
The laws of India, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of our service. Your use of our service
may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Your Consent
By using our service, registering an account, or making a purchase, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by
Jay Siroya
Apps. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such
websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link
to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other
website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Such third parties may
use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.
Cookies
We use "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer
or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our website. Most web browsers
can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website
correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Advertising
Advertising keeps us and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe,
unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible.
Cookies for Advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it's really hard for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know
how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Remarketing Services
We use remarketing services. What Is Remarketing? In digital marketing, remarketing (or retargeting) is the practice of serving ads
across the internet to people who have already visited your website. It allows your company to seem like they're "following" people
around the internet by serving ads on the websites and platforms they use most.
Kids' Privacy
We collect information from kids under the age of 13 just to better our services. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware
that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your permission, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have
collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that
information from our servers.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date
below.
Third-Party Services
We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services)
or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services").
You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness,
timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. We do not assume and shall not have
any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own
risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.
Information about General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR)
We may be collecting and using information from you if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), and in this section of our
Privacy Policy we are going to explain exactly how and why is this data collected, and how we maintain this data under protection
from being replicated or used in the wrong way.
What is GDPR?
GDPR is an EU-wide privacy and data protection law that regulates how EU residents' data is protected by companies and enhances
the control the EU residents have, over their personal data.
What is personal data?
Any data that relates to an identifiable or identified individual. GDPR covers a broad spectrum of information that could be used on its
own, or in combination with other pieces of information, to identify a person. Personal data extends beyond a person's name or email
address. Some examples include financial information, political opinions, genetic data, biometric data, IP addresses, physical
address, sexual orientation, and ethnicity. The Data Protection Principles include requirements such as:
• Personal data collected must be processed in a fair, legal, and transparent way and should only be used in a way that a person
would reasonably expect.
• Personal data should only be collected to fulfil a specific purpose and it should only be used for that purpose. Organizations
must specify why they need the personal data when they collect it.
• Personal data should be held no longer than necessary to fulfil its purpose.
• People covered by the GDPR have the right to access their own personal data. They can also request a copy of their data, and
that their data be updated, deleted, restricted, or moved to another organization.
Why is GDPR important?
GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals' personal data that they collect and
process. It also raises the stakes for compliance by increasing enforcement and imposing greater fines for breach. Beyond these
facts its simply the right thing to do. At Help Scout we strongly believe that your data privacy is very important and we already have
solid security and privacy practices in place that go beyond the requirements of this new regulation.
Individual Data Subject's Rights - Data Access, Portability and Deletion
We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements of GDPR. We process or store all personal
data in fully vetted, DPA compliant vendors. We do store all conversation and personal data for up to 6 years unless your account is
deleted. In which case, we dispose of all data in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, but we will not hold it
longer than 60 days.
We are aware that if you are working with EU customers, you need to be able to provide them with the ability to access, update,
retrieve and remove personal data. We got you! We've been set up as self service from the start and have always given you access
to your data and your customers data. Our customer support team is here for you to answer any questions you might have about
working with the API.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to disclose categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use it,
the categories of sources from whom we collect Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have
explained above.
We are also required to communicate information about rights California residents have under California law. You may exercise the
following rights:
• Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal
Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3)
categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have
collected about you.
• Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
• Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you
that we have collected.
• Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not sell the Personal Information of our users.
For more information about these rights, please contact us.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CaIOPPA)
CaIOPPA requires us to disclose categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from
whom we collect Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.
CaIOPPA users have the following rights:
• Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal
Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3)
categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have
collected about you.
• Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
• Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you
that we have collected.
• Right to request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not sell the Personal Information of our users.
For more information about these rights, please contact us.
Contact Us
Email: jaysiroya1009@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments