GetHomeSafe respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy is designed to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you interact with us and provide an overview your privacy rights.
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information as to how GetHomeSafe collects and processes your personal data
when you interact with us, be it by visiting our website, or using our app or any of our products and services (collectively referred to as “Services” in this privacy policy).
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any additional privacy policy/terms we may provide separately on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This privacy policy supplements any other such privacy policies/terms and is not intended to override them.
Controller
The GetHomeSafe Group is made up of a number of group companies. This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the GetHomeSafe Group and when we mention GetHomeSafe, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy, we are referring to Get Home Safe Limited, a company registered in New Zealand, who is the controller and responsible for our Services.
Privacy officer
We have appointed a privacy officer who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact our privacy officer.
Our
privacy officer can be contacted by sending an email to privacy@gethomesafe.com or by sending a letter, marked to the attention of the privacy officer, to your closest GetHomeSafe office, details of which can be found
here
.
Changes to this privacy policy
and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this privacy policy at any time.
When this privacy policy is modified, the changes will be posted on this page of our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by email or when you next log onto one of our Services. The new privacy policy may be displayed on-screen within our app and you may be required to read and accept the changes to continue your use of our Services.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during our relationship with you.
Third-party links
Our Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share personal data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, plug-ins and applications or their services, we are not responsible for their privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these third-party websites, plug-ins and applications or services.
Please check the relevant third-party’s privacy policies before you submit any personal data to their websites, plug-ins and applications or use their services.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (i.e. anonymous data).
We
may
collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes your name, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes your physical/postal address, email address and phone numbers.
Location Data
includes your current location disclosed by GPS or similar technology or otherwise recorded or captured manually via our Services.
Financial Data
includes your bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of Services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes the type of device you use, your mobile phone carrier, your internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, your time zone setting and location, your browser plug-in types and versions, your operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our Services.
Profile Data
includes your username and password (encrypted and sanitised), name of your employer organisation, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences and feedback you provide to us.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our Services, including traffic data and other communication data.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us.
We may also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
,
such as statistical data, for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Service feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect personal data from and about you including through:
Information you give us
.
This is information (including Identity, Contact, Profile and Marketing and Communications Data) you consent giving to us by filling in forms within, or when using, our Services or by corresponding with us. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for a trial of, or seek more information about, our Services;
register to use our Services;
use our Services;
subscribe to our mailing list or follow us on social media;
request marketing/promotional to be sent to you;
book a live demo;
enter a competition or promotion;
respond to a survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Information we collect about you and your device.
Each time you use our Services, we may collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
Location Data.
We use GPS or similar technology to determine your current location via our Services (which may include integrated devices such as vehicle tracking or handheld communication devices). Some of our location-enabled services require your personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your personal data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling Location Data in your device settings (if available) but this will adversely impact the functionality of our Services.
Information we receive from other sources.
We receive Technical Data about you from various third parties as set out below:
analytics providers such as Google Analytics;
advertising networks such as Google Display Network; and
social media providers such as LinkedIn.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where you have consented before the processing;
where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter, or have entered, with you and/or your employer;
in order to facilitate and/or improve your use of our Services;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and
where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we may use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data under more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your personal data. Please contact our privacy officer (see above for details) if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register your interest in our Services
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Marketing and Communications
Your consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to facilitate potential sales with you and grow our business)
To install our app on your device and register you as a new user of our Services
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Location
(d) Technical
(e) Profile
Your consent
Performance of a contract with you and/or your employer
To deliver our Services to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Location
(d) Technical
(e) Profile
Your consent
Performance of a contract with you and/or your employer
To process and deliver your order, including manage payments
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
Performance of a contract with you and/or your employer
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to obtain payments due to us)
To manage our relationship with you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you and/or your employer
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (to inform you of any material changes to our privacy policy)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records up to date)
To enable you to participate in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
Your consent
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our Services, to develop our Services and grow our business)
To administer, monitor and protect our Services and business (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, and maintenance)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, improving our Services and network security)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To personalise content to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Technical
(e) Usage
(f) Marketing and Communications
Your consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our Services, to develop our Services, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our Services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our Services, to keep our Services updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Marketing from us
We may use your personal data to form a view on what we think you may want or need from us, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which Services may be relevant and/or of interest to you.
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, or purchased any Services from us, and you have not opted out of receiving marketing communications.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by using the unsubscribe function included with such communications.
Cookies
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and to remember your preferences. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. For detailed information on the cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them and how you can exercise your choices regarding our use of your cookies, please see our
cookie policy
.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact our privacy officer (see above for contact details).
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above:
members of the GetHomeSafe Group;
third parties as listed in our
cookie policy
; and
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
6. International transfers
We share your personal data within the GetHomeSafe Group in order to provide a seamless service to you and all of our customers. This may involve transferring your personal data outside
your country of residence. Further, our third party providers are based around the world so their processing of your personal data may involve a transfer of your personal data outside your country of residence.
Whenever we transfer your personal data from one country to another, we ensure a degree of protection is afforded to it (e.g. by only transferring your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data or ensuring we have contracts in place that afford adequate protection to your personal data).
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under privacy/data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data
. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data
. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you or your employer.
Withdraw consent
at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Exercise of your rights
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our privacy officer (see above for contact details).
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complain to regulator
If you are unhappy with how we have processed your personal data or dealt with a personal data-related complaint that you raised with us, then in certain instances you may have the right to make a complaint to a local privacy regulator (e.g. the Office of the Privacy Commissioner in New Zealand or the Information Commissioner's Office in the United Kingdom). Please contact your local privacy regulator for more information in this regard.
Further Information Required?
If you have any questions or queries regarding GetHomeSafe's privacy, feel free to contact our support team for assistance.
Contact us