VIEW
Paktor
www.gopaktor.com
FREE - On App Store
VIEW
Paktor
www.gopaktor.com
FREE - On Google Play
Home
About
GaiGai
Careers
Contact
Testimonials
Premium
Sign Out
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 10 January 2023
This Privacy Policy explains the information that Paktor Pte. Ltd. ("
Paktor Pte. Ltd.
,", "
we
", or "
us
") collect
          about users of the Paktor mobile application (“
Paktor App
”) and
          related website www.gopaktor.com ("
Website
"), how we use that
          information, and with whom we share it. For the avoidance of doubt, Paktor App and Website shall hereinafter
          be collectively termed as
"Paktor"
, however, the use of the term
“Paktor”
in the provisions hereafter shall refer to both Website
          and Paktor App as well as either the Website or the Paktor App, i.e. such aforesaid provisions shall apply to
          all parts/components of Paktor. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will post a
          revised Privacy Policy on this page, and you agree that it is your responsibility to regularly check our
          Website for all updates to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us by sending an
          email to
help@gopaktor.com
or writing to Paktor Pte.
          Ltd., 10 Anson Road, #26-04, International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
This Privacy Policy is read in conjunction with, and is deemed incorporated by reference, to be part of the
          Terms of Service. Accordingly, if you use Paktor, you must agree with the terms and conditions set out herein
          this Privacy Policy, and the terms and conditions herein this Privacy Policy shall constitute a binding and
          enforceable agreement against you. In the event that you do not agree with any provision herein this Privacy
          Policy, please immediately cease all use of Paktor.
1. Types of Data Collected
1.1
When you visit, access or use Paktor, we collect
            Personal Data and Anonymised Data.
1.2
“Personal Data”
refers to information with personal
            identifiers that can be used separately or collectively to identify an individual, such as name, address,
            NRIC number, mobile number, email address, birthdate, gender, income range, residency status, and credit
            card details.
1.3
"Anonymised Data"
refers to information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data and cannot be used
            to identify individual persons.
2. Information that We Collect Automatically
2.1
When you use Paktor, we automatically collect and store information about your computer
            Or mobile device and your activities. This information includes:
a.
Your mobile device's unique ID number.
b.
Your mobile device's geographic location while the
              Paktor App is actively running
c.
Your computer's IP address.
d.
Technical information about your computer or mobile
              device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system).
e.
Your preferences and settings (time zone, language,
              privacy preferences, product preferences, etc.).
f.
The URL of the last web page you visited before coming
              to our Website or one of our other related websites.
g.
The buttons, controls and ads you clicked on (if any).
h.
How long you used Paktor and which services and
              features you used.
i.
The online or offline status of Paktor.
2.2
We allow third party analytics companies to use tracking
            technologies to collect Anonymised Data about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online
            activities. These companies analyse this information to help us understand how Paktor and our related
            websites are being used. Analytics companies may use mobile device IDs, as described in the paragraph below
            ("Mobile device IDs"). Mobile device IDs: In order to recognize you, store your preferences, and track your
            use of our application; we may store your Mobile device IDs (the unique identifier assigned to a device by
            the manufacturer) when you use the Paktor App. Unlike cookies, Mobile device IDs cannot be deleted. What we
            don't share: We do not provide third parties analytics companies with your name, address, email address, or
            phone number.
2.3
We may publicly disclose aggregated information that is
            Anonymised Data about our users, such as the
            total number of our users and their overall demographics.
3. Information You choose to Provide
A.
Registration and Profile
3.1
In order to register for an account to use the Paktor App, you will be asked to sign-in using your
              Facebook/Google/Apple login. Please be aware that if you do so, you authorize us to access certain
              Facebook/Google/Apple account information, including information about your Facebook/Google/Apple friends
              who might be common Facebook/Google/Apple friends with other Paktor users. By allowing us to access your
              Facebook/Google/Apple account, you understand that we will obtain and share the following personal
              information: (1) your name, (2) your profile picture, (3) your email address, (4) the name and profile
              picture of your Facebook/Google/Apple friends who are common Facebook/Google/Apple friends with other
              Paktor users in your network or geolocation.
3.2
Whenever you voluntarily disclose Personal Data on publicly viewable screens or pages, that information
              will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email
              address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other
              users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and
              caution with respect to your Personal Data
3.3
You may also (but are not required to) provide additional information about yourself (such as your gender,
              location, URL, or a biography) to increase your scope of interaction with other Paktor users. Any
              additional image or information you provide may be publicly displayed.
3.4
Accordingly, you hereby confirm that you grant your specific informed consent to our collection,
              use, retention, sharing, disclosure and/or transfer of your Personal Data as provided to us pursuant to
              clauses 3.1 to 3.3 above.
3.5
If you wish, we will delete your account information; to do so, please close your account by sending
              an email to
help@gopaktor.com
.
B.
Third Party Sites, Mobile Applications and Social Network
            Sites
3.6
Paktor may contain hyperlinks to websites or mobile
              applications operated by third parties. Such
              third party websites or mobile applications are not governed by our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.
              We are not responsible for the privacy policies or data security of such third party websites or mobile
              applications, even if they are co-branded with our company name or logo, or our Paktor App displays
              products or services originating from such third parties. As such, we urge you to learn about the
              privacy policies of these third parties before accessing their websites or applications or using any of
              their services or products, and to be careful about providing any Personal Data to them. You agree that
              Paktor Pte. Ltd. shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of the aforesaid third parties or any
              loss or damage that you may suffer due to your use or access of such third party websites, applications,
              services and products.
3.7
As indicated in clause 3.1 above, we utilize reputable
              social media/messaging/network sites
              (collectively, the “Social Media Sites”) in conjunction with Paktor. In addition to Facebook and Weibo,
              we may also utilize other reputable Social Media Sites such as Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and
              LinkedIn so as to connect to your social networks. In order to generate interest in Paktor and our
              services (and therefore increase the networking opportunities for Paktor users), we provide access to
              Paktor to the third party Social Media Sites, and there are links in Paktor to such Social Media Sites.
              The aforesaid association with the Social Media Sites does not constitute any endorsement or
              recommendation of the Social Media Sites by Paktor Pte. Ltd., nor vice versa. Kindly review the terms of
              use and privacy policies of the Social Media Sites before you use or access such Social Media Sites in
              conjunction with Paktor or any of our promotions and services made available via any Social Media Sites.
3.8
The association of Paktor with the Social Media Sites
              makes available certain features which when
              used by you, may result in information being made available from your accounts with the Social Media
              Sites to Paktor Pte. Ltd. Such information which we collect about you shall constitute public
              information that is available in the general domain because such information was made publicly available
              by the Social Media Sites. Should you prefer that we do not collect your information from the Social
              Media Sites, please (i) do not use the features or links that associates Paktor with the Social Media
              Sites; and (ii) adjust the settings in your accounts with the Social Media Sites to prevent the sharing
              of your information with Paktor. Please note that Paktor Pte. Ltd. cannot control nor is Paktor Pte.
              Ltd. howsoever responsible for the sharing of your information by the Social Media Sites with third
              parties.
3.9
One of the features which you may see available on
              Paktor in association with the Social Media
              Sites, is the “like” feature by Facebook, and other similar functions provided by other Social Media
              Sites. When you “like” our Paktor App or our services, information about our Paktor App and our services
              will be made known to your network within your Social Media Sites’ accounts via a variety of methods
              employed by the relevant Social Media Site. Your information may also be made known alongside with our
              services that you have liked pursuant to the methods/channels made available by Social Media Sites in
              relation to such features. If you are not agreeable to the aforegoing, please instruct the relevant
              Social Media Site or adjust your account settings with the Social Media Site. Please note however that
              we are not obliged to display on Paktor or any related webpages (whether on Social Media Sites or
              otherwise) any of your information, including but not limited to your photo or name, even if you “like”
              our Paktor App or our services. In the event that any of your information, product or service
              endorsements (including your liking of our Paktor App or any of our services or third party products or
              services) appear on Paktor or any related webpages (whether on Social Media Sites or otherwise), we
              shall have the right in our sole discretion to remove such information or product/service endorsements
              from Paktor or any related webpages.
4. Information about Others
We may collect and store Personal Data about other people that is available to us through your
          Facebook/Google/Apple login, namely the name and picture of certain of your Facebook/Google/Apple friends as
          follows: we will only share this information with other Paktor users who are already friends with your
          Facebook/Google/Apple friend and who already have access to such information.
5. How we use your Information (including Personal Data)
5.1
​
            We use your information to provide Paktor to you, supply and improve our services, award loyalty points to
            you, make special offers, customize services for you, better understand our users, diagnose and fix
            problems, as well as sell and display offers and ads that may be of interest to you, including but not
            limited to offers of services by Paktor’s related entities (such as GaiGai Pte. Ltd, Paktor MY Sdn. Bhd -
            “Datesmith”, Paktor Hong Kong Ltd - “HeyDouble”) in relation to dating (whether offline or online), personal
            grooming and personal attractiveness (i.e. services that can be reasonably deduced to be of interest to you
            in view of your communications with, access to, registration with, download or use of Paktor). In the event
            that you are not agreeable to any of the aforegoing uses of your information, please email us your specific
            objections to
help@gopaktor.com
, failing which you are
            deemed to have agreed to our use of your information as per the aforegoing.
5.2
When you register your account on Paktor App using your Facebook/Google/Apple log-in pursuant to clause 3.1
            above, your Facebook/Google/Apple account information that you provide will be used to create and manage
            your account, provide you with customer support, fulfill your transactions, as well as to communicate to you
            about our services. With this basic account information, we can recommend to you other members to connect as
            well as to show profiles of our members to each other.
5.3
In addition, while the Paktor App is in use, we keep
            track of your device's geographic location
            (“
Geo-location-information
”) so that we can connect you to
            other Paktor users based on your particular
            geographic location.
6. How long do we keep your Information
6.1
Your personal information will only be kept for as
            long as we need it for providing you our services and as permitted by applicable law. If you decide to stop
            using our services, you can close your account and your profile will no longer be visible to other members.
            Note that we will close your account automatically if you are inactive, or did not log into your account,
            for
            a period of two years. To facilitate potential investigation efforts of unlawful app usage and misuse of
            user
            Information, we will retain your personal information for an additional period of three months after your
            account is closed, or one year in the case of an account ban, before your Information will be deleted. By
            doing so, we can better protect our users, as well as the company’s interest. Finally, we maintain
            information
            on the basis of our company interest where there is an outstanding or potential issue, claim or dispute
            requiring us to keep information (in particular if we receive a valid legal subpoena or request asking us to
            preserve data (in which case we would need to keep the data to comply with our legal obligations) or if data
            would otherwise be necessary as part of legal proceedings).
6.2
Upon the final approval by the Data Protection
            Officer (DPO), your personal information will be deleted at the end of each calendar month after it has been
            scheduled for deletion. Personal information includes all personal data directly associated with your user
            profile input personally by you, or accessed from your social media accounts with your consent. In
            accordance
            with Amazon AWS Documentation, mapping from the public name to these electronic files on AWS will be removed
            and processed across the distributed system within several seconds. Once the mapping is removed, no external
            access to the deleted files can be made. This storage space will be made available for write operations and
            the data is overwritten by newly stored data. For personal Information stored in paper format, these
            physical
            copies will be shredded and disposed of securely.
7. Use of Your Information by Others
7.1
For the purpose of providing Paktor and our other
            services to you, we engage third party service
            providers. We may share user information (including your Personal Data) with the aforesaid third party
            service providers for various reasons as described below in clause 7.2. What information we make
            available to our third party service providers depends on the nature of our relationships with them.
            Please rest assured that our third party service providers are carefully selected and are bound (whether
            at law or in contract) by obligations of confidentiality and data protection similar to the requirements
            of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
7.2
Third parties that we currently work with that handle
		  personal information from Paktor App are as follows:
Company
Purpose of transfer
Personal information
Retention and use period
AWS
Storage and processing of personal data
All personal data provided by users such as age, name, contact details, dating profile information, app usage records.
For as long as service is rendered to the user. Refer to Section 6 for more information on how long we retain user information.
Twilio
Sending SMS for mobile verification
Mobile number only
Personal Data is immediately removed after message is sent
Mailchimp
Sending marketing and application update emails
Name and email addresses only
For as long as service is rendered to the user. Refer to Section 6 for more information on how long we retain user information.
PWC
Statutory audit requirements
Sample personal data such as user ID, name and contact details.
Depends on the local tax authorities and audit company policy up to 7 years.
7.3
​Except as provided above, we do not sell, rent,
            license or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to third parties or our affiliated companies. We
            are careful in our selection of third party service providers, and all such third party service providers
            as well as our abovementioned affiliated companies are bound by obligations of data protection (pursuant
            to contracts and/or applicable laws) similar to the obligations herein this Privacy Policy.
8. Transferring Personal Data out of and into Singapore
8.1
Pursuant to the purposes and activities as set out in
            sections 2 to 7 above, it may be necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data out of Singapore. You
            hereby agree and consent to the aforesaid transfer, on the understanding that the recipients of such
            Personal Data are also subject to applicable laws or contractual obligations similar to the obligations as
            set out in the PDPA.
8.2
If you are residing outside Singapore, your information
            (including your Personal Data) will be sent to and stored in Singapore, where our servers are located. Below
            includes the breakdown of Personal Data that will be transferred into and out of Singapore.
Consignment company
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Location of consignment company
23 Church St, #10-01, Singapore 049481
Date of transfer
Continuous
Method of transfer
Remote transfer
Contact Information of person in charge of Information Management
Howie Tan | howietan@amazon.com
Items of personal information transferred
All personal data provided by users such as age, name, contact details, dating profile information, app usage records.
Purpose of transfer
Storage and processing of personal information for proper operations of the dating application
Retention period
Personal information will be retained for as long as service is rendered to the user. Refer to Section 6 for more information on how long we retain user information.
9. Your Consent
9.1
Based on the information that we have provided herein
            this Privacy Policy, you agree that by using Paktor, you hereby grant your specific informed consent to our
            collection, use, retention, disclosure and transfer of your Personal Data as set out in Sections 2 to 8
            above.
9.2
You may at any time withdraw your consent to our use,
            retention, disclosure or transfer of your Personal Data pursuant to this Privacy Policy by emailing our Data
            Protection Officer at
DPO@gopaktor.com
.However, please note that any such
            withdrawal of consent may result in us being unable to continue providing our services or fulfilling our
            contractual obligations with you, including but not limited to termination of your access to Paktor (and
            therefore termination of any credits in your Paktor account), termination of any loyalty programme benefits
            that would otherwise have been available to you, inability to provide you with the opportunity to
            participate in promotions, and inability to fulfil any purchase orders that you may have submitted to or
            through Paktor. Accordingly, your withdrawal of consent may also lead to the termination of any contract(s)
            that you may have with Paktor Pte. Ltd., as well as termination of any purchase or subscription orders to
            third parties submitted through Paktor, for which Paktor Pte. Ltd. expressly reserves its rights and
            remedies thereto. Our Data Protection Officer will further advise you on the legal consequences that may
            ensue should you contact him to withdraw your consent
9.3
Should you wish to unsubscribe to any of our updates
            sent to you via Paktor or email, please click the "unsubscribe" option made available to you or email us at
help@gopaktor.com
.
            Please note however that this may result in our being unable to make available to you updates on our Paktor
            App, your Paktor account, benefits under our loyalty programme and any ongoing promotions.
10. Access and Correction of Personal Data
10.1
Should you wish to access, update or make corrections
            to
            your Personal Data held with us, you can do
            so at any time by accessing your account information via the Paktor App or emailing us at
DPO@gopaktor.com
.
10.2
There will be no administrative fees or other charges
            levied for any request to correct or update your Personal Data. However, for all other requests such as
            accessing your Personal Data held with us (such access not being done by you via the Paktor App), obtaining
            a record of when you accessed our Paktor App, visited the Website, a printout of your previous postings or
            messages to other Paktor users, etc., a reasonable administrative fee may be levied depending on your
            request as time and resources will be spent in accommodating your requests.
10.3
In the event that you wish for your Personal Data to be
		  deleted at any point in time, you may make your request by emailing to
help@gopaktor.com
.
10.4
Should you have any queries or complaints pertaining to
            this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Service, your Personal Data as registered with us, or in relation to our
            use, retention, disclosure or transfer of your Personal Data, or should you desire to learn more about our
            data protection policies and security measures, please email our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@gopaktor.com
.
11. Minor's privacy
We do not allow persons under 18 to register for any service (including the Paktor App), and we do not
          knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from persons under the age of 18. However, we are
          not able to ascertain on our end whether persons who register for our services are actually above 18 or under.
          It is thus the responsibility of parents and legal guardians to ensure that their minors do not register for
          or access Paktor or to provide us with Personal Data without parental/legal guardian’s consent. If we become
          aware that a person under 18 has provided us with Personal Data without parental or legal guardian’s consent,
          we will delete such information from our records and terminate any account registered with us.
12. Do-Not-Call ("DNC") Provisions and Registries
12.1
You should register your mobile number with DNC to
            minimize unsolicited and unwanted marketing
            calls.
12.2
We respect your selections in relation to the channels
            via which you wish to receive our updates and other communications. Therefore, if you have registered your
            telephone and/or fax number with the Do-Not-Call Registries in relation to telephone calls, text or fax
            messages, we will not send you any communications via the channels that you have opted out of by registering
            with the Do-Not-Call Registries. However, if you have previously consented to our sending you communications
            via your telephone number (calls or text messages) and/or facsimile number, we will continue doing so until
            you withdraw your consent by contacting our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@gopaktor.com
.
13. Security Measures for Protection of Personal Data
13.1
We ensure that Paktor is protected by reasonable
            security measures afforded by current technology,
            and that all our data hosts and servers are similarly protected by such security measures, including but
            not limited to firewalls.
13.2
Your Personal Data is kept securely and protected
            against unauthorized access and disclosure. We
            utilize security means such as (without limitation) password protection, encryption, locked and
            restricted access. We have strict policies in place restricting access to Personal Data to only our
            authorized personnel on a need-to-know basis.
13.3
We will take practical steps to ensure that your
            Personal Data will not be kept longer than as set
            out herein this Privacy Policy, or for as long as is necessary for fulfilling the purposes for which you
            have entrusted us with your Personal Data, or as may be required for legitimate business or legal
            purposes, whichever is the latest.
14. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of Singapore. In the event of any
          disputes arising from this Privacy Policy and/or your use of Paktor, you must first contact our Data
          Protection Officer at
DPO@gopaktor.com
regarding your
          concern and use your best endeavours to amicably settle any dispute in good faith. We on our part will also
          use our best endeavours to amicably settle your concerns in good faith. However, if no amicable resolution is
          reached within 30 days, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Singapore.
—- End of Privacy Policy
Older Versions of Paktor Privacy Policies
2013.08 - 2015.08:
http://bit.ly/3Xkg3JY
2015.08 - 2018.02:
http://bit.ly/3GRuAr7
2018.02 - 2022.10:
http://bit.ly/3Gr8DOp
2022.10 - 2023.01:
http://bit.ly/3ZqtCcC
Error: Unable to connect to server.
Please try again later.