Irish Driving Test Routes App Privacy policy
Des O’Neill built the Irish Driving Test Routes (IDTR) App as a Commercial app. This service is provided by Des O’Neill and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use this Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that is collected is used for providing and improving the Service. Your information will not be shared with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the Terms and Conditions, which is accessible from within the Irish Driving Test Routes (IDTR) App unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, you may be required to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information is request will be retained on your device and is not stored in any other way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Whenever you use this service, in case of an error in the app data and information is collected (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse these cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
Third-party companies and individuals may be employed to carry out the following tasks:
To facilitate this service
To provide the service on our behalf
To perform service-related service
To assist in analyzing how this Service is used
Third parties such as developers and support staff may have access to your Personal Information to enable the above tasks.  However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
Your trust in providing us your Personal Information is valued, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites have no connection to the service. Therefore, it is strongly advised that you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.  No control over these 3rd party links is applien and no responsibility is assumed, for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. Data or personally identifiable information is not collected knowingly from children under 13 years of age. In the case where it is discovered that a child under 13 has provided personal information, this will immediately be deleted from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at the address below so that the necessary actions can be taken.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2024-06-04
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, please contact us at routes@drivingtestroutes.ie