Sign in
×
Recent Communications
Privacy Policy
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Weathermatic (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “Company”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at
support@weathermatic.com
.
We have prepared the following Privacy Policy to describe to you how we collect, use and share personal information from users of our website (“Website”), our mobile application (“Application”), our hardware device(s) that pair or connect to the Website and/or Application (“Product”), and the services we provide via the Website, Application and Product (“Services”). This Privacy Policy applies with respect to all information we have collected from users of our Website, Application, Product and Services, including any information that may have been collected under prior privacy policies.
We hope that you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services.
What Information Do We Collect?
How We Use Your Information.
Will Your Information Be Shared with Anyone?
Do We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Do We Use Google Maps?
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
How Do We Keep Your Information Safe?
Do We Collect Information About Minors?
What Are Your Privacy Rights?
Do California Residents Have Specific Privacy Rights?
Changes to This Privacy Policy?
Questions or Concerns
1. What Information Do We Collect?
The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve services and allows our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize their experience on the Website. We collect information from end users of the Website, Application, Product and Services in the following ways:
Personal Information You Provide Us:
We collect and store any information you voluntarily provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and payment information. For example:
When you register for an account on our Website or Application, we collect personal information, your first and last name, email address, username, postal address and similar contact data, and password as part of the registration process.
When you provide information about your irrigation system, including zone characteristics, watering schedules, repair items, and any pictures uploaded of your site and/or watering zones, we will collect and associate them with your Account.
When you specify the location your Product (city, zip, and/or geo-coordinates), we may store that data to provide you with location-based information relevant to your service experience.
When you purchase services on our Website, we collect information necessary to process your payment, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card). All payment data is stored by our third-party payment processor. We currently use Stripe, Inc. (
https://stripe.com/
) for online payments. We do not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account information. For more information on how payments are handled, or to understand the data security and privacy, please refer to Stripe’s terms at:
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
When you provide us feedback or contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply.
If you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information based on the answers you provide.
Other types of information such as your Product’s version and registration number, and other requested information may be collected to improve support for the Product and Services.
Information Collected Automatically:
Some information such as IP Address and/or browser and device characteristics is collected automatically when you interact with our Website, Application, Product or Services.
Geo-Location Information.
We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data.
We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address. We generally use this information to understand how visitors to our Website and Application use them, and how to improve our navigation and Services.
Services Information.
We may automatically collect information related to your use of the Services, including without watering schedules, irrigation activity, water consumption information, alerts, skipped scheduled events and information related to and watering zones. We generally use this data to improve our Services.
Sensor Information.
If you connect third party devices to the Services, such as rain sensors, flow meters or weather stations, we may collect the information provided by these third-party devices and add them to your profile information. We use this data to provide and improve the Services.
2. How We Use Your Information
In general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate the creation and secure
your Account on our network.
To identify you
as a user in our system.
To send you a welcome email
to verify ownership of the email address provided when your Account was created.
To improve the quality of experience
when you interact with our Site and Services.
To improve and provide you administrative information
for business purposes, legal reasons and possibly for contractual reasons.
To fulfill and manage your orders
for contractual reasons. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through our Sites or Apps.
To send you targeted newsletters,
surveys, offers, and other training or promotional materials related to our Services and for other purposes of the Company. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use your information for marketing and training purposes if that is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing emails any time (see the “What Are Your Privacy Rights” below).
To administer prize draws and competitions
for our Business Purpose and/or with your Consent. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in competitions.
To respond to your inquiries
related to employment opportunities or other requests.
To make telephone calls
to you as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback.
To enforce our terms
,
conditions and policies
for Business Purposes, Legal reasons and/or Contractual.
To respond to legal requests
and prevent harm for Legal Reasons. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To protect our Sites for Business Purposes
and/or for Legal Reasons. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites or Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For other Business Purposes
. We may use your information for data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites or Apps, products, services, marketing and your experience.
3. Will Your Information Be Shared with Anyone?
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations. We share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Protection of Company and Others:
Regardless of the choices you make regarding your personal information, we may disclosure your personal information if the Company believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on the Company; (b) enforce or investigate any potential violations of our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy or potential violation of law; (c) in connection with a legal investigation; or (d) protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and branches for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Business Transfers:
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With Your Consent:
We will share your personal information in accordance with your elections.
Shared Access Features.
Our Services may allow users to share certain administrative or operative features and functions of their Account and Product (“Shared Access Features”) with other users. For example, our Services may enable users to share control of the irrigation features of the Product with other users, such as their landscape professional, to enable that user to program their watering schedule. Users are solely responsible for designating who may access the Shared Access Features associated with their Account and can change these designations in their Account settings.
Vendors, Consultants and other Third-Party Service Providers
. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third-parties to use tracking technology on the Sites or Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites or Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third-parties for their promotional purposes.
4. Do We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to collect and store information.
We use tools (including Google analytics) to collect information from visitors in order to better understand how they use our website (e.g., browser type, domains, page views). We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our web application; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies that stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the site.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you turn off cookies, parts of Smartlink.com may not work for you. We recommend you leave cookies enabled to take advantage of our Website’s features.
5. Do We Use Google Maps?
We use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.
When you interact with our Website, Application, or Services, you will find the applications use Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps API Terms of Service
here
. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this
link
.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service. You agree to allow us to obtain or cache your location. You may revoke your consent at any time. We use this information about location in conjunction with data from other data providers.
6. How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
We will only keep personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this Privacy Policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years past the termination of the user’s account.
7. How Do We Keep Your Information Safe?
Your Account is protected by a password selected by you for your privacy and security. You are solely responsible for ensuring that there is no unauthorized access to your password.
We have implemented appropriate technical and branchal security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sits or Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
What Personal Information Can You Access?
We allow you to access, update and delete the following information in your Account:
First and Last Name
Account and user profile information, including images and other data and information you have uploaded to the Website
User e-mail address
Username and password
User preferences
Location
Phone Number
Company Name
If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at support@weathermatic.com
What Choices Do You Have?
You may request deletion or inactivation of your Account by sending an e-mail to
support@weathermatic.com
. Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your Account.
We will periodically send you free newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of the Website, Application, Product and Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive, by changing your Account settings, or by notifying us at
support@weathermatic.com
. Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
8. Do We Collect Information About Minors?
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Sites or Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites or Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at support@weathermat.com.
9. What Are Your Privacy Rights?
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information; (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your sent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of processing before its withdrawal.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we were unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080
10. Do California Residents Have Specific Privacy Rights?
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing us in the contact information provided below.
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we may notify either you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Company may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website and/or sending you an email (if you have registered for any Account). You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
12. Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions, complaints or concerns regarding policy, you may contact us at
support@weathermatic.com
or by post to:
Weathermatic
3301 Kingsley
Garland, TX 12325
United States
Phone: 888-484-3776
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://stripe.com/us/privacy&sa=D&ust=1534364933869000:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.