JENKI mobile application is owned and operated by JENKI Ltd, who are the controller of all stored data.
PepperHQ Ltd operate as a processor of data for JENKI App.
This policy, together with our MOBILE APP TERMS OF USE, explain how we may use information we collect about you, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you. Please read this policy and our MOBILE TERMS OF USE carefully.
Information we collect about you through JENKI App.
We collect information about you when you:
register to use JENKI App;
attempt to check in to our stores;
register your debit or credit card details;
upload a profile photo, and
use the payments facility in JENKI App to pay for your purchase.
This information is collected, stored and processed under Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR, “processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract" i.e. We need this data for you to be able to use the App for it&#39;s primary purposes.
Using your information
Collecting personal information in JENKI App (name, email address, date of birth) helps us to better understand what you need from us.
We use your information to:
improve the functionality and performance of JENKI App;
personalise our services to you;
tell you about important changes to JENKI App and related services, and
manage promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires.
Your personal information is safe with us and will never be released to third party companies for marketing purposes.
JENKI App captures your geographic location when you attempt to "check in" to one of our stores. We do this to identify which store you are in or near to allow you to pay using JENKI App, and to provide an enhanced visitor experience (for example, through digital loyalty cards). We will only capture this information with your consent. JENKI App also captures basic usage metrics to help us identify any problems and to make improvements in the future. These metrics also help us understand how people use JENKI App and how many people use the different functions within JENKI App.
Your contact details and personal information may be used to send direct marketing messages to you via your contact details provided. This is done only with your explicit consent, which can be withdrawn at any time from the MyAccount options within the app. You may refuse consent for marketing messages without detriment to any other areas of functionality within the app.
Information We Capture
Geographic location
We provide enhanced store visit experiences when you choose to pay using JENKI App. You may prevent JENKI App from accessing your device's location services, or turn off the location services of your Mobile Device. Doing so will impact the capability of JENKI App and prevent you from enjoying an enhanced experience.
Data you share with us (Including information you give us when signing up, and information
which is shared automatically, such as Device ID, and IP address)
We use this data to log you in to JENKI App and it helps us understand our customers better and present you with appropriate offers and promotions. Your data is stored in an encrypted database and transferred over a secure network connection. You decide which data you do and do not share with us. If you ask us to, we will update, correct or delete any data which you give to us.
Your profile photo
Your profile photo is used in store to verify your identity. If you ask us to, we will update, correct or delete your profile photo. However, you must have a profile photo if you wish to use JENKI App to pay for your purchases in-store.
Your purchase history
We use your purchase history to provide personalised offers and analyse which products and rewards are most likely to interest you.
Data storage, protection and your right to access and erasure
Your data is stored in an encrypted database and transferred over secure network connections. We will store your information for as long as your account exists in JENKI App. If your user account is entirely inactive for a period of 12 months or more, we will delete your account. If you ask us to, or if you delete your account, we will delete the information linked to your account which can identify you personally, including your profile photo and personal details.
You may ask us, at any time, to provide to you confirmation that your data is being processed and access to your personal data. This will generally be provided within 7-21 working days.
Marketing and research
If you agree, we may contact you:
with offers and information about JENKI products or services.
for customer research, e.g. to help improve our service.
You can ask us to stop contacting you for marketing and/or research purposes by following the instructions in any such communication or by emailing us at hello@huntersinnromsey.com
Disclosing your information
We will never disclose your information to anyone outside of JENKI Ltd except:
Where we have your consent
Where we are required or permitted to do so by law
To other companies who provide a service to us as a processor under the terms of this privacy policy
To any successors in title to our business.
If we ever transfer your personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area we will ensure that appropriate security measures are taken.
Accessing your information
To obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, email us at app@jenki.co.uk. Please confirm any details to help us identify and locate your information. If any of the details are incorrect, let us know and we will amend them.
Changes to our policy
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of July 2024. We reserve the right to change the policy at any time.
Contacting us
If you have any queries, please contact us at app@jenki.co.uk
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.jenki.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Home
SHOP
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
ALL
MATCHA
SUBSCRIPTIONS
JENKI GIFT CARD
EQUIPMENT
MERCH
VISIT
ABOUT
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
WHAT'S MATCHA
OUR STORY
JOURNAL
1% FOR THE PLANET
RECIPES
JENKI APP
Log in
Search
Cart
0
Search
Close (esc)
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to us. It is JENKI DRINKS Ltd's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.jenki.co.uk, and other sites we own and operate. We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service.
When you provide your phone number to JENKI, we may use this information to send you marketing communications via text messages (SMS). We store your phone number securely and only use it for the purposes of sending you information and updates about our products, services, and promotions. We do not share or sell your phone number to third parties for their own marketing purposes. You can opt-out of SMS marketing communications at any time by following the instructions provided in our SMS messages, typically by replying "STOP". Once you opt-out, you will no longer receive marketing text messages from JENKI unless you expressly opt back in at a later date.
What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law. Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies. You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services. Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us. This policy is effective as of 1 March 2020.
Close (esc)
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue browsing
here
.
t:

                                
e
Quantity
Remove