Mullinahone Co-op - Data Privacy Statement
At Mullinahone Co-op, we take your privacy seriously. It is important that you know exactly what we do with personal information that you and others provide to us, why we gather it and what it means to you. This document is being provided to you in line with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into force on 25 May 2018. From that date, the GDPR, together with applicable Irish requirements, has amended existing data protection law and placed enhanced accountability and transparency obligations on organisations when using your information. The GDPR has also introduced changes which give you greater control over your personal information, including a right to object to processing of your personal information where that processing is carried out for our business purposes.
Please take time to read this notice carefully. If you are under 16 years of age, please read this summary with a parent or guardian and ensure you understand it. If you have any questions about how we use your information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the details below.
This summary explains the most important aspects of how we use your information and what rights you have in relation to your personal information.
1. Who we are
Throughout this document, 'we', 'us', 'our' and 'ours' refer to Mullinahone Co-operative Dairy Society Ltd.
2. The information we collect about you
We will/may hold:
data to identify you, including your contact information;
information which you have consented to us using; and
other personal information such as: telephone recordings; CCTV images at our main site and information provided when exercising your rights under Section 9 below.
3. When we collect your information
We collect information:
you give us;
information from your purchase/use of our products, services , our websites and mobile apps; and
information provided to us by third parties.
4. How we use your information and the legal basis
We use, and share, your data where:
use is necessary in relation to a service or a contract that you have entered into (e.g. to provide you with products or other services) or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with us (e.g. you have asked us to provide you with a quote);
you have agreed or explicitly consented to the using of your data in a specific way (you may withdraw your consent at any time); and
use for our legitimate interests (which you may object to) such as managing our business including providing products, service information, conducting marketing activities, training and quality assurance.
5. Who we share your information with
When providing our services to you, we may share your information with:
your authorised representatives;
third parties with whom: (i) we need to share your information to facilitate transactions you have requested, and (ii) you permit us to share your information;
service providers who provide us with support services; and
statutory and regulatory bodies (including central and local government) and law enforcement authorities;
6. How long we hold your information
How long we hold your data for is subject to legislation and regulatory rules we must follow, set by authorities. Data is held for varying periods depending on its nature and the necessity to retain. For our current data retention policy, please contact:
privacy@mull-coop.ie
, by post to Data Protection Officer, Mullinahone Co-op, Mullinahone, Thurles, Co. Tipperary, E41 YV05 or by contacting 052 915 3900.
7. Implications of not providing information
If you do not provide information we may not be able to:
provide requested products or services to you;
to continue to provide and/or renew existing products or services
8. Transfers outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
In some cases, we may transfer information about you and your products and services with us to our service providers who may use back up and storage facilities outside the EEA. We have requested to be informed in all instances where this will occur and will only permit transfer to those jurisdictions that have been considered by the European Commission as providing adequate levels of data protection. If you require any further information on possible transfers outside of the EEA please contact us using the details below.
9. How to exercise your information rights including the right to object
Since 25 May 2018, you have several enhanced rights in relation to how we use your information, including the right, without undue delay, to:
find out if we use your information, access your information and receive copies of your information;
have inaccurate/incomplete information corrected and updated;
object to particular use of your personal data for our legitimate business interests or direct marketing purposes;
in certain circumstances, to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted; and
to withdraw consent at any time where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of your data rights, you can contact us at
privacy@mull-coop.ie
, by post to Data Protection Officer, Mullinahone Co-op, Mullinahone, Thurles, Co. Tipperary, E41 YV05 or by contacting 052 915 3900.
If we are unable to deal with your request fully within a calendar month (due to the complexity or number of requests) we may extend this period by a further two calendar months and shall explain the reason why. If you make your request electronically, we will try to provide you with the relevant information electronically.
You also have the right to complain to the Data Protection Commission or another supervisory authority. You can contact the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at:
Telephone:
+353 (0)761 104 800 or Lo Call Number 1890 252 231
Fax:
+353 57 868 4757
E-mail:
info@dataprotection.ie
Postal Address:
Data Protection Commission, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, R32 AP23, Co. Laois.
10. How to contact us and/or our Data Protection Officer
If you have questions about how we use your information, you can reach our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mull-coop.ie
,
by post to Data Protection Officer, Mullinahone Co-op, Mullinahone, Thurles, Co. Tipperary, E41 YV05 or by contacting 052 915 3900.
11. Updates
We will update our Data Privacy Statement from time to time and reserve the right to do so. Any updates will be made available via our website at -
Privacy Data
.