Scroll
What does my baby see?
This question comes to mind the moment a baby's eyes first open.
Can she see my face? Can he tell if I am smiling? What about colors?
As it happens, scientists have devoted years learning about how the eye and brain develop and conducted hundreds of studies learning how babies discern clarity, color, and contrast.
REBIScan and Boston Children’s Hospital's Chief of Ophthalmology, David G. Hunter, MD, PhD, have worked with a scientific and engineering team to create the BabySee infant vision simulator to bring the science of visual development in infants to life in real time.
BabySee is an educational app that will allow you to see the world through your child's eyes and inform you of tests your child’s doctor is advised to perform during well child visits. This app is the first of a pipeline of tools being developed by REBIScan to improve lives from infancy through adulthood.
CLICK BELOW TO DOWNLOAD ON THE APP STORE OR GOOGLE PLAY!
Babysee Privacy Policy
Can she see my face?
Can she see color?
Can she see shapes?
BabySee has the following functions
Real-time video image simulates visual clarity, color, and contrast at given age
Touch and hold your device screen
to compare infant vision with normal
adult vision
A slider to show vision at different ages
Learn official recommendations about what pediatricians are supposed to test at your child’s next scheduled visit
Link to scientific articles to learn more about how infant vision develops and is tested
Enter and save your child’s name and date of birth
Share favorite images via email, text, and social media
BabySee gives you the ability to discover what your baby sees
Click here to join our free affiliate program
banner
New Page
quote1
babysee functions
quote2
New Page
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.rebion.net/baby-see-privacy:
Traq.
blinq.
babysee.
team
Press
contact
BabySee
Privacy Policy
Rebiscan, Inc. (dba Rebion)
Last Updated: May 20, 2024
Introduction
Rebion ("we," "our," or "us") operates the BabySee mobile application (the "App"). We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we handle your data.
Data Collection and Usage
We do not collect, use, or share any personal or sensitive user data through the BabySee mobile application.
Types of Data Collected
No personal or sensitive user data is collected or processed by our App. This includes, but is not limited to, personal identifiers, financial information, health information, and device information.
Third-Party Data Sharing
As we do not collect any personal or sensitive user data, we do not share any such data with third parties.
Data Handling Procedures
Since no personal or sensitive user data is collected, there are no data handling procedures necessary for our App.
Data Retention and Deletion Policy
As we do not collect any personal or sensitive user data, we do not retain any such data. Therefore, there are no retention or deletion policies applicable.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the practices of our App, please contact us through ‘Contact’ link above.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Accessibility
This Privacy Policy is accessible from any standard web browser and does not require any special plugins or handlers.
­
­