Privacy
Policy
1.
Scope
1.1
This
Privacy Policy is intended to be incorporated into the Terms of Service (the
“Terms
of Services
”) and it describes how Fomo Oyun Yazilim ve Pazarlama Anonim
Şirketi and its subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other
corporate entities under common ownership and/or any of their agents,
consultants, employees, officers and directors (collectively, as “
Fomo
”)
having its headquarters Esentepe Mh. Kore Şehitleri Cd. No:4 Propa Plaza K:8 Şişli İstanbul in order to collect, use, process the personal
information (“
Personal Information
”) of the persons downloading, using
and accessing the below defined services (“
User
”) conferred rights
related thereto. In this Privacy Policy services provided by Fomo refer to the
games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services
collectively as the ("
Services
").
1.2
This
Privacy Policy applies to all of the Services, whether accessed on the
https://fomo.gs
website,
mobile devices, PCs, social media platforms, several integration programs or on
other platforms and alike. It also applies to the marketing and advertising
activities on all platforms and other services that Fomo may provide or any of
the marketing and advertising activities that through third party analytics and
ad-network services, social media platforms and similar platforms and systems from
time to time.
1.3
The
user hereby grants and undertakes the collection and processing of his/her
Personal Information under the terms and scope of this Privacy Policy.
1.4
By
using and downloading the Services, User hereby explicitly agree and accept
this Privacy Policy. If User is not willing to agree and accept this Privacy
Policy, the User is obliged to cease the use of the Services and delete the
Services from his/her equipment.
2.
Types of the Collected Personal Information and How
  We Collect It
2.1
Personal
Information regarding the current, prospective, and former clients, customers,
users, visitors, and guests may be collected. The types of Personal Information
Fomo may collect may vary upon the Service that User gets or relationship between
Fomo and User.
2.2
By
downloading, accessing and/or playing (if applicable) the games or using the
Services, User consents to the collection of information about User by Fomo. The
types of Personal Information Fomo may collect (directly from User or from
Third-parties) and the privacy practices varies on the nature of the
relationship that User have and the requirements of applicable law. Please find
below which type of Personal Information we collect and the ways of collection.
·
Information
Directly Collected from User
Some
games or parts of Fomo’s Services may use a more traditional registration or
account set-up process that User directly provides information:
Ø
User first and
last name, email address, player/user name, password, age or birthday, sex and
other information that helps Fomo to make sure it’s the User itself that is
accessing the account or helps Fomo to improve its services
Fomo
may also require from User to create player profile, in such cases, User
profile may include below mentioned information:
Ø
User first and
last name, email address, User identification number and/or user name, User
profile picture or his/her URL, player ID, location, sex, age-range, the login
e-mail, detail about the games User plays, mobile phone number (if provided by
User), locale, language of User application, time zone numbers for User friends
who are also connected to the Services.
·
Information
User Generates Using Fomo Services
Information that User provides Fomo with when User
fills in forms, and/or questions or complete surveys when using any of the
Services, when User creates an account with Fomo or if User invites his/her
friends to use the games and Services; (such as gender, name, date of birth
place, nickname, nationality); the content of messages sent using the chat and
messaging systems; posted photos, drawings, or other user-generated content;
public posts or comments
on other players’ profiles or gameboards.
Please note that, Fomo is entitled to access such record,
and/or store archives of these communications, photos, drawings, and other contents
generated by User in order to satisfy legal compliance and provide the safety
of other users/players generated content on Fomo servers to make use of them to
protect the safety and well-being of Fomo’s players as well as to conduct
researches in order to improve, personalize, and optimize Fomo’s Services and
games.
·
Information
collected when User make any purchases
In case of any purchase in-game virtual
currency or items in a Services, third-party payment processor may collect the
billing and financial information such as User’s postal address, e-mail
address, and financial information.
In case of obtaining Services on connected
third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, or
Amazon), any purchases that User make will be processed by that third-party
application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and
privacy policy. For these purchases, Fomo does not receive any financial
information, but may receive non-financial information related to the
purchases, like User’s name, approximate physical location, and the items
purchased.
Please note that the information that Fomo
collects receives depends on Services that User is provided with.
·
Information
About User That Fomo Get Connected from Third-Party Applications, Including
Social Networks
If User gets any
Services of Fomo on connected third-party applications or connect Fomo Services
to any third-party applications, including social networks like Facebook, Fomo
may receive certain information about User from the provider of the third-party
application. The information Fomo receives depends on the Service, the
third-party application, privacy settings. In such case Fomo may collect below
information;
Ø
User first and
last name, email address, User identification number and/or user name, User profile
picture or his/her URL, player ID, location, sex, age-range, the login e-mail, user
identification number (like Facebook ID number), which may be linked to
publicly-available information like name and profile photo; friends’ user ID
numbers and other public data; detail about the games User plays, mobile phone
number (if provided by User), locale, language of User application, time zone
numbers for User friends who are also connected to the Services; User personal
comments which may include Personal Information; Personal Information to be
published on the fan pages, forums, sites or to be provided via contest;
information about User’s activities on or through the connected third-party
application;
·
Cookies
and Other Automated Information Collection
Fomo
collects information about User’s devices by using cookies and other similar
technologies (e.g., beacons, pixel tags, clear gifs, and device identifiers) to
recognize User and/or User device(s) on, off, and across different Services and
devices. User always have option to opt out from such use and control it where
needed.
Ø
Protocol (IP)
address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, User mobile
device’s identifiers like User Identifier For Advertising , Advertising ID,
Game Center ID, the type of computer or mobile device User is using, User
device's operating system, version, model, hardware type and other device
identifiers that are automatically assigned to User computer or device when User
access the Internet, browser type and language, hardware type, operating
system, internet service provider, pages that User visit before and after using
the Services, the date and time of User visit, the amount of time User spend on
each page, information about the links User click and pages User view within
the Services and other actions taken through use of the Services such as
preferences; information Fomo collect via cookies and widgets that allows Fomo
to collect data, such as User device's model, operating system and screen size,
IP, game center IP, preferences and other information about how User use the
Services;
Ø
domain names;
Ø
performance and
game contextual data like User games session activity;
Ø
aggregated and/or
de-identified information that is not intended to specifically identify a user;
and
Ø
technical
information such as device identifier,
Ø
details about how User
uses and interacts with the Services (for example, information about how and
when User play the games or visit the websites(s),
Ø
information that User
provides Fomo when User fills in forms, and/or questions or complete surveys
when using any of the Services, when User creates an account with Fomo or if User
invites his/her friends to use the games and Services; (such as gender, name,
date of birth place, nickname, nationality etc. )
Ø
User interactions
with Fomo on the social media channels;
Ø
the name User have
associated with its device; country; telephone number (if User provides it);
specific geolocation (with User’s permission); mobile contacts; and/or
information about the Fomo games and other third-party apps on User’s device.
(if Fomo Services obtained via mobile device)
·
Other
Sources
Ø
information that Fomo
collects about User from the other group companies or other third party
companies who have obtained User’s consent or have another legal right to share
such information with Fomo (including publishing partners, platforms,
advertising platforms and partners and data aggregators who have obtained).
This may include attributes about User and User interests, as well as other
games and services that User uses, demographic and general location
information.
·
California
“Do Not Sell My Info.”
Fomo does not sell
any Personal Information or any data related to its users.
3.
Purpose
3.1
The
primary goal of processing the Personal Information is to provide a better
gaming experience, improve the Services, and conduct marketing and research
activities and create reports for internal use. The Personal Information may be
stored anywhere in the world including but not limited to Turkey either
physically or electronically.
3.2
Personal
Information may be collected and processed for below mentioned purposes;
Ø
the managing the
account and relationship with Fomo and improving the experience during the use
of the Services;
Ø
research,
surveying, and engaging with User, for example by sending communications
(including by email);
Ø
to enable
users/players to interact and communicate with each other;
Ø
marketing and
promotion of Services, to create reports, analysis or similar services for use
by Fomo;
Ø
business
intelligence, preventing cheating, crime or fraud;
Ø
to deliver
advertising and marketing and promotional information to User;
Ø
to notify User
about products and services or upcoming special offers/events that may be
interest of User;
Ø
to operate,
improve and optimize the Services; to create game accounts and allow users to
play the games; to personalize the Services, understand the users and their
preferences to enhance user experience and enjoyment using the Services;
Ø
to send related
information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, and security
alerts and support and administrative messages; to enable players to
communicate with each other in games or on the social media accounts;
Ø
to prevent
potentially prohibited or illegal activities and protect of the players; to
ensure internal quality control;
Ø
to provide
technical support and respond to player inquiries;
Ø
to provide services
via mobile devices; for third party payment requirements;
Ø
for serving
cookies, pixel tags, analytics information and interest-based or targeted
advertising;
Ø
To comply with Fomo’s
legal obligations, resolve any dispute that Fomo may come across and to protect
the rights of Fomo.
The
User accepts, acknowledges, and promises that his / her Personal Information
might be used in limited manner by the Fomo to the extent that it is limited to
the format and purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
3.3
In
case that Services includes additional links and references to third party
sites, services, and other domains. Such third-party providers can use
advertising identifiers, cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies
(including location tracking in location-based games) to collect or receive
information about User. Statements of Fomo under this Privacy Policy do not
apply to the features, technologies, or practices of such third parties. User
acknowledges that Fomo is not liable for the compliance of such third parties
to protection of the Personal Information. Fomo shall under no case held liable
for the content of such sites and services.
4.
Using and Sharing Personal Information
4.1
The
Personal Information shared by the User shall in no case be used for the
interest of other third Parties either directly or indirectly and shall be
disclosed except as provided below. Please note that Fomo may share Users
Personal Information to provide the Services with Third-party Service
Providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend its rights
and property or with User’s consent.
·
Service
Providers
We may share the information we receive from the User with
Service Providers. The types of Service Providers (processors) to whom we
entrust Personal Information include Service Providers for: (i) provision of IT
and related services; (ii) provision of information and services User have
requested; (iii) payment processing; (iv) customer service activities; and (v)
in connection with the provision of the Services. Fomo may also share
information with platform partners for SDK Advertising and S2K Tag Advertising
with AdColony, Inc., Admob, Inc. , AppLovin Limited, Chartboost, Inc.,
Pubnative GmbH, Inmobi Pte. Ltd., ironSource Mobile Ltd.  Mopub Inc. Tapjoy,
Inc. Unity Ads Vungle, Inc., Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.),
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.), Google Analytics (Google Inc.),
Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Adjust GmbH. In order to provide safety to User’s
Personal Information, Fomo takes reasonable precautions information (as
required by applicable data protection laws) while sharing such information
with such Service Providers.
·
Displaying
to Friends and Other Users
Fomo Services encourages it players to interact with each
other if User plays the games or access the Services. If through a social
network or register through a social network (i.e Facebook), User’s social
network friends who also plays Fomo games or access Services will see User’s
name, photo, player profile.
In addition, in Services offered by Fomo, other
players, regardless of whether they are User’s social network friends, will be
able to see User’s player profile; view descriptions of User’s in-game
activity; communicate with User within the Services; and send User’s game
requests or friend requests through Fomo games, Services or the related social
network.
·
Marketing
- Interest-based or Targeted Advertising and Third-party Marketing.
In some occasions Fomo may use advertising
tools and mechanisms in order to offer several features and Services gratis.
These advertisements may include, without limitation, banner ads on game boards
or Services themselves, as full-screen ads between moves or games, or through
an “offer wall” in which third-party advertisers offer other in-game items to
players in exchange for watching an advertisement or for completing a task,
such as signing up for an account with one of the advertisers, completing a
survey, or finishing a particular game level. Mostly such offerings are hosted
by third party wall providers and not held by Fomo itself.  Offer walls are
hosted by third-party offer wall providers, and the offers are made by
third-party providers. Fomo does not actively shares Personal information with
such third-party offer wall providers.
In order to carry
out such advertising tools Fomo may share or such third-party provider may
directly collect below Personal Information within Services:
Ø
performance data
(like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
Ø
certain technical
information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such
as Advertising ID and de-identified persistent device identifiers such as a
hashed Android ID);
Ø
User’s social
network ID;
Ø
other contextual
data about User’s game play (for example, level and session length); and
Ø
pseudonymous data,
not directly identifying information (e.g., OS name and versions, device
models, time stamp).
Ø
In addition to
serving Users with relevant ads, the information collected may be used to:
Ø
calculate the
effectiveness of the ads
Ø
offer User
targeted advertising (both on and off the Services) in order to personalize User
experience by showing advertisements for products and services that are more
likely to appeal by User (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral
advertising); and/or
Ø
undertake web
analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve User’s
experience.
·
Disclosures
to Protect Fomo or Others (i.e as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).
Personal Information may be used accessed, preserve,
and disclosed if Fomo believe doing so is required or appropriate:
Ø
To satisfy and
comply with applicable laws or regulations
Ø
To fulfil to
lawful requests by public authorities, including for national security, law
enforcement, or legal process purposes (for example, a court order, search
warrant, or subpoena);
Ø
To prevent illegal
activities such as committing a crime, including to report such criminal
activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the
purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security
precautions which are carried out via using Services.
Ø
Occurrence of emergency
that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of the User, another person, or
the public generally.
·
Merger,
Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If Fomo engages in a merger, acquisition, financing,
due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets
or transition of service to another provider, then User’s Personal Information
may be disclosed or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by
law and/or contract to the successor organization or competent body. In such
case, Fomo will show its best efforts, to procure that the manners of such
successors are compliant with this Privacy Policy.
5.
Transfer Abroad
Services provided by Fomo is global
by nature and Personal Information can therefore be transferred to anywhere in
the world. Since different countries may have different data protection laws
than User’s residential country, Fomo takes steps to ensure adequate safeguards
are in place to protect Personal Information as explained in this Privacy
Policy. Since each country has its own jurisdiction, the privacy laws
applicable to the places where Personal Information is transferred to or
stored, used, or processed in, may be different from the privacy laws
applicable to the place where User is resident. Fomo undertakes to comply with
its legal obligations under the applicable law where such Personal Information
is transferred and where User is located and ensure that Personal Information
is subject to suitable safeguards or transferred to secure territories.
As part of the Services and games
Fomo may transfer several Personal Information abroad to its business partners
and service providers from time to time for the legitimate business purposes.
Fomo store Personal
Information about Users and visitors to the sites on servers located in the Amazon
Servers, and Fomo may also store this Personal Information on servers and
equipment in other countries and may change such location from time to time.
Personal information collected in the European Countries may be transferred to,
and stored at, a destination outside of the European Countries. The data we
hold may also be processed by employees operating outside of the European
Countries who work for us, or one of its business partners or service
providers. This staff may be engaged in, among other things, (i) the processing
of transactions and User’s payment details, or (ii) the provision of support
services. If Fomo transfers User’s Personal Information internationally, Fomo
will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is treated
securely, lawfully, and in accordance with this Policy.
6.
User Rights and Shine the Light
6.1
User
have certain rights in connection with Personal Information and how Fomo handle
it. User can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us. In that vein, regardless
of where User is located (applicable for European Union and Switzerland as well)
User is entitled and have right to:
·
access
and require information regarding the types of personal information of Users is
processed and to ask detailed information,
·
learn
the purpose of Personal Information processing and whether such Personal
Information are used for such purpose,
·
know
the parties to which such Personal Information is transferred within the
country or abroad,
·
ask
the correction of Personal Information in order to be true actual and updated,
·
demand
the deletion of User’s Personal Information,
·
object
to the processing of Personal Information about himself/herself, which is
processed on the grounds of legitimate interests,
·
opt-out
of marketing communications,
·
demand
from Fomo to inform other third parties regarding the correction, deletion
destruction of such Personal Information,
·
object
the results against to User which occurred through analysis of such Personal
Information via exclusively automatic systems,
·
to
withdraw its consent at any time, in case of processing Personal Information
with User’s request,
·
demand
compensation in case of any damages due to the processing of Personal
Information in violation of applicable law,
·
request
a restriction of the processing of User Personal Information, such as when User
is disputing the accuracy of User data held by Fomo.
6.2
To
exercise User rights to access or deletion, please submit a request through
contact details stated below. Fomo shall finalize the requests of the User in
reasonable time in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and
manner and yet no later than 30 (thirty) days. If the use of right by the User
requires additional cost, then Fomo may be entitled to demand such costs from
User.
6.3
For
the use of rights conferred to User, User may also be required to take
additional steps, such as deletion of Services or, suspension of User’ Accounts
or the connection with several application or social network. For the use of
the rights by User, Fomo may demand from the User the verification of its
identity.
6.4
Accessing and Deleting Personal Information Held by
Fomo
User can request a copy of or deletion of its game account data by
contacting us. To review and update personal information associated with User
profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game.
For deletion requests, Foo will take reasonable measures to delete
Personal Information from Fomo’s records. Fomo will keep certain records (e.g.,
personal information relating to payments or customer service matters) for
legitimate purposes.
6.5
Managing Personal Information Fomo Receives from
Third-Party Applications / Platforms And From User’s Mobile Device
To manage the information Fomo receives from third-party applications
or platforms and from User’s mobile device, User can use the tools and settings
provided by the third-party application and its own mobile device.
In order to manage the information that Fomo collects from third party
applications, User has to follow the instructions of such third parties to
update and changes the privacy settings
User can manage many aspects of the collection and use from its mobile
device by visiting the “settings” page of its mobile device or web browser. Such
procedures may vary depending on the device and the browser.
If Fomo receives Personal Information from a third-party application /
platform or User’s mobile device, that information is stored and used by Fomo
in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
7.
Opt Out
7.1
Opting out Fomo Notifications
·
User
may opt out in any time in accordance with his/her sole discretion, clicking on
the opt out link provided in all marketing mailings, by turning off
notifications from mobile device or SNS settings or by sending an e-mail to
hello@fomo.gs without incurring any costs.
·
If
User wants to stop receiving promotional e-mails from Fomo, User may click on
the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional email from Fomo or may
visit
Email Settings page
.
·
Please
note that if User opt ins or out of receiving marketing communications from Fomo,
Fomo may still communicate with User from time to time that Fomo needs provide User
with information about the Service that User using, if Fomo needs to request
information from User with respect to a transaction initiated by User, or for
other legitimate non-marketing reasons.
·
If
User wants to stop receiving push notifications, which are messages an app
sends User via mobile device even when the app is not on, User can turn of push
notifications by visiting his/her mobile device’s “Settings”. Many of the Services
also offers the ability to turn off push notifications in the “Settings”
section of related Services
7.2
Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising
For the
notification by personalized advertising from third-party partners, User can
opt in or opt out of third-party customized advertising through the device
Settings and other third-party opt-in or opt-out tools. If User does not want
to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that
relate to his/her interests on his/her mobile device, User may adjust the ad
tracking settings on his/her device (such as turning on Limit Ad Tracking). User
can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from User’s
mobile device’s settings
which
will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to
User’s
previous “Advertising
Identifier
”.
Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), User may
be able to download apps that offer to provide User with control regarding the
collection and use of cross-app data for tailored advertising. All the opt-in
or opt-out tools described in this provision are provided by third parties, not
by Fomo. Fomo does not control or operate these tools or the choices that
advertisers and others provide through these tools.
8.
Protection and Retention of Personal Information
8.1
In
order to help ensure a secure and safe experience, Fomo is continuously
developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security
measures to protect the Personal Information from unauthorized access or
against loss, misuse or alteration. The Personal Information that User provide
to Fomo is stored on servers that are located in secured facilities and
protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure industry-standard
security of such information, such as firewalls and data encryption.
8.2
If
User has an account registered directly with Fomo, the credentials of such
account is protected by the password created by the User itself. The protection
of the password is on the shoulders of the User and user itself is liable for
the unauthorized use of such password.  User must not share such password and
credentials and must keep its social network account information, including its
social network account password, secure as well.
8.3
Fomo
retains Personal Information if the account is active or as needed to provide
User the Service. Fomo will take reasonable measures to delete Personal
Information if User deletes its account. However, User acknowledges that Fomo
may retain some information even after if User closes, have deleted, its
account as necessary for legitimate business interests, such as to comply with
legal obligations, resolve disputes.
8.4
The
Personal Information is protected by protocols and procedures designed to
ensure industry-standard security of such information, such as firewalls and
data encryption. Yet Fomo cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information that User transmit to Fomo or through the Services.
9.
Policies with respect to Children
Most of Fomo Services
and games are not intended for children under the age of 13 and Fomo does not
knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest
based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons
to use Fomo Services. Children are not permitted to use these Services, and Fomo
does not collect any personal information from Children on purpose.
If the User is under 13
(or under 16 at some European Union Countries and territories) Fomo kindly ask
from User not to send any data about oneself, including name, address,
telephone number, or email address. If Fomo learns that personal data about a
child under age 13 have been collected, such data will be deleted as quickly as
possible.
10.
Revisions and Updates
This
Privacy Policy may be revised, amended, or promulgated upon the sole discretion
of the Fomo. The latest version shall apply in each case. In order to be
effective, Fomo does not need to notify User and such amendments shall become
effective as of the publication date. Continuing the use of the Services shall be
deemed as an acceptance to such revised terms.
11.
Contact
If
User have any questions and demands about the privacy practices or this Privacy
Policy, User should contact Fomo’s data protection officer by email at hello@fomo.gs.
Fomo will be at User’s disposal in a timely and urgent manner.