Effective: Jul. 29th 2024
Summary of Privacy Statement
This policy covers how the Bagenalstown AFC App treats Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) that is collected, stored and processed through the service. The Bagenalstown AFC App is used to send updates via push notification and email to subscribers for their preferred teams and topics. The app also allows subscribers to reserve second hand sports clothing and items as part of a cisrcular economy initiative. At all times the subscriber is in control of what information they receive. This privacy statement sets out how Bagenalstown AFC (Data Controller) and Pin Point Alerts Ltd (Data Processor) processes subscriber personal data, secures this personal data, and the various company policies that adheres to General Data Protection Regulation.
The following Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is gathered from registered users (“subscribers”):
1.
Email Address (required)
The Bagenalstown AFC App uses your email address to send you email service updates. The email address is a unique entity in the The Bagenalstown AFC App database and it is also used to reset your account password, if you forget it. In extremely rare cases your email address is used to send out service updates, survey/feedback requests, policy changes and changes to the Bagenalstown AFC App terms and conditions if further consent is ever required.
2.
Password (required)
You need to authenticate with the Bagenalstown AFC App to access your account. Passwords are created at registration and they are salted/hashed on the Bagenalstown AFC App server – passwords are never stored in plain text.
3.
Name (required)
The subscriber's name is used to manage the user's identity for subscriber queries and is also used for entry into various gamnes offered through the app, such as fantasy football league tables.
4.
IP Address (required)
An Internet protocol (“IP”) address is the unique number assigned to your Internet communicator device or Internet Service Provider (“ISP”). The Bagenalstown AFC App may track such IP addresses for system administration, site tracking, to prevent our servers from being abused and for other uses described in this Privacy Policy.
5.
Irish Mobile Number (optional)
Subscribers that reserve second hand sportwear and gear must provide their mobile number in order to arrange collection. If a subscriber does not use the circular economy club shop then their mobile number is never requested throughout the app user experience.
Data Protection Roles:
1.
Data Controller
Bagenalstown AFC, McGrath Park, Bagenalstown, Co. Carlow, Ireland.
2.
Data Processor
Pin Point Alerts Ltd., Burrell Hall, St. Kieran's College, College Road, Co. Kilkenny, R95TP64, Ireland.
Summary of how we use the information we gather:
We use the information to allow you to manage your unique account. We require your contact details to correctly send you notifications, and we require a unique username (email address) for you to create an account. Your password is used to access your Bagenalstown AFC App account. In the case of poor behaviour on our site (e.g., attempted insults of your local authority) we may use your IP Address to identify any potential threats or insulting behaviour.
The people that are given access to your personal information:
Bagenalstown AFC is the sole owner of the Bagenalstown AFC App subscriber database. We will solely use your PII details for the purposes of identifying if you should receive an email/app notification and, subsequently, we will use your contact details to correctly deliver the notification and/or alerts, as well as managing other account actions.
If you opt to enter public games on the app such as Last Man Standing or Fantasy Football then your name will appear in league and results tables. If you do not opt into any games, then your name will never be publicised on the app at any time.
The security measures we have in place to protect your personal information:
We have put in place reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard information we collect through he Bagenalstown AFC App. However, you should know that no company, including the Bagenalstown AFC App or the service provider (Pin Point Alerts Ltd), can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personally Identifiable Information (PII). To help protect yourself, please use a strong password, do not use the same passwords to access your Bagenalstown AFC app account that you use with other accounts or services, and protect your user names and passwords to help prevent others from accessing your accounts and services.
A subscriber can choose to delete their account at any time and they will be instantly removed from the live Bagenalstown AFC subscriber database. However, PII we collect will be contained in secure encrypted backups for a maximum of 14 days after a subscriber has unsubscribed from the system. The 14-day period is part of the service provider's corporate backup strategy and is within a reasonable time to remove the subscriber. However, if a subscriber unsubscribes from Bagenalstown AFC then they shouldn’t receive any further alerts from the service within 3-4 hours (the live subscriber database is cached throughout the day at a maximum of 4-hour intervals for performance reasons).
What Choices Do We Give You and How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information?
i.
Unsubscribe "Close Account" feature on the Bagenalstown AFC app without logging into the service
The Bagenalstown AFC App offers a dedicated feature to Unsubscribe from the service. This is available to all subscribers after they login to the app (Account & Settings menu option).
ii.
Disable app alerts/notifications
After a subscriber logs in, they can switch off push notifications.
Our use of cookies:
The Bagenalstown AFC app website makes use of first party cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website. We use cookies to ensure an improved user experience. The purpose of cookies on the Bagenalstown AFC app is also used to speed up the load time for web pages on subsequent visits to the website. Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, which is fine and the service will continue to operate, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalise your experience of the Bagenalstown AFC app.
Where does the Personally Identifiable Information (PII) database and backups reside?
All aspects of Bagenalstown AFC app including databases and web services powering the app are hosted within the European Union. At no stage is PII transferred to a 3rd country outside of the European Union. Backups are stored securely in Ireland for a maximum period of 14 days before self-deleting. We are happy to share further information on our storage and security practices with our clients and subscribers at any time.
Questions and Complaints
If you believe the Bagenalstown AFC app maintains your personal data (PII) incorrectly then you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Data Protection and GDPR compliance to our service provider at
privacy.bagenalstownafc@pinpointalerts.com
. The service provider will respond within a maximum of 3 working days. If you want us to forcibly remove you from the Bagenalstown AFC app system (i.e. you are not able to use the  Unsubscribe service listed above) then it will take up to 7 working days. If we fail to respond within that time, or if our response does not address your concern, then please contact Pin Point Alerts Ltd directly at 01 2544363. It may be a case that your email did not arrive, and we want to ensure we deal with your inquiry as soon as possible.
How We May Update Our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may collect and use Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in ways not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. For example, if new alert channels or services come on board that require the Bagenalstown AFC app to store further PII then we will advise you about this. Therefore, if our information practices change we will post any adjustments to our policy on this website and change the “Last Updated” date above. Unless additional notice or further consent is explicitly required by applicable laws, this will serve as your notification of these changes. You will not be “auto-consented” into any new parts of the Bagenalstown AFC app that require additional PII. If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page on your web browser and check back periodically.