About Clue
The journey of a single data point
It's our job to keep everything you track in Clue safe.
by
Ida Tin
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ouraring.com/privacy-policy:
Skip Navigation to Main Content
ŌURA Health Privacy Policy
February 28, 2025
Oura's commitment to privacy
At ŌURA, protecting your personal data is a task we take seriously. Our products are designed to help you to track important aspects of your health like your daily habits, reproductive health, and the quality of your sleep – we understand that data does not get much more personal than this. That's why we firmly believe that you should be in charge when it comes to your personal data.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is designed to provide you with the information you need to take control of your personal data, which is a fundamental aspect of empowering your health journey. Please take a moment to carefully review this Policy.
About this privacy policy
This Policy applies to processing of personal data by Oura Health Oy and Ouraring Inc.  and its subsidiaries(collectively, "Oura") when you visit our web properties (“Sites”); use the Oura Ring with the Oura App, Oura on the Web, or use other Oura services (“Services”).
Why does Oura process your personal data?
The sections below explain the categories of personal data we collect and process, as well as the reasons we do so. You will also find information on our legal basis for processing your data, and our data sources.
Device & application users
Processing Purposes
When you use Oura Services, we collect and processes your personal data for the following purposes:
To Provide Oura Services
We process personal data when you use our Services, such as to provide you with personalized insights about your readiness, sleep, activity, and other inferences about your health status.
To Provide Customer Service
We process personal data to provide customer service and manage our customer communication. For example, if you contact our virtual assistant with questions regarding your account, we may use the provided information to answer your questions, and for solving any issues you may have.
To Protect Your Privacy
We may process personal data regarding your use of the Services to protect your privacy. This may involve the use of privacy enhancing technologies and other privacy-protective techniques. When information is aggregated or anonymized, it is no longer personal data.
To Improve Our Services
We process personal data regarding your use of our Services to understand how you use our Services and how we can improve them.  For example, we may process personal data to improve your user experience in the Oura App or to develop cutting-edge features to provide you with new insights about your health. When feasible, we do this using data that has been processed in a manner to protect your privacy, such as by pseudonymization.
To Perform Analysis
We may process personal data about human performance and wellbeing to benefit our users and improve the cutting-edge insights we provide with our Services. Some features of our Services may use third-party automated technology to provide a more personalized experience, and to give you comprehensive insights about your data. For example, our Services include intelligent features that may use the responses you provide to better personalize the Services. When feasible, we do this using data that has been processed in a manner to protect your privacy.
To Market Services
We process marketing-related personal data to provide online advertising and other marketing communications on behalf of Oura and our partners. For example, as explained more fully in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies on our website to create audiences for online advertisement. You can opt out of direct marketing communications from Oura.
To Enable Third-party Integrations and Services
We process personal data you provide to Oura to enable third party integrations, services, features, and offerings. For example, with your permission, our Services may integrate with third-party services like Google Health Connect and Apple HealthKit, or those of our partners. Oura takes measures to help ensure third-party services protect your personal data, which means that Oura only processes your data with respect to third-party integrations when you choose to integrate them with our Services, or when you provide the necessary consents. We process the data we receive from these third-parties according to applicable terms, such as the Google Health Connect Permissions policy and Google Limited Use requirements, as well as relevant third-party developer license agreements, as we become aware of those policies and agreements.
To Comply with Legal Obligations
In certain cases, we must process certain data when it is required by applicable laws and regulations. Such statutory obligations are related, for example, to accounting and tax requirements, legal claims, or other legal purposes. Oura will oppose any request to provide legal authorities with access to user data for surveillance or prosecution purposes. We will notify users if we receive any such request whenever legally permissible.
Legal basis for processing
Data protection law in Europe and the U.K. requires a "lawful basis" for collecting and retaining personal information from residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases for processing your data depend on the particular processing purposes, including:
Contract
When processing personal data for the purpose of providing our Services, we process personal data on the basis of a user contract, which is formed when you create your account and accept our
Terms of Use
.
Consent
We process your sensitive personal data only with your consent. In some cases, you can provide your consent to us for processing your data through your actions, such as by adding sensitive personal data into your notes, or by adding health related tags in the Oura App.
Legitimate Interest
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interests when we process it for the purposes of marketing our Services and Sites, providing our customer service, and improving our Services. When choosing to use your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, we carefully weigh our own interests against your right to privacy, in compliance with applicable law.
Legal Obligation
Oura must process certain information to comply with statutory obligations which may vary in each country. For example, such obligations can relate to consumer protection or tax laws.
Processed data and data source
In most cases, Oura collects personal data directly from you, such as when you register for an account, tag your data in the Oura mobile or web app, or use your Oura Ring. We may also process personal data that is produced from the information you provide to us. Oura may also rely on trusted third-party processors to process data on our behalf, such as our cloud service providers.
Oura processes the following personal data categories when you use our Services:
Contact information
such as email address or physical address.
User information
such as gender, height and weight, User ID, and other information you may provide to us about yourself or your account.
Device information
such as IP address and location data.
User-provided activity and contextual information
such as the activities, notes, comments, user feedback, and tags you provide within the app.
Measured data
such as heart rate, movement data, temperature data, and respiration data.
Calculated user, sleep, health, and activity data
such as sleep phases (deep, light, REM, awake), activity levels throughout the day, readiness level, and body mass index (calculated based on height and weight).
Please note that some of the personal data we process, including any data concerning your health, is considered special or sensitive personal data. Under applicable law, such data is processed only if you have given your consent for processing. If you access or use any of Oura's location-based services, such as by enabling GPS-based activity tracking through our Services, Oura may process the approximate or precise location of your device while the service is active. This data may be obtained via your device's service provider network ID, GPS, and/or Wi-Fi data. Oura does not process such location data without first obtaining your consent. You may disable such location processing at any time using your device's location permission settings. If you choose to disable access to location data, please note that certain Services, features, or functionalities may no longer be accessible.
Please also note that if you give your opt-in consent through our Services, you may share limited personal information like your current and past sleep and readiness scores with other Oura users. The information you choose to share may be shared with other Oura users in the circle(s) you join, and with any additional Oura users who are added to those circles. You can make changes to what data you share with other Oura users, including opting out of sharing any data. Depending on your use of our Services, you may also choose to communicate with and react to other users' information and scores. Please remember to always maintain a respectful and supportive environment when communicating with other users. Please see Oura's
Terms of Use
for more information.
Oura Teams
Oura Teams is a service that allows you to share your Oura Ring data with your doctor, coach, trainer, or other researchers (“Data Recipient”) which invite you to share your data. If you choose to participate in Oura Teams, once you consent to sharing your personal data with the Data Recipient, the data that you sync to your Oura App is available for the Data Recipient in Oura Teams. The Oura Teams service shows Teams administrators their team's statistics at a glance and allows them to get a detailed look into your data, such as heart rate, heart rate variability, activity level, and other data that you sync to your Oura App.
Once your data is shared to the Oura Teams service, the Data Recipient becomes the controller of your personal data. The Data Recipient is responsible for its processing your personal data according to applicable laws. Your personal data is used by the Data Recipient in accordance with its own privacy policy, so please carefully review the Data Recipient's privacy policy carefully before opting-in to Oura Teams. Oura is not responsible for the security of personal data that the Data Recipient has extracted from the Oura Teams service.
Once you give consent to share your Oura data with the Data Recipient, the administrators of the Oura Teams service may get access to the following personal data:
Account data as inserted by you:
E-mail address
Gender
Birth date and year
Height and weight
Activities
Notes and tags
Automatically collected and generated data:
Heart rate
Movement data
Temperature data
Duration of sleep
Sleep phases (deep, light, REM, awake)
Activity data throughout the day
Automatically generated tags
Usage-related and technical data:
User ID (randomly generated)
IP address and high-level location
Metadata regarding service use
If you have questions or requests concerning your personal data after it has been transferred to the Oura Teams service, such as how the Data Recipient uses your data, where it is transferred to, who can access it, retention policies, or your rights in relation to that data, please contact the Data Recipient that invited you to participate in Oura Teams. Please see the privacy policy of the Data Recipient for contact details.
Your personal data is disclosed to the Data Recipient only if you give consent to it. You can withdraw your consent at any time from your Oura on the web account settings. You can withdraw your consent via Oura on the Web (
here
) or from the settings menu on the Oura App. If you withdraw your consent, the Data Recipient can no longer access your data. Please note that withdrawing your consent from the service or changing any other consent settings do not affect the processing of data that the Data Recipient may have extracted from the Oura Teams service.
Oura uses aggregated Oura Teams data for analytics, statistics, research and development purposes. Oura is the controller of such aggregated data, which may no longer qualify as personal data due to the aggregation. For other data Oura processes which are not at the direction of the Data Recipient, the rest of the terms in this Privacy Policy apply.
ONLINE CUSTOMERS & SITE VISITORS
Processing purposes
If you visit Oura's Sites or complete orders on Oura's online store, we process personal data for the following purposes:
To Provide Oura Services
We process personal data to power our offerings, which may include when you visit our Sites. For example, this may include processing your data to enable Site performance.
To Complete and Deliver Your Orders
We process personal data to process, handle, and deliver your purchases, and to facilitate your shopping.
To Provide Customer Service
We process personal data to provide customer service and manage customer communication. For example, if you contact our virtual assistant with questions regarding our Sites or Services, we may use the provided information to answer your questions, and for solving any issues you may have.
To Protect Your Privacy
We may process personal data regarding your use of our Services to protect your privacy. This may involve the use of privacy enhancing technologies and other privacy-protective techniques. When information is aggregated or anonymized, it is no longer personal data.
To Improve Our Sites
We process personal data to analyze and improve our Sites. For example, we may process personal data to analyze Site performance, improve user experience, and optimize the Site's content and layout.  When feasible, we will do this using data that has been processed to protect your privacy.
To Advertise and Market Services
We process marketing data to provide online advertising and marketing communications on behalf of Oura and our partners. As explained more fully in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies on our Site to create targeted audiences for online advertisement. You can always opt out of Oura direct marketing communications, though you may still see marketing messaging within the Oura App. In the event you receive Oura-branded advertising sent to you by one of our third-party partners, please review the third-party's privacy policy for more information, and contact them with regard to any opt-out requests.
To Comply with Legal Obligations
In certain cases, we must process certain personal data when it is required by applicable legislation. Such statutory obligations are related, for example, to accounting and tax requirements, legal claims, or other legal purposes.
Legal basis for processing
Data protection law in Europe requires a "lawful basis" for collecting and retaining personal information from residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases for processing your data depend on the particular processing purposes, including:
Contract
When processing personal data to handle and deliver your purchases, we rely on the legal basis of a user contract, which is created when you place your order.
Consent
We process your personal data for electronic direct marketing purposes if you have provided your consent for it.
Legitimate Interest
When we process your personal data for customer service purposes, marketing, and developing our Services, we do it on the basis of our legitimate interest to run, maintain, and develop our business and to create and maintain customer relationships. When choosing to use your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, we carefully weigh our own interests against your right to privacy under applicable laws.
Legal Obligation
Oura must process certain information to comply with statutory obligations which may vary in each country. For example, such obligations can relate to consumer protection or accounting legislation.
Processed data and data source
In most cases, Oura collects personal data directly from you if you choose to complete orders in our online store or contact us with a question or complaint. When you visit our Sites, we collect analytical data about you via your device and browser using cookies and various other technologies for service development and advertising purposes. Oura may also rely on trusted third-party processors to collect data on our behalf, such as our payment processor partners.
We process the following personal data categories when you visit our Site:
Contact information
such as name, email address and address
Delivery information
such as your purchases and chosen payment method
Device information
such as IP address, time of visit, and location data
User activity
such as browsing patterns on the Site and any communications you have with us.
U.S. STATES WITH ENHANCED PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS
NOTICE FOR ALL U.S. CONSUMERS
This notice supplements the information contained in Oura's Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in states within the U.S. with enhanced privacy notice requirements, such as California ("customers" or "you"), and who access Oura's Sites or Services.
Please be aware that in some instances where Oura is acting as a Business Associate under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the U.S. state privacy rights outlined in this section may not apply. In those instances and subject to our HIPAA policies, Oura may choose to offer self-serve tools that enable you to access and delete your personal data from the Oura App.
Collection, use, and sharing of information
When a customer interacts with Oura's Sites or Services, Oura collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, device, or household ("personal information" or “personal data”).
Information about the categories of personal information we collect, the purposes for which your personal information is processed, and any sharing of your personal information can be found from relevant sections of this Policy:
Device and Application User: categories of collected personal information and processing purposes
Online Store and Website Visitor: categories of collected personal information and processing purposes
Sharing of personal data
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Oura has not sold personal information to third parties, including data aggregators, as it is against our policies. We have collected and disclosed only the categories of personal information processed by Oura under this Policy as described in the Data Sharing and Disclosures section.
CONSUMER RIGHTS
If you are a resident of a state with enhanced rights related to the personal information Oura may process about you, you have certain rights:
Right to know about the personal information we collect and share
U.S. State laws may give you the right to request that we disclose the personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months, which we only provide after we receive and validate your request. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have disclosed about you (if any);
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Right of correction
You have the right to request correction of your personal information. After we receive and validate your request, we will correct your personal information, unless an exception applies. Please note that you can correct and update some of your basic information via the Oura App and via Oura on the Web.
Right of deletion
You have the right to request erasure of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions, such as when we have a legal obligation to retain the data in question. After we receive and validate your request, we will delete your personal information, as well as direct our service providers to delete your personal information unless an exception applies.
How to make disclosure, access, correction, or deletion requests
If you reside in a state that provides for enhanced privacy rights, you can request disclosure, access to, correction, and/or deletion of your personal data as described above by submitting a verifiable consumer request to us by:
Sending an e-mail to
dataprotection@ouraring.com
or creating a ticket via the Oura Help page on the Oura App, including the following information along with your request: your full name, company name (if applicable), address, e-mail address, and a phone number. We may request that you provide additional information if necessary to confirm your identity. This is for security purposes, and is required by law in some cases.
Only you, or a person registered with the appropriate mechanism associated with your state of residency that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You have the right to make a free request up to two times in any 12-month period. We will respond to all validated requests within 45 days of receiving your request, unless we request an extension. In the event that we reasonably require an extension in order to respond to your request, we will notify you of any such extension within the initial 45-day period.
Right to Appeal
If we decide not to take action in response to your request, you may submit an
appeal by sending an email to
dataprotection@ouraring.com
and mark your request as an “Appeal.” We will resolve your appeal within the time frames established by
applicable law. If your appeal is denied, we will explain why. If you continue to
dispute our decision or would like to file a complaint regarding our handling of your
personal information, you may contact the regulator in your jurisdiction that
handles privacy complaints, such as your state Attorney General.
Non-Discrimination
Oura does not discriminate against users who request to exercise their privacy rights. Unless an exception applies, this includes our promise not to:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Data sharing and transfers
Personal data sharing
Oura does not sell or rent your personal information, and only shares your personal data with certain trusted service providers and partners so that we can provide and improve our services, to provide partner services and other offerings, and to operate our business. Whenever we share data with third-party service providers, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we've authorized, and for the limited reasons explained in this Policy. We also require these service providers to protect your personal information to at least the same standards that we do.
Like most companies, Oura uses service providers for purposes such as:
Providing and improving our online service platform;
Storing our users' data;
Providing customer services;
Managing and organizing our marketing activities. Oura only shares website usage data with our advertising network partners for the purposes of analyzing and optimizing our marketing. Oura does not share Service data with third-party advertisers; and
Analyzing information regarding the use of our Sites and Services to improve our service quality.
We use industry standard data protection measures to safeguard all international transfers of personal data through data protection agreements with our service providers. In certain limited cases, you may be asked for consent to share your Oura user personal data with a third-party partner of your choice, such as a medical provider or health care insurer that you select. If you choose to do this, you should carefully review the third-party consent language and privacy notices that are available to you from the third-party, which will control the use of your personal data.
LEGAL FRAMEWORKS FOR INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Oura is a global company with servers around the world, and your personal data may at times be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Although data protection laws vary among countries, regardless of where your personal data is processed, we apply the same protections described in this Policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of personal data, such as the frameworks described below.
Oura participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Gibraltar, and Switzerland. Oura has further certified that we adhere to the principles of the Data Privacy Frameworks.
Click
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
to learn more about the Data Privacy
Frameworks. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the
Data Privacy Frameworks principles, the principles shall govern.
If Oura transfers personal information received under the Data Privacy Frameworks to a third-party, the third-party’s processing of the personal data must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Frameworks obligations, and we will remain liable under the Data Privacy Frameworks for any failure to do so by the third-party, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Oura is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Oura may be required to disclose the personal information we process under the Data Privacy Frameworks in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Personal data disclosures
We also reserve the right to disclose personal data under certain specific circumstances, including:
When we have your express consent to do so;
When it is reasonably necessary for our legitimate interests in conducting our business, such as in the event a merger, acquisition, or sale;
To protect Oura's legal rights and property; and
To comply with valid legal requirements. Oura will oppose any request to provide legal authorities with access to user data for surveillance or prosecution purposes; we will notify users if we receive any such request, whenever legally permissible.
Otherwise, your personal data is never shared with any individual or other organization.
Safeguarding your data
Oura uses technical and organizational safeguards to keep your data safe and secure. When appropriate, these safeguards include measures such as anonymization or pseudonymization of personal data, strict access control, and the use of encryption to protect the data we process.
Our personnel receive adequate training to ensure personal data is processed only in accordance with our internal policies, consistent with our obligations under applicable law. We also limit access to your sensitive personal data to personnel that have specifically been granted such access.
Online services that we provide via our Site protect your personal data in-transit using encryption and other security measures. We also regularly test our service, systems, and other assets for possible security vulnerabilities.
We update our Services regularly to protect your personal data. We recommend that you make sure that you always have the latest app and firmware versions installed in order to maximize protection of your data.
Data Retention
The retention period for your personal data generally depends on the duration of your Oura account lifecycle. Your personal data will be deleted when it is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was originally collected, unless we have a legal obligation to retain data for a longer period of time. For example, your measurement data regarding your sleep, readiness, and activity is stored only so long as your Oura account is active.
Oura also has legal obligations to retain certain personal data for a specific period of time, such as for tax purposes. These required retention periods may include, for example, accounting and tax requirements, legal claims, or for any other legal purposes. Please note that obligatory retention periods for personal data vary based on the relevant law.
If you wish, you may request deletion of your Oura account by contacting
dataprotection@ouraring.com
or you can remove your account data from the Services within the Oura App or Oura On the Web by following the instructions available on the
Oura Help Center
.
Use of cookies
We use cookies and various other technologies to collect and store analytics and other information when customers use our Site, as well as for personalization and advertising purposes. The cookies we use include both first-party and third-party cookies.
Cookies are small text files sent and saved on your device that allows us to identify visitors of our Site, facilitate the use of our Site, and to create aggregate information of our visitors. This helps us to improve our service and better serve our customers, and will not harm your device or files. We use cookies and similar technologies to tailor our Site and the information we provide in accordance with the individual interests of our customers. Cookies are also used for tracking your browsing habits and for targeting and optimizing advertising, both on our Site as well as on other sites you may visit. We also use cookies and similar technologies for integrating our social media accounts on our Site.
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information on Oura's use of cookies, and how you can set your cookie preferences.
Your rights as a data subject
Whenever Oura processes your personal data, you have certain rights that enable you to control how your personal data is being processed. This section provides you with information about each of those rights. If you wish to exercise your rights as a data subject, please contact
dataprotection@ouraring.com
or create a ticket via the Oura Help page on
the Oura App with your request to do so.
Right to access data
You have the right to know what personal data is processed about you. You may contact us to request access to the personal data we have collected about you, and we will confirm whether we are processing your data, and provide you with information about the personal data we have collected and processed.
Please note that by using the Oura App, you can easily access the sleep, readiness, and activity data that we process about you. You can also access your data via Oura on the Web at
https://cloud.ouraring.com
.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data in certain circumstances. We will comply with such requests unless we have a valid legal basis not to do so, or a legal obligation to preserve the data.
Right to rectification (of inaccurate data)
You have the right to request correction of any incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored about you.
Please note that you can correct and update some of your basic information directly within our Services.
Right to data portability
You have the right to request receipt of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured and commonly used format. The right to data portability only applies when we process your personal data for certain reasons, such as by contract or by your consent.
Please note that Oura on the Web provides you with the ability to export your own data.
Right to object to processing
You have the right to object to or opt out of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. In the event that we do not have legitimate grounds to continue processing such personal data, we will no longer process your personal data after we have received and verified your objection. For example, under certain regulations you may have the right to object to any sale of your personal data profiling based on your personal data, or targeted advertising as those terms are defined under applicable law. However, Oura does not sell your data, profile, or engage in targeted advertising based on your personal data, and you always have the right to opt out of direct marketing at any time.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that we restrict processing some types of personal data under certain circumstances. For example, if you contest the accuracy of your data, you can make a restriction request that we do not process your data until Oura has verified the accuracy of your data.
Right to withdraw consent
If we have requested your consent in order to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent for such processing at any time where this right is provided by local law. It should be noted, however, that withdrawing your consent may lead to issues or restrictions on your ability to fully utilize Oura Services. Please note that you can always unsubscribe from receiving our newsletter and other marketing emails by using the ‘Unsubscribe' link provided in the emails you receive from us.
Oura strives to address your privacy concerns. If you have contacted Oura about your issue and are still unhappy with our response, subject to applicable law, you may contact your local supervisory authority regarding your issue. However, we urge you to first contact us at
dataprotection@ouraring.com
so that we can more quickly resolve your issue before escalating the issue.
If you have a question or complaint about our handling of your personal information under the Data Privacy Frameworks, please contact us at
dataprotection@ouraring.com
. If you have complaints related to the Data Privacy Frameworks that Oura cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities (for EU individuals), the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (for Swiss individuals). As further explained in the Data Privacy Frameworks principles, binding arbitration is available to address complaints not resolved by other means.
Please read the section in this Policy titled “U.S. STATES WITH ENHANCED PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS” if you are a resident of a U.S. state that provides enhanced privacy requirements and you would like to know more about your rights under those laws.
Controller contact information
Ouraring Inc. is the data controller of user personal data processed for marketing purposes. The controller of personal data processed for all other processing purposes is Oura Health Oy. Please find our contact details below:
Oura Health Oy
Address: Elektroniikkatie 10, 90590 Oulu Finland
Data Protection Officer:
dataprotection@ouraring.com
Ouraring Inc.
Address: 222 Kearny Street, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94108 United States
Data Protection Officer:
dataprotection@ouraring.com
Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. We strive to let you know about any material changes by notifying you on our Site or by sending you an email or push notification. If you keep using Oura Sites or Services after a change to this Policy, your continued use means that you accept any such changes.
We value your privacy.
We use cookies on our site to enhance your experience, improve our site, and to deliver content and ads that are relevant to you. You can choose to accept all cookies by clicking
Accept
, or you can manage them individually by clicking
Manage cookies
, where you can read more.
Accept All
Manage cookies
Close
Consent to Cookies
Allow
Category
Allow Functional tracking
Yes
No
Functional
To monitor the performance of our site and to enhance your browsing experience.
Allow Analytics tracking
Yes
No
Analytics
To understand user behavior in order to provide you with a more relevant browsing experience or personalize the content on our site.
Allow Advertising tracking
Yes
No
Advertising
To personalize and measure the effectiveness of advertising on our site and other websites.
Save
Deny All
Allow All
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy:
Live masterclass
Web Revenue Labs: Take your Web2App performance to the next level
Save your seat
Policy
Privacy policy
A. This Policy
Summary
: This Policy explains how we Process Personal Data. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Policy is issued by Paddle which is made up of each of the Controller entities that are listed in Section (U) below (together, “Paddle”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact in our course of business as a Merchant of Record, including customers, visitors to our Sites, other users of our products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment, and visitors to our premises (together, “you”). Please note that not all provisions of this Policy will apply to you and your Personal Data, as this will depend on your specific relationship with Paddle.
Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (V) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
This Policy was last updated on
30 June 2023.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects of the EEA are explained in Section (M) below. Similarly, Residents of certain US states, including California and Virginia, may find information on their rights as a Consumer in Sections (R), (S) and (T)  below.
B. Collection of Personal Data
Summary
: We collect or obtain Personal Data: when that data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you appoint us as your Merchant of Record or if you make a purchase from Paddle); when you make Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, products, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site; we may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us: We obtain Personal Data when such data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or via our Sites, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application).
Data we obtain in person: We obtain Personal Data during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, in person interviews or at events we attend.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Data when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g. we provide a service to you, or to your employer).
Data you make public: We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g. we may collect information from your social media profile(s) or if you make a public post about us).
Site data: We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, products, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we may receive Personal Data from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g. credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
C. Creation of Personal Data
Summary:
We create Personal Data about you (e.g., records of your interactions with us).
We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your past interactions with us. We may also combine Personal Data from any of our Sites, products, or services, including where that data is collected from different sources.
D. Categories of Personal Data we Process
Summary
: We Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g. your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g. billing address); information about your interaction with our Sites (e.g. the type of device you are using); details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; telephone number; email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Expertise: records of your expertise; professional history; practising details and qualification details; information about your experience; participation in meetings; seminars; advisory boards and conferences; information about your professional relationship with other individuals or institutions; language abilities and other professional skills.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time; means of consent and any related information (e.g. the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address;
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; cardholder or account holder name; card payment identifiers; payment amount; and payment date.
Data relating to your use of our Sites: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; username; password; security login details; and usage data.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party, the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
E. Sensitive Personal Data
Summary
: We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business as a Merchant of Record. Where we need to Process Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
Where it becomes necessary to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (e.g., the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the Processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
F. Purposes of Processing and Legal Bases for Processing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data for the following purposes: providing our Sites, products, and services to you; compliance checks; operating our business; communicating with you; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; improving our Sites, products, and services; fraud prevention; establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims; and recruitment and job applications.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows:
Provision of Sites, products, and services:
providing our Sites, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, products, or services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, products, or services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way)
Compliance checks:
fulfilling our regulatory compliance obligations; ‘Know Your Client’ checks; and confirming and verifying your identity; use of credit reference agencies; and screening against government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists and other legal restrictions.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of fulfilling our regulatory and compliance obligations (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business:
operating and managing our Sites, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our products, or our services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing:
communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) to provide news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; personalising our Sites, products and services for you; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required; enabling and recording your choice to opt-out or unsubscribe, where applicable.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Management of IT systems:
management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety:
health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring a safe environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management
: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys:
engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security:
physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations:
detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal compliance:
compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, products, and services:
identifying issues with our Sites, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention:
Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims:
management of legal claims; establishment of facts and claims, including collection, review and production of documents, facts, evidence and witness statements; exercise and defence of legal rights and claims, including formal legal proceedings.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Recruitment and job applications:
recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
G. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Summary
: We disclose Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business or successor in title to our obligations under a contract; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites.
We disclose Personal Data to other entities within the Paddle group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, products, or services to you, in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we disclose Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (G);
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and with applicable jurisdiction;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
any alternative payment provider or reseller appointed by the Supplier or other third party acquirer(s) or successor(s) in title, including but not limited to in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in
the event of a reorganisation, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
Suppliers to the extent necessary to provide a product requested by you.
any other relevant third party outsourced service providers, where our Sites use third parties to perform certain functions otherwise performed by Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law, including the provisions at Section (H) below, with respect to international transfers.
H. International Transfer of Personal Data
Summary:
We transfer Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the UK/EEA to a recipient outside the UK/EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and in the presence of appropriate safeguards.
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Paddle group, and to third parties as noted in Section (G) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
If an exemption or derogation applies (e.g., where a transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim) we may rely on that exemption or derogation, as appropriate. Where no exemption or derogation applies, and we transfer your Personal Data from the UK/EEA to recipients located outside the UK/EEA who are not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and the presence of appropriate safeguards. Please contact the privacy team at
privacy@paddle.com
below if you wish to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Paddle entity established outside the UK/EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
I. Data Security
Summary
: We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorised or unlawful Processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Insofar as you are able, please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, from the point of collection to the point of destruction, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
J. Data Accuracy
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to-date and is erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up-to-date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which it was Processed) is erased or rectified without delay;
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
K. Data Minimisation
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process is limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
L. Data Retention
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only retained for as long as it is needed in connection with its lawful purpose.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
1. We will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data)
Plus:
2. The duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim),
And:
3. In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods noted above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymise the relevant Personal Data.
M. Your Legal Rights
Summary
: Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. In some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we will be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, products, or services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of that Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification (or correction) of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds: erasure of your Relevant Personal Data or restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority (in particular, the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred, each if applicable).
Subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the GDPR;
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes; and
opt you out of the automated processing of your Personal Data in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, you may submit your request via
https://preferences.paddle.com/privacy
or email
privacy@paddle.com
Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights;
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take; and
certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. You can contact us as set forth above to appeal such decision.
N. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Summary
: We Process Personal Data by using Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
When you visit a Site we will typically place Cookies onto your device, or read Cookies already on your device, subject always  to obtaining your consent, where required, in accordance with applicable law. We use Cookies to record information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We Process Personal Data through Cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
O. Terms of Use
Summary
: All Suppliers are subject to Terms of Use that govern all use of our Site.
All use of our Merchant of Record services is subject to each Supplier’s Terms of Use. We recommend that you review your applicable Terms of Use to ensure that you are aware of your obligations and where applicable, regularly in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
P. Terms of Sale
Summary
: Our Buyer Terms and Conditions govern the sale of all Products by Paddle.
All sales of Products are subject to our
Buyer Terms and Conditions
. We recommend that you review these regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
Q. Direct Marketing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data to contact you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We Process Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. We also Process Personal Data for the purposes of displaying content tailored to your use of our Sites, products, or services. If we provide Sites, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our Sites, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
You may change your preferences, or unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication and updating your communication preferences. Please note that it may take up to a month to process your unsubscribe request during which time you may continue to receive communications from us. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, products, or services you have requested (for example, we may send you emails about your Paddle projects or our ongoing business relationship). R. California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
R. California Disclosures
Summary
: Under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended (“CCPA”), we must disclose our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information of California Residents (“Consumers”). Consumers are also afforded additional rights with regard to the Personal Information that we collect about them that include the rights of access, deletion, and to be free from discrimination. This section of our Privacy Policy includes the disclosures required by the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information:
We have collected and will collect the following general categories of Personal Information about Consumers, relative to your relationship with Paddle:
Personal identifiers, such as names, aliases, postal addresses, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, internet protocol addresses, email addresses, account names, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and passport numbers,
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) including names, addresses, telephone numbers, credit and debit card identifiers;
Protected classifications, including sex, age, and national origin;
Commercial information, including products or Services you have purchased, and your purchasing history;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, visual or similar information;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile (e.g. behaviour).
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
Use of Personal Information
We may use the categories of Personal Information described above for the following business or commercial purposes:
Advancing our commercial or economic business interests through our services and products to our Suppliers and customers;
Maintaining and servicing Supplier accounts;
Auditing Supplier activity on our Sites;
Processing or fulfilling orders and transactions;
Processing, managing, and accounting for transactions;
Providing customer support and support to Suppliers;
Verifying customer and Supplier information;
For short term, transient uses (such as contextual advertising);
To understand and enhance your experience on our Sites or with our services by utilising analytic services;
Advertising our services;
Linking or combining it with information received from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with an enhanced service;
Performing internal research for technological development;
Ensuring and improving the quality and safety of our services and products;
Debugging to address impairments to operational functionality;
Detecting security incidents;
Complying with applicable law and law enforcement requirements;
Protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and assisting in the prosecution of those responsible for such activities; and
Defending against or bringing legal action, claims and other liabilities.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect or obtain Personal Information about you from the following sources:
You: We obtain Personal Information when you provide it to us (e.g., where you create an account, purchase products, participate in research, where you contact us via email or telephone, provide us information during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, or at events we attend, or by any other means, or when you submit a job application), and when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Information when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Public sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Information when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites or services.
Third Party content and advertising partners: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we receive Personal Information from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Other third party sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
Disclosures of Personal Information
We do not Sell any Personal Information to third parties. In particular, we do not Sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients.
The following is the categories of recipients to which we disclose information and the categories of Personal Information disclosed:
To:
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial Information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data;
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile
Accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Protected classifications (if provided);
Commercial information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Third-party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted in Section (G);
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content;
Personal identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Retention
We determine the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
The status of our ongoing relationship with you (e.g. where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
If your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g. where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data).
Plus, the duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e. any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim).
And:
In addition, if any relevant legal claim are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
S. Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
Summary
: Subject to the CCPA, you may have a number of rights, including: the right to know about your Personal Information, right to request the deletion of your Personal Information, the right to opt out of a Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information, the right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information, the right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information and the right to non-discrimination when you exercise your rights under the CCPA
You may make a request to exercise a right as set forth above. Generally, in order to verify your request, we will compare the Personal Information we already hold about you to the Personal Information we will request in the course of processing your request. The Personal Information required for verification may include your name and email address, or further information if we reasonably believe it is necessary to verify you. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please follow the instructions described in this section.
Right to Know About Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we disclose the following information, in a readily useable format, covering the 12 month period preceding the request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The purposes for which the categories of Personal Information collected about you will be used.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
. Consumers have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from them. Your request may be subject to certain exemptions under applicable laws.
We may keep a record of deletion requests solely as a record of compliance.
Right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any inaccurate Personal Information.
Right to opt out of a Sale or the Sharing of your Personal Information.
Please note that Paddle does not Sell or Share your information within the meaning of the California Privacy Acts.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to direct a business to limit its use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Please note that Paddle will only collect and use Sensitive Personal Information where it is absolutely required to do so in the course of its relationship with you and all information collected is subjected to record retention timeframes based on law and industry standards.
Requests to know, correct, or delete data may be submitted via
preferences.paddle.com/privacy
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Consumers have the right to be free from discrimination as set forth in the CCPA when they exercise their Consumer rights under the CCPA.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
We do not offer financial incentives or a price or service difference to incentivise consumers to provide personal information.
Authorised Agent
. Under the CCPA, you may appoint an authorised agent to submit requests to exercise your rights on your behalf. Should you choose to do so, for your and our protection, we will require your authorised agent to provide us with a signed permission demonstrating that they are authorised to submit a request on your behalf. Should your authorised agent fail to submit proof that they have been authorised to act on your behalf, we will deny their request.
T. California's "Shine the Light" Law
Summary
:  California residents are entitled to request a notice describing what  categories of personal customer information We share with third parties.
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the purposes of their direct marketing.
U. Details of Controllers
Summary
: There are several Paddle entities that act as Controllers for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Policy, the relevant Controllers are:
Paddle.com Market Limited
of Judd House, 18-29 Mora Street, London, EC1V 8BT, UK
Paddle Payments Limited
of The Academy, 42 Pearse Street, Dublin, D02 YX88, Ireland
Paddle.com Inc.
of 3811 Ditmars Blvd, #1071 Astoria, New York, 11105-1803, USA
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at privacy@paddle.com
V. Definitions
“Adequate Jurisdiction”
means a country or territory recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under an adequacy decision made, from time to time, by (as applicable) (i) the Information Commissioner’s Office and/or under applicable UK law (including the UK GDPR), and/ or (ii) the European Commission under the EU GDPR.
“California Resident”
or
“Consumer”
means (1) every individual who is residing in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory purpose.
“Controller”
means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Cookie”
means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies.
“Data Protection Authority”
means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA”
means the European Economic Area.
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“
EU GDPR
”); the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (as implemented by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 and the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020) (the "
UK GDPR
"), as applicable;
“Merchant of Record”
means the licensed reseller of software and digital products and the business that is carried on by Paddle.
“Personal Data
” and
“Personal Information”
means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”
,
“Processing”
or
“Processed”
means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Product”
means the Supplier’s software product(s) and/or digital content and any subsequent updates and upgrades thereto agreed to be resold or distributed by Paddle.
“Relevant Personal Data”
means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller.
“Sell”
has the meaning ascribed to it in section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
“Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that is deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Sensitive Personal Information”
means Personal Information that reveals an Consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership or the contents of a Consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; or genetic data
“Share”
means communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioural advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration
“Site”
means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
“Standard Contractual Clauses”
means i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council incorporating Module 1 (Controller to Controller transfers) (EU SCCs); and ii) where the UK GDPR applies, the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the UK's Information Commissioner's Office and approved by Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK Approved Addendum) and the accompanying Mandatory Clauses of the UK Approved Addendum, as updated from time to time and/or replaced by any further version published by the Information Commissioner's Office (UK Mandatory Clauses)
“Supplier”
means a party which has appointed Paddle to be its Merchant of Record and reseller of its Products
“UK”
means the United Kingdom
Sub-policy 3
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy:
Boost app Revenue with seamless deep linking – Get the playbook now!
Boost app revenue with deep linking: Download the Playbook!
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Popup heading
Close
Customers
Information We Collect from Customers (“Customer Information”)
Why We Use Customer Information
To Whom We Disclose Customer Information
Customer Choices
Users
Information We Collect from Users (“User Information”)
Why We Use User Information
To Whom We Disclose User Information
User Choices
Interest-Based Advertising
Opt Out
Data Retention
Children
Site Visitors
Information We Collect from Site Visitors
Why We Use Site Visitor Information
To Whom We Disclose Site Visitor Information
Third-Party Online Advertising
Site Visitor Choices
General Provisions Applicable to Customers, Users, and Site Visitors
Why We Use Your Information
Disclosing Your Information
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Third-Party Links
Security
International Data Transfers
Regional Privacy Rights
Notice to Individuals within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom ("UK")
Notice to Individuals in the State of California
Notice to Individuals in Applicable U.S. States
Notice to Individuals in Thailand
Notice to Individuals in Brazil
Notice to Individuals within the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)
Data Broker Requirements
Contact Us
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Taboola’s Opt-Out Options
Personal Data in Europe and UK
TABOOLA PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update:
November 6th, 2024
For Taboola’s opt-out status options, please
click here
.
For Taboola’s region-specific notices, please visit the applicable notice for individuals in
Brazil
,
California
and
additional U.S. states
,
Europe
(including the United Kingdom),
China
, or
Thailand
.
Privacy Self-Regulation:
Taboola is dedicated to providing Internet users the highest level of transparency and control over the use of their data in online advertising. In support of this, we adhere to the:
Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), the Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA);
Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) and the IAB Europe OBA Framework. Taboola participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies as vendor number 42; and the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Code of Conduct
for Web and Mobile. Taboola is a proud member of the NAI, an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.
Taboola also maintains an externally-facing
Trust Center
, which is available for your reference. To update your AdChoices Opt Out settings, select your region here:
US
,
Canada
, or
Europe
(including the United Kingdom); and to manage all NAI member sites’ settings, click
here
.
Privacy Policy:
Taboola, Inc., together with its
Affiliates
, (“
Taboola
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”), recognize the importance of your privacy. In this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) we describe how we collect, process, use, and disclose information that we obtain in the following contexts:
our website,
www.taboola.com
and any Taboola website, digital property, communication, or form displaying this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Sites
”);
our content-discovery platforms, feeds, widgets, analytics tools, pixels, integrations, push notifications, and other technical applications that we provide on third-party websites (collectively, the “
Content Discovery Platform
”); and
the Taboola News suite of content-discovery tools available on mobile devices and operating systems (including the Start line of products, collectively “
Taboola News
”) (together with the Content Discovery Platform, the “
Services
”).
When you visit the Sites, or use or interact with any of our Services, we will collect information from or about you or your device, which may include personal information or personal data as defined by applicable privacy laws (“
Personal
Information
” or “
Personal Data
“) (collectively, the “
Information
”), and this Information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may use Information collected through the Sites and Services in various ways, depending on whether you are:
(i) a publisher, advertiser, or other content provider that has a contractual relationship, with Taboola (a “
Customer
“);
(ii) a visitor to our Customers’ websites and digital properties who interacts with our Services (a “
User
“); or
(iii) a visitor to the Taboola Sites (a “
Site Visitor
“), which may include Customers and prospective customers.
Therefore, this Privacy Policy outlines specific provisions for each of these categories in Sections 1 – 3, and outlines provisions that apply to all three categories in Section 4 below.
For more information about how we use cookies on the Sites and when providing our Services, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Please note that our
Connexity
and
Skimlinks
business lines have separate privacy policies that apply to their services. Please visit their respective websites for information on their privacy practices.
1. Customers
1.1 Information We Collect from Customers (“Customer Information”)
We collect Customer Information directly from our Customers in the following ways:
Sites:
We will collect a Customer’s contact details when a Customer enters a contractual relationship with Taboola and we will collect a username and password when a Customer creates an account on any of our Sites.
When a Customer sends us an email asking a question, or signs up to receive our email newsletters, we will collect the Information that the Customer submits to us.
We will also collect other Information that Customers choose to provide to us, such as the contents of a message or form that a Customer submits through our Sites or via email.
We may also collect Information from prospective customers through publicly-available sources.
Services:
When a Customer signs up to use our Services or uses Taboola’s analytics dashboard “Taboola Ads,” we collect Information such as the Customer’s name, email address, telephone number, payment card information, billing information, and any other Information the Customer may choose to provide to us on the platform.
We may also work with third party vendors to process payments to or from our Customers on our behalf. These vendors currently include
Stripe
and
Payoneer
, but are subject to change at any time. We do not have access to the Information that you provide to these third parties, and we encourage you to visit their privacy policies to understand their practices.
1.2 Why We Use Customer Information
We use Customer Information for the following purposes:
Providing our Services
. We use Customer Information to provide our Sites and Services and for other customer service purposes in relation to Customer accounts.
Communicating with you about your Taboola Partnership
. We use Customer Information to communicate, via email or otherwise, about Customers’ accounts; to contact Customers about Taboola’s products or services that we think may interest you; to respond to Customer inquiries, requests, or complaints; and to provide Customers with product updates, news, best practices, and other helpful or interesting information that can enhance your use of Taboola’s Services, in accordance with their communications preferences. When we communicate in this way, our emails may deploy a cookie that tracks when the emails are opened to measure Customer engagement. For more information about cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Marketing and advertising
. We use Customer Information to provide Customers with newsletters, special offers, and promotions, including via email; and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes, including general updates about Taboola. These communications will be sent in accordance with our Customers’ communications preferences.
1.3 To Whom We Disclose Customer Information
We may disclose Customer Information as follows:
Taboola Affiliates
. We may disclose Customer Information to any of Taboola’s current or future affiliates (affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us, including, for example, Taboola.com Ltd., Taboola Europe Limited, Taboola (Thailand) Limited, and Taboola Brasil Internet Ltda., referred to herein as “
Affiliates
”), parent companies, or subsidiaries to process for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Taboola service providers
. We may disclose Customer Information to vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, fraud detection) on our behalf.
Customers
. We may disclose Customer Information to other Customers where relevant to the Service we provide. For example, we may provide publishers with information about what advertisers may appear on their network or advertisers with information about which publisher websites their campaigns have appeared on.
1.4 Customer Choices
Customers may access, correct, delete, or update the Information that they have provided to us by either updating the Information in their account, by emailing their dedicated account manager, or by emailing us at
support@taboola.com
.
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to Customers in accordance with their communications preferences. At any time, Customers may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt out of receiving marketing and advertising emails from Taboola, we will still send you emails about your account and any Services that you have requested or received from us.
2. Users
2.1 Information We Collect from Users (“User Information”)
We automatically collect User Information when Users interact with our Services that appear on our Customers’ websites and digital properties. Like most other web-based services, we collect this User Information through cookies and other technologies. Taboola collects only pseudonymized data, which means we do not know who you are because we do not know or process your name, email address, or other identifiable data. Instead, we only process digital identifiers such as cookie IDs, IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs on your device, Taboola network browsing history and associated preferences, and in some limited circumstances, your hashed email address.
User Information that we collect includes, but is not limited to the following:
Content Discovery Platform
: We collect Information about a User’s device and operating system, IP address, the web pages accessed by Users within our Customers’ websites, the link that led a User to a Customer’s website, the dates and times a User accesses a Customers’ website, event information (e.g., system crashes), Information about the interactions with advertisements and Customers’ Services (e.g., availability, visibility, and clicks), general location information (e.g., city and state), hashed email addresses (when made available by the User), and gender (when made available by the User). We ask our Customers to obtain consent on our behalf, where required by applicable data protection laws, for us to collect this User Information. We may also obtain Information about you from our
data partners
.
Taboola News
: We collect in-app User behaviors (e.g. online status, browsing activity, and clicks) and implicit non-precise device location inferred from search queries (when enabled by the User) and SIM cards or IP addresses. For more information about how we use cookies and other technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Taboola Push Notification
: We collect Information about Users’ time zone, location (country, region, city), language, mobile operating system (e.g. iOS or Android), browser, connection and internet service provider.
2.2 Why We Use User Information
We use User Information for the following purposes:
Providing and Improving our Service
. We may use User Information to provide and improve our Services to Users and our Customers.
Tailoring content
. We may use User Information to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to Users; to retarget content to Users through our Services and elsewhere; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Services. For more information about how we tailor our content see information below about our
Interest Based Advertising
.
Tailoring content across multiple devices
. We may use User Information to improve a unique User’s experience across multiple browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, or other viewing devices) by providing better targeted ad campaigns to that User. For instance, should we recognize a User on a web browser, we may want to provide that User similar or personalized content on mobile apps, as well. To do this, we identify unique Users across devices, or we may sync cookies and identifiers with our service providers or Customers that do this, to help our Customers enhance their own data and data segments, or to help them target the right audience.
Offering our Customers data segments that help target content and advertisements for topics, products, and services that may interest you.
A data segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g., travel enthusiasts). We offer a number of data segments, both proprietary and from our
data partners
, to our Customers so that they may better target Users who are more likely to be interested in their content and advertisements. Taboola does not knowingly create segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive information (for example, Personal Data revealing your racial or ethnic origin or your religious affiliations, or Personal Data concerning your sensitive health information, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data). In connection with our Services, our Customers may use these
standard health-related segments
about non-sensitive conditions such as an inferred interest in health and wellness or over the counter medications. In addition, Taboola offers our Customers
standard political-related segments
that may indicate general political sentiment, interest in specific political issues, and political party affiliation.
2.3 To Whom We Disclose User Information
We may disclose User Information as follows:
Taboola Affiliates
. We may disclose User Information to any current or future Affiliates, parent companies, or subsidiaries to process for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Taboola service providers
. We may disclose User Information to vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, or fraud detection) on our behalf.
Unaffiliated third parties
. We may disclose User Information to other unaffiliated third parties, specifically with (i) our
data partners
, so that we can connect you with relevant content by allowing our advertisers to target specific audience segments, and (ii) our
programmatic demand and supply partners
, so that we can serve you with tailored advertisements.
Customers
. We may disclose User Information to Customers where relevant to the Service we provide those Customers. For example, we may provide publishers with information about the viewing and click-through patterns of the content they publish and may provide advertisers with information about conversion rates for analytics purposes.
2.4 User Choices
You have the right to request that Taboola provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, correct your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, and cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data, and opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data. Please visit our Global Taboola Data Subject Access Request Portal available
here
. To opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data, please click the U.S. State Consumer Rights Portal available
here
.
2.5 Interest-Based Advertising
Through our Services, including our Services on Customer websites, we may provide advertisements to you based on your recent browsing behavior across different Customer websites, browsers, or devices. For example, if on a first online visit, you browse on website A, then on a subsequent visit to website B, you may see content personalized based on your browsing history on website A. For example, if a user visits a clothing retail site, she might see clothing-related ads on another site she visits.
In order to target advertisements to you for products and services that may interest you, we may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), HTML5 local storage, and other technologies. For more information about how we use these technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
We may also work with third parties such as ad networks, which are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to websites that you have visited in the past. These advertisers will deliver you targeted advertisements for products and services that may interest you. Third-party ad networks, our advertiser Customers (and their content providers and agents), and/or traffic measurement services may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These
third-party cookies and other technologies
are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one.
If you have questions about our collection and use of data for interest-based advertising purposes, please contact us at:
support@taboola.com
.
2.6 Opt Out
Taboola supports initiatives to offer our Users greater transparency and control over the uses of their Information. Therefore, we offer the following options for controlling the interest-based content and ads you receive.
If
you do not want to receive interest-based ads from Taboola, you can disable the display of such ads by clicking on the opt-out link below
. Please note that an opt out will not prevent you from seeing Taboola’s content recommendations. Rather, the opt out will prevent Taboola from using your Information to tailor these recommendations to your interests. You will continue to receive recommendations that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
You are currently:
Opted Out
Opt In
Not Opted Out
Opt Out
Not Opted Out
: Taboola will serve you personalized recommendations based on your history.
Opted Out
: You have opted out of tracking, Taboola will no longer serve you with personalized content recommendations based on your Internet use history.
Because our tracking mechanisms operate at the device and browser level, to fully opt-out across devices,
you will need to do so on each device and browser individually
. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies, your opt-out may not be effective, since we identify your choice to opt-out based on an opt-out cookie we deliver to you. In this case, you will need to confirm that your browser is configured properly in order for the opt-out to be effective. If you are using a Safari browser on iOS11 or macOS High Sierra, you must first adjust your Privacy and Security Settings to turn off both “Prevent Cross-Site Tracking” and “Block All Cookies”, and then return to this privacy policy or your preferred opt out platform to reset your opt out preferences.
Taboola may use non-cookie technologies in limited cases. Like cookies, these technologies allow Taboola to recommend ads that are tailored to your interests and to remember whether you have chosen to opt-out from our Services. Please note that some web browsers may not permit you to block the use of non-cookie technologies, but you can do so by simply clicking on the Opt Out feature above in this Section 2.6.
You can also opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by Taboola and other advertising companies
.
You may use the
NAI opt out tool
, which will allow you to opt out of receiving targeted ads from Taboola and from other NAI-approved member companies. The NAI also provides instructions to engage system-level mobile device opt outs in Android, iOS, and Windows Phone environments.
You may also visit one of the Digital Advertising Alliance affiliate websites to learn more about User choices and opting out of interest-based advertising displayed by the many member companies.
Users in the United States may visit the DAA consumer choice page at
www.aboutads.info/choices
Users in Canada may visit the DAAC consumer choice page at
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
Users in Europe (including the United Kingdom) may visit the EDAA consumer choice page at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
You can also opt out of the use of your email address for targeted ads through
Audience Matched Advertising
or AMA by Taboola and other advertising companies through the
NAI Audience Matched Advertising Opt Out (Beta)
.
Please note that an opt out from one or more companies listed on the DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages will not prevent you from seeing those companies’ advertisements. Rather, the opt out will prevent these companies from using your Information to display targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective because your browser will refuse opt-out cookies (that alert companies that you have exercised your opt-out preference).
2.7 Data Retention
We retain User Information, which is directly collected for purposes of serving ads, for at most thirteen (13) months from the User’s last interaction with our Services (often for a shorter period of time), after which time we de-identify the data by removing unique identifiers or aggregating the data.
We retain deidentified or aggregated data, which cannot identify an individual or device and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, for as long as commercially necessary. We keep opt-out information for longer than this period so that we can continue to honor your opt-out requests.
2.8 Children
We do not knowingly collect any data or target any advertisements on websites directed to children under the age of eighteen (18). If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of eighteen (18) and have a concern regarding the Information we collect, please contact us at
dpo@taboola.com
.
3. Site Visitors
3.1 Information We Collect from Site Visitors
Taboola collects Site Visitor Information either directly from you or from third parties that collect this Information during your use of our Sites. We may combine all the Information that we collect from various sources.
Information we collect directly from you
. We may collect Site Visitor Information directly from you. For example, when you send us an email asking a question, or submit a form on our Sites to receive marketing materials or email newsletters, we will collect the Information that you submit to us. We may also collect any other Information that you choose to provide to us, such as the contents of a message that you submit through our Sites.
Information we collect from third parties
. We may collect Site Visitor Information about you from third parties that collect information on our behalf through your use of the Site, such as web analytics companies. Such information may include, without limitation, information about your operating system, IP address, settings and system configurations, device model, device ID and other unique device identifiers, mobile related information, the web pages you access within our Sites, the website that led you to our Sites, the website to which you go after leaving our Sites, the dates and times that you access our Sites, event information (e.g., system crashes) and web log data.
For more information about how we use cookies and other technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
3.2 Why We Use Site Visitor Information
We use your Site Visitor Information for the following purposes:
Providing our Service
. We use Site Visitor Information to provide and manage our Sites and Services.
Tailoring content
. We use Site Visitor Information to tailor the content and information that we send or display to you on our Sites, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Sites.
Communicating with you
. We use Site Visitor Information to communicate with you, including via email, about our Services; to respond to your inquiries via our website request forms; and to answer any questions or complaints you submit; to provide you with news, best practices or other information that we think may interest you.
Marketing and advertising
. We use Site Visitor Information to provide you with newsletters, special offers, and promotions, including via email; to contact you about products or services we think may interest you; and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes. These communications will be sent in accordance with your communications preferences.
Analyzing use of our Sites
. We use Site Visitor Information to better understand how individuals access and use our Sites, both on an aggregated and individualized basis; to honor their requests and preferences; and for other research, analytical or statistical purposes.
3.3 To Whom We Disclose Site Visitor Information
We may disclose Site Visitor Information as follows:
Taboola Affiliates
. We may disclose Site Visitor Information to any current or future Affiliates, parent companies, or subsidiaries to process for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Taboola service providers
. We may disclose Site Visitor Information to vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, fraud detection) on our behalf.
3.4 Third-Party Online Advertising
To understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored to your interests, we may work with service providers or third parties that use their own
cookies, web beacons, and other technologies
to collect Information about Site Visitors’ online activities, either on our Sites and/or other websites across the Internet  (“
Taboola Ad Partners
”). These Taboola Ad Partners include advertisers and ad networks that may collect Information about when you view or interact with one of their advertisements and may collect information regarding your activities on our Sites and your online activities over time and across different websites. Like most advertisers, Taboola works to place our advertisements where we think they will be most interesting and relevant to the recipient. One way we do this is by allowing ad networks to place their own cookies when an individual visits our Sites. This enables the ad network to recognize individuals who have previously visited the Taboola Sites. Then, if the ad network has purchased ad space on a third-party website, and recognizes that same individual visiting that third-party website, the ad network can deliver a Taboola advertisement, knowing that this individual has already expressed interest in Taboola by visiting the Taboola Sites. To learn more about third parties who collect Site Visitor Information, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
3.5 Site Visitor Choices
Site Visitors may opt out of the Taboola Ad Partners that collect information on the Sites to serve ads about Taboola. (Some U.S. Site Visitors may exercise their options directly with Taboola, as outlined below in Section 5.2.1 and Section 5.3.1). By visiting one of the Digital Advertising Alliance affiliate websites, you can learn more about User choices and opting out of interest-based advertising displayed by the many member companies.
Users in the United States may visit the DAA consumer choice page at
www.aboutads.info/choices
Users in Canada may visit the DAAC consumer choice page at
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
Users in Europe (including the United Kingdom) may visit the EDAA consumer choice page at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Please note that an opt out from one or more companies listed on the DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages will not prevent you from seeing those companies’ advertisements. Rather, the opt out will prevent these companies from using your Information to display targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective because your browser will refuse opt-out cookies (that alert companies that you have exercised your opt-out preference).
For Site Visitors who have subscribed to receive emails from us, you can manage your subscription by clicking your unique link that appears at the bottom of each of these emails.
4. General Provisions Applicable to Customers, Users, and Site Visitors
4.1 Why We Use Your Information
We use the Information that we collect from Customers, Users, and Site Visitors for the purposes respectively set forth in Sections 1-3 above, as well as for the following purposes:
Analyzing use of our Services
. We use the Information that we collect to better understand how Customers, Users, and Site Visitors access and use our Site and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis; to respond to Customers’, Users’, and Site Visitors’ requests and preferences; and for other research, analytical, and statistical purposes.
Legal compliance
. We use the Information that we collect to comply with applicable legal obligations, including requests from law enforcement or other governmental entities.
Protecting our rights and interests
. We use the Information that we collect to protect our rights and interests and the rights and interests of our Customers, Users, Site Visitors, and the general public, as well as to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
.
4.2 Disclosing Your Information
When we share your Information with third parties as specified above, we require such recipients to agree to only use the Information we share with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our contractual specifications and for no other purpose than those determined by us in line with this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the disclosures detailed above, we may also disclose Information for the following purposes:
Business transfers
.
We reserve the right to disclose and/or transfer Information to another entity if we are acquired by or merged with another company, if we sell or transfer a business unit or assets to another company, if we undergo a bankruptcy proceeding, or if we engage in any other similar business transfer.
Legal compliance
.
We may disclose Information in order to comply with the law, regulation, a judicial proceeding, subpoena, court order, or other legal process.
Protecting rights and interests
.
We may disclose Information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our
Terms of Use
or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and de-identified Information
.
We may disclose to our Customers and other third parties aggregated or de-identified information about users for marketing, advertising, research, or other purposes.
4.3 Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
For more information about how we use cookies and other tracking mechanisms on the Sites and when providing our Services, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
. You may disable certain tracking as discussed in our
Cookie Policy
(e.g., by disabling cookies).
4.4 Third-Party Links
Our Sites and Services may contain links to our
third-party partners’
websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information security nor privacy practices of such third-party websites.
For example, our Sites include features from third-party social networking platforms, such as the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect certain information, such as your IP address or the page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing such features. As another example, our Services link to Customer websites, which are also not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the applicable Customers’ privacy policy.
4.5 Security
We value the security of your Information, including, but not limited to, the Information collected via the Sites or Services. Taboola is ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 certified and we have taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Information we collect about you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and any other form of unauthorized processing. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
4.6 International Data Transfers
We may transfer your Information outside the country in which it is collected, including to a country that may not offer the same level of protection for Information as the country in which you reside. Rest assured, however, that Taboola has arranged all contractual safeguards to ensure your Information is processed in a way that offers an adequate level of protection when it is shared between or among Taboola Affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or parent companies.
If you would like to learn more about EEA/UK Data Transfers, specifically, see Section 5.1.4 below. If you would like to learn more about Thailand Data Transfers, specifically, see Section 5.3.4 below.
5. Regional Privacy Rights
5.1 Notice to Individuals within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom ("UK")
5.1.1 Data Controller and Representative
If you reside in the EEA or UK, Taboola.com Ltd. will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services. Taboola.com Ltd. can be contacted at
support@taboola.com
.
Our representative in the European Union is Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd., 2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin, D02 EK84 Ireland.
Our representative in the UK is Taboola Europe Limited, Aldgate House, 2nd Floor, 33 Aldgate High Street, London EC3N 1DL, United Kingdom.
5.1.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from the EEA or UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.1 as “
EEA/UK Data
”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, including if you would like to better understand how our legitimate interests to process your data are balanced against your data protection rights and freedoms, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below.
5.1.3 Your Rights to Your Information
You have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (ii) correct your Personal Data, (iii) export your Personal Data, (iv) delete your Personal Data, and (v) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. Where we have obtained your consent, or our Customers have obtained it on our behalf, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioral information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
privacy@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
You have the right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. To learn more, please contact your local data protection authority, via the contact methods available
here
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at
privacy@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.1.4 EEA/UK Data Transfers
As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows among the EEA, the UK, Israel, the United States, Singapore and Hong Kong, and Taboola stores Customer, User, and Visitor information in our data centers located in Israel and the United States.
When Taboola transfers EEA/UK Data to Taboola.com Ltd. in Israel, it relies (as applicable) on (i) the European Commission’s decision, and (ii) UK adequacy regulations that Israel provides a level of data protection that is adequate for EEA/UK Data. These allow the free transfer of EEA/UK Data to Israel without the need for additional data transfer mechanisms.
Similarly, when Taboola transfers any personal data from the EEA to Taboola Europe Limited in the United Kingdom, it relies on the European Commission’s decision that the UK provides a level of data protection that is adequate for personal data from the EEA.
Beyond that, when Taboola transfers EEA/UK Data to other countries then, if those countries do not have a European Commission adequacy finding and are not the subject of UK adequacy regulations (as applicable), Taboola implements
Standard Contractual Clauses
approved by the European Commission and/or competent UK authorities (as applicable) to protect the transferred data. The Standard Contractual Clauses are contractual privacy and security commitments that are entered between companies that transfer personal data outside of the EEA.
In particular, non-EEA/UK Taboola Affiliates, like Taboola, Inc. in the United States, have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services.
5.2 Notice to Individuals in the State of California
5.2.1 Your Rights to Your Personal Information
California residents have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with what Personal Information Taboola has collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom Taboola discloses Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information Taboola has collected about you, (ii) correct your Personal Information, (iii) delete your Personal Information, and (iv) opt you out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information. You also have a right against discrimination for exercising any of these rights, which Taboola is committed to upholding and honoring at all times.
If you would like to opt out of Taboola’s disclosures, sharing, and sales of your Personal Information and cross-context behavioral advertising, you may do so as outlined in
Taboola’s U.S. State Consumer Rights Portal
. Please note that this feature is currently only available for U.S. state residents with active U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws in effect. If you would like to effectuate additional consumer rights, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
.
5.2.2 Summary of Consumer Requests
This is a
summary of the requests
that Taboola received and honored from California residents in the last calendar year.
5.2.3 Categories of Data that Taboola May Hold about You
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this notice, Taboola may have used or obtained your Personal Information with respect to our Services and Sites in accordance with the chart below.
Consumer/Data Subject Type
Statutory Category of Personal Information (PI)
Sources of PI
Purpose of Collection
Disclosure of PI
Customers
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Additional data subject to Cal. Civ. Code section 1798.80 (e.g., name, address, work phone, employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information
through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms
)
Please visit section 1.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Users
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 2.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Site Visitors
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Additional data subject to Cal. Civ. Code section 1798.80 (e.g., name, address, work phone, employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information
through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms
)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 3.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
5.2.4 How Taboola Shares Your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services, advertising networks, and social networks) to collect Personal Information via automated technologies on our websites for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. Under California law, such disclosures may be considered a “sale” when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration, or “sharing” when the personal information is disclosed for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your Personal Information in accordance with the opt out methods we have provided throughout this notice.
We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period prior to the Effective Date of this Statement) the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services, advertising networks and social networks:
Commercial Information
Geolocation Data
Identifiers
Internet/Online Activity
Inferences
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share Personal Information of minors under 18 years old.
5.3 Notice to Individuals in Applicable U.S. States
5.3.1 Your Rights to Your Personal Information
Residents of U.S. states with active U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws in effect have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with information on/access to the Personal Information that we may hold about you, (ii) correct your Personal Information, (iii) delete your Personal Information, (iv) provide you a copy of your Personal Information, and (v) opt-out of targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information. Taboola does not profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. You also have a right against discrimination for exercising any of these rights, which Taboola is committed to upholding and honoring at all times.
If you would like to opt out of Taboola’s disclosures, sharing, and sales of your Personal Information and targeted advertising, you may do so as outlined in
Taboola’s U.S. State Consumer Rights Portal
. Please note that this feature is currently only available for U.S. state residents with active U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws in effect. If you would like to effectuate additional consumer rights requests, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
.
5.3.2 Categories of Data that Taboola May Hold about You
Taboola may have used or obtained your Personal Information with respect to our Services and Sites in accordance with the chart below.
Consumer/Data Subject Type
Category of Personal Information (PI)
Sources of PI
Purpose of Collection
Sources
Customers
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Please visit section 1.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Users
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 2.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Site Visitors
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 3.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
We may disclose your Personal Information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services, advertising networks, and social networks) to collect Personal Information via automated technologies on our websites for targeted advertising purposes. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your Personal Information.
We may sell or share for targeted advertising purposes, the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services, advertising networks and social networks:
Commercial Information
Geolocation Data
Identifiers
Internet/Online Activity
Inferences
5.4 Notice to Individuals in Thailand
5.6.1 Data Controller
If you reside in Thailand, Taboola (Thailand) Limited will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services.
5.6.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from Thailand, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.3 as “Thailand Data”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
5.6.3 Your Rights to Your Information
You have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (ii) export your Personal Data, (iii) delete your Personal Data, and (iv) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioural information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
dpo@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
If you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.6.4 Thailand Data Transfers
Taboola transfers data outside of Thailand. Taboola has in place an Inter Group Data Transfer Agreement across its international entities, which is based on the EEA’s standard model clauses.
As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows among Thailand, the EEA, the United States, Israel, and Hong Kong. To ensure that Thailand Data is adequately protected when transferred outside of Thailand, the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 mandates that such transfers take place using certain legal mechanisms.
When transferring Thailand data elsewhere, Taboola relies on Standard Contractual Clauses, set forth by the European Commission, that outline contractual privacy and security commitments between companies that transfer personal data (for example, from Taboola (Thailand) Limited to Taboola, Inc.). Taboola, Inc. and its Affiliates have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services.
Note: Taboola currently stores Customer, User, and Visitor Information in our data centers located in the United States and Israel.
5.5 Notice to Individuals in Brazil
5.7.1 Data Controller
If you reside in the Federative Republic of Brazil (“Brazil”), Taboola Brasil Internet Ltda. will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services.
5.7.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from Brazil, under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados federal law 13,709/2018 (the “LGPD”), our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.4 as “Brazil Data”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), a notice will be provided to you in our disclosure statement.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, including if you would like to better understand how our legitimate interests to process your data are balanced against your data protection rights and freedoms, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below.
5.7.3 Your Rights to Your Personal Data
You have the right to request that Taboola (i) confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data, (ii) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (iii) disclose the public and private entities with which we have shared use of your Personal Data, (iv) correct your Personal Data, (v) export your Personal Data, for your own use or use by another controller (vi) anonymize, block, or delete any unnecessary or excessive data, (vii) delete all your Personal Data, and (vii) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioral information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit Taboola’s
Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
dpo@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
Brazilian data subjects can file a complaint in relation to the LGPD with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (the “ANPD”). In the meantime, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer, Leonie Power, FieldFisher, at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.7.4. Brazil Data Transfers
Taboola transfers data outside Brazil. As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows among Brazil, the EEA, the United States, Israel, and Hong Kong. To ensure that Brazil Data is adequately protected when transferred outside Brazil, the LGPD mandates that such transfers take place using
certain legal mechanisms
. Taboola has in place an Inter Group Data Transfer Agreement across its international entities, which is based on the EEA’s standard model clauses, and which may be updated upon further guidance from the future ANPD.
Note: Taboola currently stores Customer, User, and Visitor Information in our data centers located in the United States and Israel.
5.6 Notice to Individuals within the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)
5.8.1 Processing Entity and Designated Office
If you reside in the PRC, Taboola Information Technology Shanghai Co. Ltd. will be the processing entity of your Personal Information provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services. Our designated office is located at Room 501i, Unit 501, 5F, No. 61 on East 3rd Middle Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China, and Taboola Information Technology Shanghai Co. Ltd. can be contacted at
support@taboola.com
.
5.8.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from the PRC, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above (also referred to in this Section 5.5 as “PRC Data”) will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is reasonable to support news reporting or the public interest. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information).
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below.
5.8.3 Your Rights to Your Information
You have the right to know about and make decisions about the processing of your Personal Information — this includes the right to restrict or refuse the processing of your Personal Information. You also have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to consult or copy the Personal Information we hold about you, (ii) correct or supplement your Personal Information, (iii) transfer or export your Personal Information, (iv) delete your Personal Information, and (v) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Information. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Information and behavioural information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Information, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
dpo@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
You have the right to complain to the relevant department performing duties of Personal Information protection. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Information, please first contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.8.4 PRC Data Transfers
To provide Taboola’s Services, Personal Information about individuals in the PRC is collected by a server in Hong Kong, and our data then flows between Hong Kong, Israel, the EEA, the UK, the United States, and Singapore. Taboola does not store any Personal Information in the PRC, and instead stores Customer, User, and Visitor information in our data centers located in Israel and the United States.
When Taboola transfers Personal Information about individuals in the PRC to Taboola.com Ltd. in Israel, it relies (as applicable) on standard contractual clauses as set forth by the European Commission. In particular, non-PRC Taboola Affiliates, like Taboola, Inc. in the United States, have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services.
6. Data Broker Requirements
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE IS A DATA BROKER UNDER TEXAS LAW. TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN TEXAS, A DATA BROKER MUST REGISTER WITH THE TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE (TEXAS SOS). INFORMATION ABOUT DATA BROKER REGISTRANTS IS AVAILABLE ON THE TEXAS SOS WEBSITE.
The entity maintaining this website is a data broker under Texas law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website.
7. Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Sites or Services, please contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you wish to receive this policy in an alternative format, please contact privacy@taboola.com.
The names and contact details of our Affiliates which may process your Personal Information in their capacity as data controllers, can be found here:
www.taboola.com/contact
.
Residents in Brazil, China, the European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom) and Thailand, if you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer, Leonie Power, FieldFisher at
dpo@taboola.com
.
8. Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Sites.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the Information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Sites. We will seek your prior consent to any material changes, if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.