Kinetic Software Privacy Policy
At Kinetic Solutions Limited (“We”) your privacy is important to us and We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy statement (together with our “Terms & Conditions”) provides information about the personal information that We collect, and the ways in which We use that personal information. Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our policies regarding your personal data. By visiting the website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
The Data Controller for this web site is Kinetic Solutions Limited. The purpose of this statement is to inform users of the website, about the information that is collected from them when they visit this site, how this information is used, if it is disclosed and the ways in which We protect users’ privacy.
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 establishes rights for individuals whose personal data is processed by an organisation and protects and empowers all EU citizens data privacy. The UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) established rights for individuals who personal data in processed by an organisation, and protects and empowers all UK citizen data privacy. Any organisation which processes information about living individuals is a data controller for the purposes of the above Acts and Regulations.
As Data Controller, We are required by law to ensure that individual data subjects are aware of how their personal data may be used, the purpose/purposes for processing that data and to whom, if anybody, that data may be disclosed.
We may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website;
information that you provide us for the purpose of registering with the website or contacting us through the website;
information that we receive from third parties (for example; business partners, advertisers and credit reference agencies);
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to our updates; and
any other information that you send/give us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
We may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalise the website for you;
help keep our website safe and secure;
carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered between you and us;
provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
provide you with information about other products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
help us understand the effectiveness of advertising to you to ensure we can continue to deliver relevant advertising to you;
notify you about changes to our service;
send you marketing communications.
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Where We disclose your personal information to agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified above, We may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights or the rights granted hereunder.
Securing your data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although We do our best to protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data submitted to our site and any data submitted is done so at your own risk.
Any communication from our team will come from one of the following domains:
kineticsoftware.com
kxsoftware.com
kinetic-solutions.co.uk
Cross-border data transfers
Information that We collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which We operate to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. In certain circumstances, we will transfer your information outside of either the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, including to the United States of America. Where we do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information where we have complied with this privacy policy.
Data Retention
We keep information only for so long as it is needed for the efficient and effective delivery or fulfilment of the software, products, or services using or contemplating using by the Data Subject and for a reasonable time thereafter, or to meet any legal requirements. We will either destroy or remove information when it is no longer needed.
Updating this statement
We may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Your Rights
The UK and EU GDPR give you rights as listed below:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erase
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right to withdraw consent
The right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
Any access request to this information may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with the information We hold.
Should you wish to exercise any of these rights please use the “Contact Us” details below.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party. A link to any third party website does not mean that We endorse it or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it. If you decide to visit a third party website, you are subject to its terms and conditions. We encourage you to carefully review the legal and privacy notices of all other websites you visit.
Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer “DPO” within Kinetic Solutions Limited is Stacey Wright who can be contacted via:
Email: accounts@kineticsoftware.com
Post: 249 Silbury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK9 1NA, FAO: The DPO
Phone: 01908 067001
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please:
write to us by email to
info@kineticsoftware.com
;
write to us by post to 249 Silbury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK9 1NA FAO: The DPO; or
call us on +44 1908 067000
If you are in the European Union, you may address privacy-related inquiries to our EU representative pursuant to Article 27 EU GDPR:
EU-REP.Global GmbH
www.eu-rep.global
Attn: Kinetic Solutions Ltd.
Hopfenstr. 1d, 24114 Kiel, Germany
kinetic@eu-rep.global