Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how The R&A uses your personal data when you interact with us via our Websites (
www.randa.org
,
www.theopen.com
,
www.aigwomensopen.com
and
www.oneclub.golf
) or otherwise, including when you use any of our mobile applications, purchase tickets for or attend any of our professional championships or amateur events, or when you apply to work or volunteer at The R&A.
We keep this privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our Websites. This privacy policy was last updated in October 2023.
Who are we?
The R&A comprises R&A Championships Limited (SC247047), R&A Group Services Limited (SC247048), R&A Rules Limited (SC247046), R&A Golf and Leisure Limited (SC366854), R&A Trust Company (No. 1) Limited (SC247045), R&A Trust Company (No.2) Limited (SC247049), The R&A Foundation (SC247050) and Golf Museum Services Limited (SC488042) (together "The R&A", "we", "us" and "our"). This privacy policy applies to any and all of the organisations within The R&A.
A number of The R&A’s activities are subject to dedicated privacy policies. These will usually be signposted on the relevant Websites or forms that you complete. A list of these privacy policies is set out at the end of this privacy policy.
How we collect information about you
We may collect personal data about you in a number of ways, including when you:
interact with The R&A via the Websites or any of our mobile applications, such as The Open app, the AIG Women’s Open app, the mobile ticketing apps for The Open and AIG Women’s Open and the Rules of Golf app, including in relation to any user account you may hold with us;
make an order or transaction through our Websites or otherwise;
visit our premises or attend any of our professional championships or amateur events;
apply to join the One Club;
sign up to receive marketing communications;
enter prize draws or competitions;
provide feedback to us or make an enquiry or complaint;
choose to complete any surveys we send you or take part in any focus groups;
interact with The R&A Foundation, including if you choose to make a donation;
register for and participate in Rules learning programmes, seminars and other Rules events; and
apply to work or volunteer at The R&A or any of our professional championships or amateur events.
We also collect certain non-personal data when you visit and use any of our Websites, mobile applications or access Wi-Fi at our premises and championships. For example, we may collect and store your IP address, reference site domain name, and demographic information. We may also collect information including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and usage while on any of the Websites or when using our apps or Wi-Fi. We will only collect such data in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified).
What personal data do we collect and how do we use it?
Orders and transactions
We collect your name, contact and payment details and other personal data you provide when you make an order or transaction, including when you: (i) purchase tickets or hospitality for any of our professional championships or amateur events; (ii) enter the ticket ballot for The Open; (iii) purchase or sell tickets through The Open ticket resale platform; and (iv) purchase goods from us, whether online or at any of our professional championships or amateur events. We may also receive personal data from our authorised providers (if you purchase tickets or hospitality through them) and from third parties who purchase tickets or hospitality on your behalf.
We use this personal data to process your order or purchase. Where you have purchased goods or services from one of our Websites, we will retain your payment details for as long as necessary to process any refund that may be due to you. This processing of your information is necessary for the performance of our sales contract with you.
We will retain the information you provide to us for your purchase for a period of 10 years from the date of your purchase to understand audiences for our championships and events and to improve efficiencies at our championships in general and at particular venues. This processing of your personal data is necessary for our legitimate interests of understanding our customers and providing better products and services for our customers. We will not store your payment details for this purpose.
We use software that collects personal data that you provide in relation to enquiries, orders or transactions that you start on any of the Websites but which you then abandon or do not complete – i.e. data may be captured regardless of whether you click "next" or "submit" on the relevant page. We may use this information to contact you by email about that enquiry, order or transaction. Such contact will be to determine if we can offer any assistance to help you complete the enquiry, order or transaction, or if we can provide alternative products or services that may be of greater interest to you. We will not store your payment details for this purpose. The legal basis for processing your personal data in this way is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests to promote our products and services to you. When we collect your information, we will give you the option not to receive these emails. Otherwise, we will retain your personal data for 10 years for our legitimate interests of understanding our customers and users of our Websites.
Visiting our premises and attending our Championships
When you visit our premises or attend any of our professional championships or amateur events, we may collect footage of you through the use of CCTV cameras. We use CCTV footage to manage crime and safety and to investigate any accidents or incidents which may occur. We may share your personal data with our insurers, police and other relevant authorities for these purposes.
When you register to use Wi-Fi at our professional championships or amateur events or at our premises, we collect the type of device and IMEI number of the device you use to connect to the Wi-Fi. We collect these to ensure we only present you with the registration page once for the Wi-Fi. Otherwise, each time your device drops off and back onto the Wi-Fi, we would need to ask you to register again. We will retain this information for one year from the date of collection. The legal basis for processing your personal data in this way is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests to provide the best possible customer experience.
One Club
We process the personal data you provide on registration with the One Club to maintain your One Club membership and to provide you with the benefits and services you expect from your One Club membership. This processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you for your One Club membership in accordance with the One Club Membership terms and conditions. We retain your personal data and process it for as long as you are a member of the One Club. The R&A cannot administer your One Club membership if you do not provide the information required by the registration process.
Marketing communications
We may use the personal data we collect as part of our customer relationship with you to inform you by email about exclusive offers and promotions we think may be of interest to you. When we collect your personal data, we will give you the option not to receive these emails. You can change your mind at any time by contacting us or clicking "unsubscribe" in the emails we send you. This is necessary for our legitimate interests for promoting our products and services.
We may also collect your name and email address and other personal data you provide when you register to receive our emails or alerts. We will use this information to send you the emails or alerts you have requested. We will send you these with your consent which we obtain at the point you request these regular updates. You may withdraw your consent to processing your personal data for this purpose at any time by contacting us or by clicking "unsubscribe" in the communications we send you or updating your preferences in our online preference centre. We will retain this information until you withdraw your consent.
If you have consented to receive marketing emails from the official patrons and partners of our professional championships or amateur events, we may share your personal data with those official patrons and partners for those purposes.
Prize Draws and Competitions
We collect and use personal data that you provide to us when you enter one of our competitions to administer the competition including to communicate with you, whether your entry has been successful or not, and fulfilment of prizes. Our legal basis for this processing is your consent which you give on entering the competition. We will retain your information for as long as is necessary for those purposes. If you withdraw your consent, we cannot process your competition entry.
Enquiries, providing feedback or complaints
We collect your name, contact details and other personal data you provide when you make an enquiry or provide feedback to The R&A. We may collect this information via completion of online forms or by corresponding or speaking with us by telephone, email, letter, in person or otherwise. We will use your personal data to process your enquiry, to follow up on your feedback and to resolve any complaint.
When you make an enquiry, we may share your contact details and information about your enquiry with the national and/or local golf bodies for your country of residence or your golf club if we decide that organisation is best placed to respond to your enquiry. This is to ensure that your enquiry is processed efficiently and by the appropriate person.
We will keep your personal data for a period of 12 months from the date of your enquiry, feedback or complaint or the date of our last correspondence with you. This is to allow us to be able to respond to any follow up queries or subsequent correspondence from you on your enquiry, feedback or complaint. This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in providing a better experience for you and others who interact with The R&A and in improving our customer service and our business operations.
The R&A Foundation
We may collect your name, contact details, financial information and other personal data when you interact with The R&A Foundation, including when you make a donation. In most cases, we collect this information from you directly. We will use your personal data to handle your enquiry, to process your donation, to keep you informed about your donation and, where appropriate, to carry out due diligence checks.
Our legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contract with you (if you make a donation), to comply with our legal obligations and where it is in our legitimate interests to pursue our charitable objectives.
We may share your data with HMRC if you have agreed to us claiming Gift Aid on your behalf in connection with a donation. This is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are based in a jurisdiction outside of the UK, your donation may be processed by Chapel & York on our behalf. Where your donation is processed by Chapel & York on our behalf, you will be asked to provide personal data to Chapel & York directly for this purpose.
The R&A Rules Academy, Learning Programmes and Seminars
We collect personal data from you when you register:
to participate in The R&A Rules Academy;
for learning programmes on the Rules online learning platform; or
to participate in any of our Rules seminars or other Rules events.
Where appropriate, we will collect payment information from you and use this to process payment due to us. We will retain your payment details for as long as is necessary to process the payment and any refund due to you.
Once enrolled on a learning programme, we will use your personal data to deliver the programme to you and to provide you with information about your qualification. This processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you for your participation on the programme.
We may confirm your examination mark to a third party wishing to verify your examination mark. We will retain your personal data (but not your payment details) indefinitely, unless you decide to close your account, in which case we will delete your account immediately and you will have to complete the registration process again if you wish to participate in the Rules Academy or use the Rules online learning platform. We have a legitimate interest in retaining this information indefinitely so that we can inform you and relevant third parties about your qualifications.
When you use the Rules online learning platform or participate in The R&A’s Rules Academy or in any of our Rules seminars, your contact details and other relevant information, including exam results, may be accessed by the national and/or local golf bodies for your country of residence. That national or local golf body may use your contact details to contact you about rules seminars, volunteering opportunities and golf events relevant to you. It is in the legitimate interests for those national and local golf bodies to use your data in this way for the purposes of developing the sport of golf in their territory. For more information about how the national and local golf bodies in your territory may use and protect your personal data, please see their privacy policies.
If you have an account for the Rules online learning platform, certain personal data such as your qualifications and learning history may be processed by the technology supplier of the Rules online learning platform.
Your interactions with The R&A
The R&A may use your personal data to obtain a profile of your different interactions with us and to understand your preferences. This is necessary for our legitimate interests of personalising your experience and for tailoring the content, offers and promotions we send to you.
When you visit our Websites or receive emails from us we may automatically collect the following technical information:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer device to the Internet
your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Websites (including date and time);
page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call us;
information provided by cookies. Our Websites use cookies to improve the user's experience while visiting our Websites. Please refer to the cookies policy on each Website for more information:
when we email you, such emails may contain tracking facilities. Activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include but is not restricted to: the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity.
We may collect information in an aggregated form (so that no individual user is identified) for statistical analysis to allow us to understand our customers and improve our services and performance including the functionality of our Websites and user experience.
The legal basis for processing your personal data (as well as pseudonymised or anonymised information generated from your personal data) in this way is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests of providing a better experience for you and other users of our Websites, promoting our products and services and understanding our customers and users of our Websites. We will retain this information for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity.
Applying to our Scholarship Programmes or for Grant Funding
If you apply to any of our scholarship programmes, such as the R&A Foundation Scholarship Programme or Greenkeeping Scholarship Programme, or for any grants that we may offer, The R&A will process the information that you provide on the application form or otherwise to process your application, to contact you in connection with your application and, if you are successful to provide you with the scholarship award or grant funding, as applicable.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data provided on the application is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your application. The R&A cannot process your application if you do not provide the information required by the form.
Where appropriate, we may share personal data that you provide to us with the further or higher education institute at which you are enrolled who will assist The R&A with the application process.
If your application is successful, The R&A will process your personal data to provide you with the award. We will retain your personal data for seven years from the date of the award. Our legal basis for retaining your personal data is that it is necessary for The R&A’s legitimate interest in administering the programmes, monitoring applications and handling any enquiries in the event of any dispute concerning the grant of a scholarship or concerning a successful decision to enrol you on any of the programmes.
We retain unsuccessful applications for a period of five years from the date of the decision not to progress your application for our legitimate interests of being able to respond to any follow up queries on the application and for the purposes of any subsequent applications.
Applying to Work or Volunteer at The R&A
We collect personal data from you if you apply to work at The R&A. We will only use the information you supply to us to process your application, to make a decision about your recruitment or appointment and to monitor recruitment statistics. This may include checking you are legally entitled to work in the UK.
We use your personal data collected during the application process on the following legal bases:
where it is necessary to process your application or to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Those legitimate interests include demonstrating compliance with legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations, use as part of investigations by regulatory bodies, or in connection with legal proceedings and requests, good employment practice and ensuring safe working practices.
We may collect information about criminal convictions as part of the recruitment process, but we will only do so if it is appropriate given the nature of the role and where we are legally able to do so.
We will share your personal data in accordance with the section below “Who we share your information with”. Where we want to disclose information to other third parties, for example where we want to take up a reference or undertake criminal records checks (where appropriate) through Disclosure Scotland, we will not do so without informing you beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law.
Personal data about unsuccessful candidates will be held for six months from the decision not to progress their applications in case of a future vacancy which we may invite them to apply for, following which we will delete it. We will retain de-personalised statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but no individuals are identifiable from that data.
Once a person has taken up employment with The R&A, we will record, process, keep, and securely hold personal data as part of your employee record in accordance with our Employee Privacy Policy (a copy of which will be provided to you when you start with us).
If you have applied as a volunteer or temporary worker at an R&A championship or team event, and you are successful, we will record, process, keep and securely hold personal data as part of your volunteering / work record in accordance with the section below “Volunteers and Temporary Workers at R&A Championships and Events”.
Volunteers and Temporary Workers at R&A Championships and Events
This section of the privacy policy describes how The R&A collects and uses your personal data during and after your engagement with The R&A. It applies to all volunteers and temporary workers for roles at R&A championships and events.
The kind of information we hold about you
We typically collect personal data from you through the recruitment process and in the course of your engagement with us, as well as from publicly accessible sources, via our IT and other systems and third parties such as employment agencies.
We may collect, store, and use your personal data, including:
Personal details such as name, address, date of birth, photographs, telephone numbers, personal email addresses, next of kin, driving licence details and emergency contact information.
Financial details such as your National Insurance number, bank account details, payroll records, tax information, pay and/or expenses.
Recruitment information (including copies of right to work documentation, references and other information included in a CV or cover letter).
Work records (including any terms issued to you and time/attendance records) and CCTV footage.
Information about your use of our information and communications systems.
Images of you taken at a Championship.
We may also collect, store and use "special categories" of more sensitive personal data (which requires a higher level of protection) such as health information and information about criminal convictions and offences.
How we use information about you and our legal bases for doing that
We will use personal data (or special categories of personal data) about you:
To pay you, deduct tax and National Insurance contributions or reimburse expenses.
For operational reasons, to maintain records and ascertain compliance with policies.
To promote the championships and events where we use images and footage of you taken at an R&A championship or team event.
To ascertain your fitness to work, managing sickness, and health and safety obligations.
To ensure information security and to protect our networks/systems and personal data of employees and customers/clients.
For equal opportunities monitoring and to conduct statistical analysis.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly:
Where we need to perform our contract with you, or to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (e.g. our obligations to you as your employer under employment protection and health safety legislation).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of a third party and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Those legitimate interests include demonstrating compliance with legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations, as part of investigations by regulatory bodies, or in connection with legal proceedings and requests, good employment practice and ensuring safe working practices.
We may also use your personal data in the following situations, which will be rare:
Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests).
Where it is needed in the public interest or for official purposes.
We may also process special categories of personal data about you as follows:
In limited circumstances, with your explicit consent.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (e.g. our obligations to you as your employer under employment protection and health safety legislation).
Where it is needed in the public interest, such as for equal opportunities monitoring, or where it is needed to assess your working capacity on health grounds.
How long we retain information about you
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for the purposes we collected it for.
Once you are no longer a volunteer or temporary worker for The R&A, we will record, keep, and securely hold the information provided as part of your application and during your engagement in our Human Resources files for a period of six years after the end of your service with The R&A. This includes your application form, CV, references, contact information, and details of the terms of your engagement, your role, working hours, attendance, pay (if applicable), dates of engagement, any illness records, accidents or injuries. This will also include confirmation of criminal records checks carried out by Disclosure Scotland (which is only requested in limited circumstances).
Retaining this information is necessary to meet our legitimate interests of maintaining work records and good working practice, for dealing with any legal claims and for meeting any legal, regulatory and/or governance obligations.
We will retain details of payments made through our payroll system will for 7 years after the date on which your engagement ends, in line with HMRC requirements.
Information we receive about you from other sources
We work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. We may also receive information if you have provided permission to other organisations to share it with us. Before providing permission to such third party organisations to share your personal data, you should check their privacy notices carefully.
We may receive information from publicly available sources (where possible) to keep your information up to date, for example, from the Post Office’s National Change of Address Database. We may occasionally purchase the contact details of people who might be interested in hearing from us. Before purchasing such information, we will check the wording used when your information was originally collected, to make sure that we only contact people who have actively expressed an interest in receiving information from third parties.
Where you are a registered user of Facebook, we will use your email address in an encrypted format to enable Facebook to find other registered users of their services that share similar interests to you based on: (1) information that we observe about you from your different interactions with us; and (2) the information Facebook holds about you.
Our legal basis for processing information shared with us in this way is that it is necessary for the purposes of The R&A’s legitimate interest in understanding how our business is performing and considering how to improve our performance. We will retain information that we receive in this way for as long as long as necessary for the purposes for which we received it.
Who we share your information with
We may share your personal data with our suppliers and service providers, national and/or local golf bodies, golf clubs and other group companies of The R&A for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only. We may also share your personal data with our insurers, professional advisers, relevant regulators, police and other law enforcement agencies or where the disclosure is required by law. Otherwise, we will not share your personal data with any other third parties without your consent.
Where disclosure to third parties is required by law, our legal basis for processing your information in this way is that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Retention of your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for the purposes we collected it for and for as long afterwards as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations or as is necessary in our legitimate interests to retain it. Therefore, some information may be kept for more or less time depending on how long we reasonably feel it is required for. We have provided information about our retention periods in relation to certain pieces of personal data above. We review these retention periods on a regular basis.
If you ask us to delete your information in accordance with your rights set out below, we will retain basic information on a suppression list to record your request and to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
Links to other websites
Our Websites contain links to other websites which are not operated by us. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The operators of other sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own data protection policy or privacy policy. This privacy policy applies only to our Websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices within any other websites. You should always be aware of this when you leave our Websites and we encourage you to read the privacy policy on any other website that you visit.
Overseas transfers
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. The R&A will take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The R&A to protect personal data for these transfers.
Your data protection rights
Data protection legislation in the UK and EU provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal data. If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal data that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal data that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal data;
port your personal data in certain circumstances;
not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal data. Please see ico.org.uk/concerns/ to find out more.
Contact Information
If you would like to contact us about this privacy policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at
privacy@randa.org
; or
writing to us at F.A.O. Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA.
EU Representative
We have appointed Saltire Data Protection Services Limited to act as our representative in the European Union as required under Article 27 EU GDPR. You can always contact us directly if you are located in the EU and wish to raise any issues or queries you may have relating to the processing of your personal data. However, if you wish to contact Saltire Data Protection Services Limited you can do so by clicking this link to a contact form
https://app.saltiredataprotection.eu/enquiry/rs/randa
.
Dedicated Privacy Policies
Other privacy policies which may be relevant to you are as follows:
Participant Privacy Policy
R&A World Golf Museum Privacy Policy
GolfIt! Privacy Policy
Golf.Golf Privacy Policy
World Amateur Golf Ranking (WAGR) Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.randa.org/participant-privacy-policy:
We value your data and take your privacy seriously.
This privacy policy describes how we use your personal data when you:
enter and participate in an R&A championship or team event;
are a chaperone for a participant in an R&A championship or team event;
apply for accreditation at an R&A championship or team event; and/or
make a scholarship application or an application for reinstatement to Amateur Status to The R&A.
We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal data.
Who are we?
The R&A comprises R&A Championships Limited (SC247047), R&A Group Services Limited (SC247048), R&A Rules Limited (SC247046), R&A Trust Company (No. 1) Limited (SC247045), R&A Trust Company (No.2) Limited (SC247049) and The R&A Foundation (SC247050) (together “The R&A”, “we”, “us” and “our”). This policy applies to any and all of the organisations within The R&A.
I am applying to enter an R&A championship or team event
We collect personal data about you that we need to process your entry to the championship. We collect this information from you via the online entry process or if we ask you to provide further information. This information may include your name, contact details, date of birth, nationality, your handicap (if you are an amateur) and your professional tour, golf club or attachment.
We use the personal data that you provide during the entry process to:
contact you to confirm that we have received your entry and to process your entry and assess whether you meet the eligibility criteria for the championship;
process the payment of your entry fee for the championship. We will retain your payment details for such period as may be necessary to allow us to process any refund of your entry fee or to administer prizes or payment that may be due to you (e.g. if you are not affiliated to a professional tour);
group you together with other entrants to determine the starting field and reserve list for the championship; and
contact you if we have any queries about your entry and to notify you if you have been successful or unsuccessful in gaining a place in the starting field or if you have been placed on the reserve list for the championship.
Your personal data may be shared with the suppliers of our championship management software and online entry platform as part of the online entry process.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data for the above purposes is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your entry to the championship. The R&A cannot process your entry to the championship if you do not provide the information required by the entry process.
For entrants under 18 years of age only, we may use your parent/guardian’s details provided during the entry process to contact them to verify the details on your entry. We do this with the parent/guardian’s consent provided on your online entry form.
We maintain a historical archive and record of entries to R&A championships and team events. For these purposes, we retain a copy of all entry forms submitted for a championship or team event indefinitely. It is in the legitimate interests of The R&A as the organiser of long-standing, prestigious golf competitions to maintain a historical archive of entries to those competitions.
To keep you updated, we may also use information provided on your entry form to provide you with information on Rules updates or similar information regarding the sport of golf including via email. This is not only beneficial for you but it is in the legitimate interests of The R&A, in its governing body role for the sport of golf, to communicate Rules changes and developments in the sport of golf.
I am a competitor in an R&A championship
If you are a competitor in an R&A championship, we collect and use the following personal data about you:
information provided by you as part of the entry process for the championship;
additional information you provide to us during the registration process at the championship by returning the competitor registration form or otherwise;
images and video footage of you taken during your participation in the R&A championship;
scoring, live on-course tracking and performance data collected during your participation in the championship (e.g. greens in regulation and ball position data) for distribution to broadcasters and display on our websites, digital channels, scoring terminals and on-course screens and leaderboards;
scoring and performance data that third parties, including professional tours, provide to us;
occasionally, we may collect information about you from publicly available sources; and
if you submit a Transportation Request Form. For details about information collected via the Transportation Request Form and how it is used, please see the section below on “I have submitted a Transportation Request Form”.
We use your personal data as a competitor:
to process your participation in the championship;
to publish the starting fields and reserve lists and to contact you with further information about your participation in the championship;
to publish the live scoring, on-course statistics (including data collected on the practice range) and final results of the R&A championship;
for the purposes of television, radio, written press and online media coverage and publicity of the R&A championship including as part of television, radio and interviews you may be asked to give as part of your participation in the championship. This may include providing your date and place of birth to broadcasters of the championship;
to promote the R&A championship, other R&A championships and other R&A events, to promote The R&A and its activities and to illustrate The R&A’s work in golf (e.g. golf development activities and education). This includes use of images and footage of you taken at the R&A championship or other R&A championships and events;
to provide your personal data to the golf club hosting the R&A championship as required for the purposes of hosting the championship;
to confirm your participation and provide your scores from the R&A championship to your golf club/attachment;
for internal analysis and research. We use scoring and performance data to inform the content of publications but only in aggregated form so that no individual player is identified;
if applicable, to provide your personal data to the World Amateur Golf Ranking® (WAGR®) to update the rankings and player profiles on
www.wagr.com
. Please see
www.wagr.com
for more information;
to contact you following the championship to request that you complete a feedback questionnaire. We will use the information provided in the completed feedback questionnaire for our legitimate interests of improving the operation of our events;
to administer prizes/payments and to deal with other matters related to the staging of the championship. We may share your personal data with national and/or local golf bodies and professional tour(s) for these purposes. If you are a player who is not affiliated with a professional tour we may ask you for payment details so we can facilitate payment; and
to deal with other matters related to the staging of the championship.
We may also share your personal data collected and used as a competitor of the R&A championship with our patrons, sponsors and partners for their use for the above purposes only.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data for the above purposes is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your participation in the championship unless otherwise specified. For providing your personal data to WAGR®, our legal basis is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of the operation, improvement and expansion of WAGR® and
www.wagr.com
.
On the competitor registration form, we also collect medical information only for the purposes of allowing medical assistance to be given to you if necessary during the championship. We obtain your explicit consent for this but this personal data is also required to protect your vital interests.
For competitors under 18 years of age only, we may use your parent/guardian’s details provided on the competitor registration form to contact them to verify the details on form.
Retention periods:
The competitor registration forms and the emergency contacts details and medical information contained on those forms are retained until after the championship and are destroyed no later than 31 December of that year.
The other information shall be retained for as long as it is required for the purposes above.
I am competing in an R&A team event
We collect personal data about you that we need as part of your selection and participation in an R&A team event, such as the Vagliano Trophy. We collect this information from national golf federations, via the team member registration form and from publicly available websites. This information includes your contact details, date of birth, place of birth, nationality and your golf club or attachment.
We use your personal data as a team member:
to contact you to inform you that you have been selected as a team member and to confirm this to your national golf federation and golf club;
for the purposes of your travel to and from and participation in the R&A team event including to arrange your travel to and from the R&A team event;
to publish the starting fields and reserve lists and to contact you with further information about your participation in the event;
to publish the team selection, the live scoring and final results of the R&A team event;
for the purposes of television, radio, written press and online media coverage and publicity of the R&A team event including as part of television, radio and other interviews you may be asked to give as part of your participation in the team event. This may include providing your date and place of birth to broadcasters of the event;
to promote the R&A team event, other R&A championships and other R&A events, to promote The R&A and its activities and to illustrate The R&A’s work in golf, e.g. golf development activities and education. This includes use of images and footage of you taken at the R&A team event or other R&A championships and events;
to provide personal data to the golf club hosting the R&A team event as required for the purposes of hosting the event;
if applicable, to provide your personal data to WAGR® to update the rankings and player profiles on
www.wagr.com
. Please see
www.wagr.com
for more information;
to contact you following the event to request that you complete a feedback questionnaire. We will use the information provided in the completed feedback questionnaire for our legitimate interests of improving the operation of our events; and
to deal with other matters related to the staging of the event. We may share your personal data with national and/or local golf bodies for these purposes.
We may also share your personal data collected and used as a competitor in an R&A team event with our patrons, sponsors and partners for their use for the above purposes only.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data for the above purposes is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your participation in the team event unless otherwise specified. For providing your personal data to WAGR®, our legal basis is that it is necessary for the legitimate interests of the operation, improvement and expansion of WAGR® and
www.wagr.com
.
On the team member registration form, we also collect medical information only for the purposes of allowing medical assistance to be given to you if necessary during your travel to and from and for your participation in the team event. We obtain your explicit consent for this but this personal data is also required to protect your vital interests.
For competitors under 18 years of age only, we may use your parent/guardian’s details provided on the team member registration form to contact them to verify the details on form.
Retention periods:
The team member registration forms and the emergency contacts details and medical and disability information contained on those forms are retained until after the team event and are destroyed no later than 31 December of that year.
The other information shall be retained for as long as it is required for the purposes above.
To keep you updated, we may also use information provided on your team member registration form to provide you with information on Rules updates or similar information regarding the sport of golf including via email. This is not only beneficial for you but it is in the legitimate interests of The R&A in its governing body role for the sport of golf, to communicate Rules changes and developments in the sport of golf.
I am a chaperone of a participant for an R&A championship or team event
We collect personal data about you that we need to process your attendance at the championship or team event in your role as a chaperone. This includes arranging accommodation for you and the provision of R&A branded clothing to you and processing any refund that may be due to you. We collect this information from you via the chaperone form provided to you or if we ask you to provide further information. This information includes your contact details and payment details and your image. We may also use the information to contact you in connection with the R&A championship or team event.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data provided on the chaperone form is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your role as a chaperone for a competitor in an R&A championship or team event. The R&A cannot make any arrangements for you in connection with your role as a chaperone if you do not provide the information requested in the chaperone form or otherwise.
We will retain the information provided on the chaperone form for the duration of the R&A championship or team event and for 12 months after the event. It is in our legitimate interests as the organiser of the event to retain the information for this period to ensure that we can deal with any refunds or enquiries from chaperones following the event. We will retain a record of your attendance at an R&A event as a chaperone indefinitely because this is necessary to meet our legitimate interests of maintaining records and meeting any legal, regulatory and/or governance obligations.
I am applying for accreditation at an R&A championship or team event
We collect personal data from you when you apply for accreditation at an R&A championship or team event, including your name, date of birth, postal address, email address, telephone number, company, job title and photograph. We use this information to administer accreditation for the relevant event and to contact you about your application, including to inform you of the outcome.
Our legal basis for processing this personal data is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by the accreditation application and to comply with our legal obligations. We will not be able to provide you with accreditation if you do not provide us with the information requested, which means you may not be permitted to participate in the championship or team event or enter the host venue. In some cases, this may lead to your accreditation being de-activated.
If we grant you accreditation, your personal data may be passed to the following third parties as part of the accreditation process:
our accreditation technology supplier;
our ticketing system supplier; and
our access control technology supplier.
We retain accreditation information for up to 10 years after submission of your application.
I have submitted a Transportation Request Form
If you submit a Transportation Request Form to request permission to ride or use a form of transportation during an R&A championship or team event, we will use the information provided on that Form and in any supporting documentation to assess and process your request in accordance with that Form. Our legal basis for processing this information is your explicit consent and this information will be held until after the R&A championship or team event and will be destroyed no later than three months after the R&A championship or team event.
I am applying for a scholarship from The R&A
We use the personal data provided on a scholarship application form to process your application, to contact you in connection with your application and, if you are successful, to provide you with the award.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data provided on a scholarship application is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your scholarship application. The R&A cannot process your application if you do not provide the information required by the form.
After we receive your application, we will contact the administrator specified on your application form to discuss your application. If your application is successful, we may provide your personal data to your administrator to facilitate payment of the award to you.
We retain unsuccessful scholarship applications for a period of five years and we retain successful applications for a period of seven years from the last date of payment of the award of the scholarship.
I am applying to be reinstated to Amateur Status
We use the personal data provided on an application form to process your application in accordance with Procedure for Reinstatement of Amateur Status and to contact you about your application including to inform you of the outcome.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data provided on an application form is that it is necessary for our relationship with you established by your application. The R&A cannot process your application if you do not provide the information required by the form.
We provide details of your application to your home union and the professional association that you are a member of to allow them to support your application.
We retain successful and unsuccessful applications indefinitely in order to monitor your changes in professional status.
Who we share your personal data with
We will share your personal data with our suppliers and service providers and group companies of The R&A for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only.
We may also share your personal data with our insurers, professional advisers, relevant regulators, police and other law enforcement agencies or where the disclosure is required by law. Otherwise, we will not share your personal data with third parties without your consent.
Where we hold your data internationally
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. We take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The R&A to protect personal data for these transfers.
Your rights
Data protection legislation in the EU and UK provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal data. If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal data that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal data that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal data;
port your personal data in certain circumstances;
not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal data. Please see
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
to find out more.
Contact information
If you would like to contact us about this policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at
privacy@randa.org
; or
writing to us at Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep this privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our website. This privacy policy was last updated in August 2023.
EU Representative
We have appointed Saltire Data Protection Services Limited to act as our representative in the European Union as required under Article 27 EU GDPR. You can always contact us directly if you are located in the EU and wish to raise any issues or queries you may have relating to the processing of your personal data. However, if you wish to contact Saltire Data Protection Services Limited you can do so by clicking this link to a contact form
https://app.saltiredataprotection.eu/enquiry/rs/randa
.
Our Cookies
Accepting all cookies will ensure you have the best experience possible when visiting Randa.org
Some of these cookies are necessary to make our site work, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
ACCEPT COOKIES
Manage your
cookie settings
Cookie Policy
Sub-policy 1
https://www.worldgolfmuseum.com/privacy-policy:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Loading...
Privacy Policy
We value your data and take your privacy seriously.
This privacy policy applies to The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews Trust (SC102624) and Golf Museum Services Limited (SC488042) ("The R&A", "we", "us" and "our"). It explains how The R&A uses your personal data when you interact with our Websites (
www.worldgolfmuseum.com
and
www.theniblick.com
) or otherwise, including when you visit the R&A World Golf Museum ("Museum"), the R&A Shop in the Museum ("Shop") and The Niblick Restaurant and Bar ("Restaurant").
We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this privacy policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal data.
Types of personal data we collect
We may collect, use and store the following types of personal data about you:
Type of personal data
Description
Identity data
ID information including your name and title
Contact data
Contact details including your home address, work address, email address and telephone number
Booking data
Information that you provide when you make a booking online or in-person, or when you register to participate in a focus group, research project, exhibition or other event we may be hosting
Communications data
What we learn about you from communications between us
Consents data
Any permissions, consents or preferences that you give us including those relating to marketing from the Museum, the Shop or the Restaurant
Transactional data
Details about payments from you and goods and services you purchase from us
Usage data
Information about how you use our Websites and free public Wi-Fi including the type of device, MAC address and name of the device you use to connect to the Wi-Fi
Where we collect personal data from
We may collect personal data about you when you:
purchase a ticket for the Museum or an item from the Shop, or book a table at the Restaurant;
purchase a voucher for the Museum, Shop or Restaurant;
visit the Museum or Restaurant, including when you use our free public Wi-Fi;
donate, loan or sell an item to the Museum;
register for, attend and participate in focus groups, research projects, exhibitions and other events that we may be hosting, including events and activities in the learning room at the Museum;
sign a photo and video consent form;
make an enquiry or provide feedback;
sign up to receive newsletters, emails or alerts;
enter prize draws or competitions;
choose to complete any surveys we send you; and
submit a request to film on our premises.
When you make a purchase, including from the Museum, the Shop or the Restaurant, we will collect your payment details in order to process your payment.
How we use your personal data
The table below explains how we use your personal data and our reasons. Where these reasons include legitimate interests, we explain what these legitimate interests are.
What we use your information for
Our reasons
Our legitimate interests
To facilitate bookings that you make at the Museum or Restaurant and other transactions including purchases in the Shop
Contractual performance
Legitimate interests
To provide you with a ticket to the Museum, facilitate your table reservation and otherwise fulfil your booking or transaction
To process your payment and any refund that may be due
To keep our records up to date
To manage donations, loans and the sale of items to the Museum
To keep a record of donations, loans and items held by us
To seek your consent to display your name next to the item you have donated or loaned to us
Consent (if you donate an item we will ask for this when you complete a Transfer of Title / Entry form)
Legitimate interests
To confirm ownership (and any associated rights) of items left with us or obtain legal title to them
To document provenance and contextual information
To recognise your generosity to the Museum
To contact you about the item you have donated, loaned or sold, including to renew loans
To run our business efficiently and properly, including financial administration, planning, communications, corporate governance and audit
Legal obligation
Contractual performance
Legitimate interests
For financial reporting and accounting
To be efficient about how we manage our relationship with you and fulfil our responsibilities
To improve our efficiency and our products and services
To provide you with information that you may ask for and to follow up on information that you provide to us
Legitimate interests
To process any enquiry that you may make
To follow up on feedback that you provide in relation to our Websites or your experience at the Museum, Shop or Restaurant
To improve the experience at the Museum, Shop and Restaurant and our Websites for you and other visitors
To register you for and allow you to attend and participate in focus groups, research projects, exhibitions and other events that we may be hosting
Where appropriate, to record certain events (e.g. focus groups) so that they are available to watch again
Consent
Legitimate interests
To run and manage our events
To contact you and provide you with information about the event
To ensure an accurate minute of an event is taken and to allow others to view it remotely. We will inform you before the start of the event if it is being recorded
To send marketing communications to you and for other marketing and business development activities
To manage our marketing databases
To manage marketing preferences and keep our records up to date
To administer any competitions that you enter, including to communicate with you and to fulfil prizes
Consent
Soft opt-in (where we have an existing relationship that allows us to send electronic marketing to you on an opt-out basis)
Legitimate interests
To promote the Museum, Shop and Restaurant and keep you up to date with news, offers and events
For data management, marketing and business development purposes
To improve our systems and services
To seek feedback
To seek your consent when we need it to contact you
To ensure your health and safety when on our premises
To report any incidents on our premises
Legal obligations
Vital interests
Legitimate interests
To ensure your health and safety whilst on our premises
To ensure a safe working environment for our staff
To notify our insurers, regulators and other interested parties
To prevent crime and for public safety, including through the use of CCTV on our premises
Legal obligation
Legitimate interests
To manage crime and safety for the benefit of us, our employees and our customers
To report criminal activity
To be efficient about fulfilling our responsibilities generally
To improve our Websites and the products and services that we offer through data analytics
Legitimate interests
Consent
To better understand our customers and ensure that we meet their needs
To improve our marketing strategy and the products and services that we provide
At events hosted at the Museum, Shop or Restaurant, a photographer may be present to capture images, some of which may include images of visitors or guests. Where possible, we will seek your permission to use your image on any of our promotional material or marketing campaigns. However, we have a legitimate interest to use those images for the purposes of promoting and marketing the Museum, Shop and Restaurant in accordance with both our charitable and commercial purposes and we will retain those images for as long as is necessary for those purposes.
Our Websites use cookies. For more information on our cookies use, please read our cookies policies which can be accessed on each Website.
Who we share your personal data with
We will share your personal data with our suppliers and service providers and group companies of The R&A for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only, including:
ResDiary for the provision of Restaurant bookings;
payment processors that we use in the Museum, Shop and the Restaurant; and
email marketing service providers.
We may also share your personal data with our insurers, professional advisers, relevant regulators, police and other law enforcement agencies or where the disclosure is required by law. Otherwise, we will not share your personal data with any third parties without your consent.
How long we keep your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. We have set out some retention periods in relation to your personal data below:
If you donate or lend an item to the Museum, we will keep your name and contact details indefinitely for historical archive purposes. We have a legitimate interest in keeping and maintaining a record of donations and loans received by the Museum.
If you provide us with feedback via surveys or otherwise, we will keep your name, your comments and any other personal data that you provide to us for as long as is necessary to address your feedback and to respond to any follow up queries or subsequent correspondence with you on your feedback.
If you make an enquiry or a complaint, we will keep your name, contact details and any other personal data you provide to us for as long as is necessary to resolve the enquiry or complaint.
If you make a purchase at the Museum, Shop or the Restaurant, we will keep your name, payment details and any other personal data you provide to us (including our copy of your credit/debit card slip) for as long as is necessary to fulfil the transaction and process any refunds due to you.
If you sign a photo and video consent form, we will keep a copy of the consent form with your name and contact details until such time as the photo is not required and deleted or you withdraw consent.
If you ask us to delete your information in accordance with your rights set out below, we will retain basic information on a suppression list to record your request and to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
Where we hold your data internationally
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. We take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The R&A to protect personal data for these transfers.
Your data protection rights
Data protection legislation in the UK and EU provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal data. If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal data that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal data that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal data;
port your personal data in certain circumstances;
not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal data. Please see
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
to find out more.
Contact information
If you would like to contact us about this privacy policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at
privacy@randa.org
; or
writing to us at Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep this privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our Websites. This policy was last updated in October 2024.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.golf-it.com/privacy-policy/:
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how R&A Golf and Leisure Limited (“The R&A”, “we” and “our”) collects and uses your personal data when you interact with the GolfIt! website or otherwise, including when you visit a GolfIt! facility.
We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this privacy policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal data.
Types of personal data we collect
We may collect, use and store the following types of personal data about you:
Types of personal data
Description
Identity data
ID information including your name, title and date of birth
Contact data
Contact details including your email address and telephone number
Booking data
Information relating to GolfIt! activities that you book through our Website, including your search history and booking history
Consents data
Any permissions, consents or preferences that you give us, including in relation to marketing communications from The R&A and GolfIt! partners
Communications data
What we learn about you from communications between us
Usage data
Information about how you use our Website
Where we collect your personal data from
We may collect personal data about you when you interact with The R&A via our Website or:
when you visit a GolfIt! facility;
if you contact us or provide feedback in relation to our Website or your experience at a GolfIt! facility;
that you provide in relation to any user account you may hold with us on our Website (e.g. when you book an activity at a GolfIt! facility);
if you sign up to receive our newsletters, emails or alerts;
when you enter prize draws or competitions;
when you choose to complete any surveys we send you; and
through the use of CCTV on our premises.
We do not collect or store personal data that you provide when you use a Toptracer driving range bay. This data is processed by Topgolf Limited as an independent controller and you should refer to their privacy policy for information about how they use your personal data.
How we use your personal data
The table below explains how we use your personal data and our reasons. Where these reasons include legitimate interests, we explain what these legitimate interests are.
What we use your information for
Our reasons
Our legitimate interests
·       To register you as a GolfIt! member through our Website or when you visit a GolfIt! facility
·       To facilitate bookings that you make at a GolfIt! facility, including to provide confirmation of your booking
·       Contractual performance
·       Legitimate interests
·       To enable you to book and participate in GolfIt! activities
·       To keep our records up to date
·       To run our business efficiently and properly, including financial administration, planning, communications, corporate governance and audit
·       To improve GolfIt! and the products and services that we offer
·       Legal obligation
·       Contractual performance
·       Legitimate interests
·       For financial reporting
·       To be efficient about how we manage our relationship with you and fulfil our responsibilities
·       To improve our efficiency and our products and services
·       To provide you with information that you may ask for and to follow up on information that you provide to us
·       Legitimate interests
·       To process any enquiry that you may make of us
·       To follow up on feedback that you provide in relation to our Website or GolfIt! generally
·       To allow you to register for events that we may be hosting
·       Consent
·       To hold and manage events to promote GolfIt!
·       To send marketing communications to you and for other marketing and business development activities
·       To manage the GolfIt! marketing database
·       To manage marketing preferences and keep our records up to date
·       To administer any competitions that you enter, including to communicate with you and to fulfil prizes
·       Consent
·       Soft opt-in (i.e. where we have an existing relationship that allows us to send electronic marketing to you on an opt-out basis)
·       Legitimate interests
·       To promote GolfIt! and keep you up to date with relevant news and developments
·       For data management, marketing and business development purposes
·       To improve our systems and services
·       To seek feedback
·       To seek your consent when we need it to contact you
·       To ensure your health and safety when on our premises
·       To report any incidents on our premises
·       Legal obligations
·       Vital interests
·       Legitimate interests
·       To ensure your health and safety whilst on our premises
·       To ensure a safe working environment for our staff
·       To notify our insurers, regulators and other interested parties
·       To prevent crime and for public safety, including through the use of CCTV on our premises
·       Legal obligation
·       Legitimate interests
·       To manage crime and safety for the benefit of us, our employees and our customers
·       To report criminal activity
·       To be efficient about fulfilling our responsibilities generally
·       To use data analytics to improve our Website and GolfIt! generally
·       Legitimate interests
·       Consent
·       To improve our marketing strategy and the products and services that we provide
Our Website uses cookies. For more information on our cookies use, please read our cookies policy which can be accessed at
https://www.golf-it.com/cookie-policy/
.
Who we share your personal data with
We will share your personal data with our suppliers and service providers and group companies of The R&A for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only, including:
the provider of the booking system on our Website;
email marketing service providers; and
security contractors at any GolfIt! facility.
We may also share your personal data with our insurers, professional advisers, relevant regulators, police and other law enforcement agencies or where the disclosure is required by law. Otherwise, we will not share your personal data with any other third parties without your consent.
How long we keep your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
Where we hold your data internationally
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. We take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The R&A to protect personal data for these transfers.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children as defined by local law, and we do not target our Website at children.
If The R&A has knowledge that personal data about a child has been collected without appropriate parental consent, then The R&A will take the appropriate steps to delete such information. The consent of a child’s parent or guardian is required to register for a GolfIt! account and book activities at a GolfIt! facility.
Your rights
Data protection legislation in the UK and EU provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal data. If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal data that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal data that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal data;
port your personal data in certain circumstances;
not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal data. Please see
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
to find out more.
Contact information
If you would like to contact us about this privacy policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at
privacy@randa.org
; or
writing to us at Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep this privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our Website. This privacy policy was last updated on July 2022.
Get in the know!
Sign up now to keep up to date with Golfit!
Email
*
Acceptance
*
By ticking this you agree to our
privacy policy
.
Top
Notifications
Sub-policy 3
https://global.golf.golf/privacy_policy:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how R&A Championships Limited ("The R&A", "we" and "our") collects and uses your personal data when you interact with the Golf.Golf website("Website") or otherwise in connection with the Golf.Golf "Learn to Play" initiative. We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this privacy policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal data.
Types of personal data we collect
We may collect, use and store the following types of personal data about you:
Identity data -
ID information including your name, title and data of birth
Contact data -
Contact details including your email address and telephone number
Booking data -
Information relating to Golf.Golf programmes that you book through our Website
Communications data -
What we learn about you from communications between us
Usage data -
Information about how you use our Website
We do not collect or store your financial data – i.e. details of the payment card that you use to make payment for a Golf.Golf programme. Payments will be made directly to the relevant Golf.Golf venue and processed by Stripe.
The R&A and each Golf.Golf venue act as independent controllers of your personal data. You should contact the relevant venue if you would like to know how they use your personal data.
Where we collect your personal data from
We may collect personal data about you when you interact with The R&A via our Website or:
if you contact us or provide feedback in relation to our Website or any Golf.Golf programmes;
when you enter prize draws or competitions;
when you choose to complete any surveys we send you; and
where you represent a golf club or facility and register your interest in becoming a Golf.Golf venue.
How we use your personal data
The table below explains how we use your personal data and our reasons. Where these reasons include legitimate interests, we explain what these legitimate interests are.
Our Website uses cookies. For more information on our cookies use, please read our cookies statement which can be read
here
.
Who we share your personal data with
We will share your personal data with our suppliers, group companies of The R&A and Golf.Golf venues for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only. This includes the provider of the booking system on our Website and service providers such as Google Analytics. Where you contact us about a specific Golf.Golf programme, we may share your contact details with the Golf.Golf venue responsible for providing that programme or the national golf body for your country of residence if we decide that they are best placed to respond to your enquiry. This is to ensure that your enquiry is processed efficiently and by the appropriate person.
We may also share your personal data with a regulator or where the disclosure is required by law. Otherwise, we will not share your personal data with any other third parties without your consent.
How long we keep your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
Where we hold your data internationally
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. We take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The R&A to protect personal data for these transfers.
Your rights
Data protection legislation in the UK and EU provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal data. If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal data that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal data that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal data;
port your personal data in certain circumstances;
not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal data. Please see
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
to find out more.
Contact information
If you would like to contact us about this privacy policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at
privacy@randa.org
; or
writing to us at Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep this privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on our Website. This privacy policy was last updated in March 2023.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.wagr.com/footer/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
WAGR® Privacy Policy
We value your data and take your privacy seriously.
This policy contains important information about how we use personal information about you. We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal data.
Who are we?
R&A Rules Limited (“The R&A”) and the United States Golf Association (the “USGA”) (together, “we”, “us” or “our”) jointly administer the WORLD AMATEUR GOLF RANKING® (“WAGR®”) and together manage this website.
For the purposes of data protection legislation in the EU and UK, The R&A and the USGA are joint data controllers (i.e. the companies who are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal data).
Personal data is shared between The R&A and the USGA for the purposes of administering WAGR® and this website, including the transfer of data between the UK and the US. This arrangement is governed by an agreement between The R&A and the USGA. We also share your personal data with our group companies and our suppliers who assist us with the administration of WAGR® and this website, for the purposes identified in this privacy policy.
You will find our contact details at the How to contact us section below. Please feel free to get in touch if you have any questions regarding this policy or about our privacy practices.
What is this privacy policy about?
This privacy policy explains how we use your personal data in connection with WAGR® and our website at
www.wagr.com
(the “Site”).
WAGR® ranks the top amateur golfers in the world on the basis of their average performance in Counting Events on a rolling cycle over the previous 104 weeks. The data within WAGR® is used by amateur golfers all over the world to keep track of their own and other amateur golfers’ performance, as well as being a valuable tool for event organisers for determining exemptions to qualification for their events.
The calculation of the rankings within WAGR® (“WAGR® Ranking”) is made by us in accordance with our rules, some explanation of which can be found in the FAQ section of the Site. In order to calculate and publish the WAGR® Ranking and to provide news on amateur golf events on the Site, we require to process personal data about players taking part in Counting Events and the scores that they achieve in such events. We also need to process your personal data to determine exemptions to qualification for some of our events, which includes your date of birth and location.
As a user of the Site, you should make sure you are comfortable with the terms of this privacy policy that apply to you as a user. By continuing to use the Site, you accept the terms of this privacy policy. We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. You should check this policy regularly to ensure you are aware of the most recent version.
This privacy policy was last updated in December 2020.
Use of cookies
Please be aware that cookies are used on the Site. Please refer to our policy on cookies which can be accessed
here
.
What personal data do we collect?
Personal Data of WAGR® Ranked Players
As a WAGR® ranked player (“Ranked Player”), we may collect and process the following personal data about you:
Personal data collected from third parties:
Organisers of Counting Events provide us with the names and scores of players participating in their events. They may also provide us with details of the nationalities and dates of birth of those players.
If you are a member of a golfing organisation such as one of the national golf federations, that organisation may provide us with personal data about you in accordance with the terms of your membership of that organisation. This may include your name, address, gender, date of birth, country of citizenship and contact email address.
Occasionally, we may collect information about you from publicly available websites.
If you have participated in an R&A or USGA event, we may use photographs of you from those events for the purposes of WAGR®. We may also receive photographs of you at other golf events from any of the sources mentioned above for use within WAGR®.
Personal data collected directly from Ranked Players:
Personal data provided by you via completion of the Player Information Form on this Site. This includes name, date of birth, school/university and graduation year, e-mail address, telephone number, social media link and a photograph of you. You do not need to provide all or any of this information to be ranked within WAGR®.
Personal data collected from the WAGR® appeals procedure:
Personal data provided to us by you or by a third party (e.g. your parent or guardian, coach, event organiser or national golf federation) in connection with any appeal made under the WAGR® appeals procedure. This may include your name, contact details, date of birth and other personal data provided to us that is considered relevant to support your appeal.
Dates of birth
Where available, we use dates of birth of Ranked Players to categorise those players into age group divisions within WAGR® (e.g. juniors and seniors). The Site also includes the facility for users to filter Ranked Players via age on particular dates.
A player is not required to provide his or her date of birth to be eligible for inclusion within WAGR®. However, the player will not be part of any sub-rankings by age group within WAGR®. Many events will look to the WAGR® Ranking as a first source for their decisions on eligibility for exemptions to qualification and entry to amateur and professional events.
We may disclose dates of birth of Ranked Players to our group companies and national golf federations for administration and analysis purposes and to our suppliers who assist us to administer the WAGR® Ranking and Site.
Personal Data of Site Users
Separate to the collection of personal data about Ranked Players, as a user of the Site, we may collect and process the following personal data about you:
Personal data you provide to us as a user of the Site:
when you provide personal data to us in relation to any user account you may hold with us for the Site such as your email address, username and password;
by filling in enquiry forms on our Site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise including to provide feedback on the Site such as your contact details; and
by signing up to receive our newsletter including your email address (if you change your mind, you can opt out of receiving our newsletter at any time).
Personal data we collect from you as a user of the Site:
We also collect certain non-personal information when you visit and use the Site. For example, we may collect and store your IP address, reference site domain name, and demographic information. We also may collect information including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and usage while on the Site. We will only collect such data in aggregate form so that no individual user is identified.
If we want to collect any other personal data through the Site, we will make it clear when we collect personal data and will explain what we intend to do with it.
How and why do we use your personal data?
To publish and maintain WAGR® because of our legitimate interests in the game of golf.
We use personal data of Ranked Players to:
calculate and publish the WAGR® Ranking on a weekly basis on the Site;
publish player profiles for Ranked Players on the Site. This includes publishing all information provided by you on a Player Information Form including any photograph uploaded with the exception of your contact details, username and password and date of birth (see below) which will never be published by us on the Site or elsewhere;
generate and publish statistics on Ranked Players’ current and historic performance in the WAGR® Ranking including on their player profiles;
publish news on the Site regarding the WAGR® Ranking and amateur golf;
generate and publish the WAGR® newsletter;
maintain a historical archive and record of the WAGR® Ranking and the results of amateur golf events which are Counting Events. For these purposes, we will retain a copy of the WAGR® Ranking published each week and the results of amateur golf events which are Counting Events;
allow users of the Site to filter or re-order the entries on the WAGR® Ranking published on the Site according to age ranges, nationality and location of Ranked Players;
send communications to Ranked Players about the WAGR® Ranking and their inclusion on it; and
review, administer and decide on appeals made under the WAGR® appeals procedure, and to communicate the outcome of those decisions to you and other relevant organisations, such as national golf federations.
The WAGR® Ranking, which comprises a women’s ranking and a men’s ranking for elite amateur players, is offered by us as a global service to golf. Through incorporation and assessment worldwide of both amateur and professional events, the WAGR® Ranking encourages the international development of the competitive game. It endeavours to be the most comprehensive and accurate ranking in golf by effectively comparing players from around the world who may never directly compete against one another.
The legal basis in the EU and the UK for processing the personal data of Ranked Players is that the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of operation, improvement and expansion of the WAGR® Ranking and the Site. Both The R&A and the USGA as the governing bodies of golf have a legitimate interest in promoting and developing the amateur game and maintaining a historical archive of how the amateur game has developed. The WAGR® Ranking is used by many golfing organisations and national golf federations as an initial source of information for their decisions on orders of merit, national team selection and on qualification and entry for amateur events and professional tournaments.
To administer your user account with the Site and for your use of the Site where you have consented.
We will use your personal data as a user of the Site to:
administer any user account that you have with the Site and to notify you about changes or updates to our Site;
where you have opted-in or as permitted by law, send you our newsletter. You can opt-out of receiving such newsletters by clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of them or by contacting us;
contact you where you have requested that we do so or to respond to communications you have sent us; and
allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site, when you choose to do so.
How long do we keep your personal data?
If you are a Ranked Player:
we will retain all of your personal data, including personal data collected during the course of the WAGR® appeals procedure, for so long as you remain ranked on the WAGR® Ranking;
if you are removed from the WAGR® Ranking, we will retain all of your personal data for a period of two years from the point at which you cease to be included within the WAGR® Ranking; and
on expiry of that two-year period, we will delete all of your personal data with the exception of the personal data we require for the purposes of maintaining a historical archive and record of the WAGR® Ranking and the results of amateur golf events which are Counting Events. For these purposes, we will retain a copy of the WAGR® Ranking published each week and the results of amateur golf events which are Counting Events.
If you are a user of the Site:
we will retain all of your personal data for so long as you have a user account with the Site; and
we will retain all of your personal data for the purposes for which we have collected that personal data until we no longer require it for that purpose, when it will be deleted.
Security safeguards
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the purposes described in this policy. If we do this, we will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss, unauthorised access, unauthorised use, unauthorised alteration and unauthorised disclosure.
These include:
Maintenance of personal data in a database on a secured server
Strong password access to the database
The use of IDSafe for the authentication of access to the database
How to contact us
If there is anything in this privacy policy that you would like to contact us about, then please get in touch using the contact details below. In particular, if you would like to exercise any of your rights described in this privacy policy, you can contact us at:
The R&A
by email at privacy@randa.org; or
write to us at F.A.O Data Protection Officer, R&A Rules Limited, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife KY16 9JA.
United States Golf Association
by submitting the contact us form at
http://www.usga.org/contact-us.html
; or
write to us at The United States Golf Association, 77 Liberty Corner Road, Liberty Corner, New Jersey, 07938 USA.
What are my rights?
Data protection legislation in the EU and UK provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal data.
Subject access request
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances. This is called a subject access request. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge except in exceptional circumstances. Please contact us if you would like to make a subject access request. Our details are set out above.
Before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us so that we can locate your personal information.
Deleting or correcting information
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If you would like us to delete or correct any information that we hold about you then please get in touch with us. You will find our contact details set out above.
Objecting to processing
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it any more, or to have your information deleted, or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances. You also have the right to port your personal information in certain circumstances.
Withdrawing consent
Where processing is based on consent, you can withdraw your consent to our processing at any time. This will mean we will not process your personal information any more, but it will not affect the lawfulness of our processing carried out before you withdraw consent. Our contact details are in this privacy policy. Please get in touch should you wish to discuss your personal information.
Unsubscribing from marketing communications
We like to stay in touch with you and may send you marketing communications where you have opted-in or as permitted by law. If you would like to stop or restrict the type of marketing communications that you receive from us then please get in touch.
Lodge a complaint
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal information. Go to
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
to find out more.
Law enforcement
We fully co-operate with the police and other law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our service for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to the police or any other such agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
Linking to other websites
The Site contains links to other websites which are not operated by us. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The operators of other sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own data protection policy or privacy policy. This privacy policy applies only to the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices within any other websites. You should always be aware of this when you leave the Site and we encourage you to read the privacy policy on any other website that you visit.
EU Representative
The R&A has appointed Saltire Data Protection Services Limited to act as its representative in the European Union as required under Article 27 EU GDPR. You can always contact The R&A directly if you are located in the EU and wish to raise any issues or queries you may have relating to the processing of your personal data. However, if you wish to contact Saltire Data Protection Services Limited you can do so by clicking this link to a contact form
https://app.saltiredataprotection.eu/enquiry/rs/randa
.
Your Cookies
Accepting all cookies will ensure you have the best experience possible when visiting Wagr.com.
Some of these cookies are necessary to make our site work, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Cookies settings
Cookie Policy