PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: September 28, 2020
Thank you for playing our games! At Madfut, we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn what kind of personal data we may collect from you, why we collect this data, how it is used, and the ways we collect it. This Privacy Policy applies to all of Madfut’s games, mobile applications, websites and related services, collectively referred to here as the Services.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to personal data we collect through the Services. It does not apply to any information that you provide to or is collected by any third parties. Madfut are not responsible for the actions of third-party people or companies.
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any of our policies and practices, do not use our Services. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on
www.madfut.com
. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the latest Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, including those related to exercising any of your rights, we encourage you to contact us through the support features available within each Madfut game. Alternatively, you may contact us via email at
contact@madfut.com
. Please kindly put “Privacy Policy” in the subject line of your email.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The data we collect from you depends on the Services you use, and the requirements of applicable law.
This section describes the personal data we may collect from you, generally categorized by the source of the data.
Data provided by you directly:
Contact information (such as name, nickname, email address or phone numbers)
Data about your account (such as player username and password for any Madfut account, etc.)
Profile information that you volunteer to us
Your messages to the Services (such as chat messages, support messages, etc.)
Information collected when you contact us via email or other channels, including when seeking support (such as your name, email address, information you provide to allow us to assist you, etc.)
Other data you choose to provide to us (such as data about your game progress, data to identify a lost account or errors within the Services, etc.)
Data collected by us automatically:
Data about your account and game progress, including an automatically generated internal User ID
Your IP address and unique mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, etc.)
Information about your device  (such as manufacturer, device name, model, operating system, browser type, language, etc.)
Information regarding your use of the Services (such as information about in-app events, interaction with different elements of the Services, engagement,  gameplay data, interaction with other users within the Services, etc.)
Broad location and language data (such as information derived from IP address, phone settings, etc.)
Precise geo-location data (with your consent)
Data collected with cookies and similar technologies
Data collected from our partners:
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, Google, Apple’s GameCenter, etc.)
Data to fight fraud, abuse and cheating
Data from platforms that the Services run on (such as Google Play, Apple’s App Store, etc.)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
In order to perform our contractual obligation by ensuring our Services work as intended, we use the data necessary to
Allow you to use our Services
Operate the Services
Provide you with the services you request
In order to provide great Services and to constantly improve them for our users, we have a legitimate interest to use the necessary data to
Improve our Services and user experience
Establish, maintain and manage our relationship with our users
Provide interactive and social features in our Services
Customize and personalize the experience for our users and make the Services more suitable and enjoyable for each user
Respond to our users’ questions, comments, support requests
Inform you of updates, alerts and other information that may be of interest to you
Provide means for online interaction and communication between users within the Services
In order to display personalized advertisements in the Services, we have a legitimate interest to use the necessary data to
Track the content you access and your online behavior in connection with the Services
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Services
In order to keep the Services safe and fair, and to ensure acceptable use of the Services, we have a legitimate interest to use the necessary data to
Monitor the use of the Services to detect fraud or any other user behavior which compromises the integrity of our Services
Take steps to remedy the aforementioned fraud and behavior
Defend ourselves against legal claims and disputes
Enforce our terms and policies
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
We retain your data for as long as needed to provide you the Services, and/or to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or provided. Note that we may retain your data for a longer period as necessary for our legitimate business interests.
DATA SECURITY
We always seek to protect your data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure by implementing appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative measures. Also, please keep in mind that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your data, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted through the Services. Any transmission of your data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Services.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your data with select third parties that assist us in providing the Services and improving the Services, or otherwise participate in the Services, including:
Cloud service providers (such as Google Cloud)
Analytics providers (such as Google Firebase)
Social media companies (such as Instagram)
Advertising partners (such as Admob and other networks)
Other players and users of our Services within social or multiplayer features of our Services
Hosting providers
Additionally, we may be legally required to disclose information to Law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other judicial bodies and organizations.
WHERE WE PROCESS AND TRANSFER YOUR DATA
Our Services are global by nature and therefore your data can be stored, processed in and transferred to different countries, regardless where you are located. Please note that the laws regulating the collection, use, and disposal of personal data vary from country to country, so applicable law in the country where your personal data may be processed or stored may not be as comprehensive or strict as the laws of the country where you’re located. We will try to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data.
CHILDREN
Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13 (or other age as required by local law) We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, do not submit any information about yourself to us. If you are aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at
contact@madfut.com
and put “Privacy Policy” in the subject line, so we can delete any personal data we may have collected as quickly as possible.
YOUR RIGHTS AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM
You are entitled to
Request that we confirm that we have their personal data
Request that we provide you a copy of your personal data in a portable format
Request that we correct, update or amend your data
Request that we delete your data
Object to how we use or share your data
If you wish to exercise any of your data rights, please reach out to us via email at
contact@madfut.com
. Please kindly put “Privacy Policy” in the subject field of your email. We will do our best to respond to all valid requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Please note, that if you gave us your consent to use your data, you can withdraw your consent at any time (for example, turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings, if applicable). However, even if you withdraw your consent, we can still rely on the consent you gave as the lawful basis for processing your personal data before you withdrew your consent.
Additionally, you have several options within our Services and your device settings, including:
You may opt-out of receiving any types of push notifications by changing the settings on your device
You may opt-out of interest-based advertising by checking privacy settings on your device