iScrap App Privacy Policy
iScrap App’s Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
Your privacy is important to us, so when we collect your email addresses or information through communications including online forms, sign up pages, and online data information we will not give your information out to anyone for 3rd party use. The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis.
At
iScrap App
Inc. we provide a range of advertising services to advertisers. As part of those services, we may display ads on our own site, or mobile app. Some of the ads we display are targeted based on your online behavior, including previously visited websites, device type, and location.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visit to our website or other websites.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting
Ads Settings
. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info
.)
For example, when we partner with advertisers, we sometimes target ads or perform statistical analysis according to certain categories or demographic segments based on the pages you view and links you click when using iScrap App related services.
Sharing Information with Other Companies:
In some cases, we share with advertisers and their service providers and partners the information we have collected in connection with their advertisements. We may also share certain aggregated information, such as the number of users interested in an advertised product or service. We share non-personally identifiable information such as location and business type. iScrap App reserves the right to sell or share aggregated or de-identified data with third parties for advertising, research, or similar purposes.
Modifications to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of information about you and will be located here.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes. By continuing to access or use the Site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
You represent that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy. We may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such a disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (ii) enforce or apply our Terms and Privacy Policy; (iii) comply with legal process or other government inquiry, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (iv) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. If you use the Site outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
Copyright And Trademark Disputes
See our Defamation Policy for information about copyright and trademark disputes.
iScrap App Deals and iScrap App Advertising
If you create a business owner’s account on the Site or contract advertising from iScrap App, the iScrap App Advertising Agreement will apply. In the event of any conflict between the iScrap App Advertising Agreement and these Terms, the iScrap App Advertising Agreement will prevail.
Suggestions and Improvements
By sending us any ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals (“Feedback”), you agree that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of third parties, (ii) we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (iii) we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development, and (iv) you grant us an irrevocable, non exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against iScrap App and its users any claims and assertions of any rights contained in such Feedback.
Third Parties
The Site may include links to other websites or applications (each, a “Third Party Site”). We do not control or endorse any Third Party Site. You agree that we are not responsible for the availability or contents of such Third Party Sites. Your use of Third Party Sites is at your own risk. Some of the services made available through the Site may be subject to additional third party or open source licensing terms and disclosures, including the ones posted here and incorporated herein by reference.
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information you’ve provided to them or they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold iScrap App, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, suppliers, licensors and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them (collectively, the “iScrap App Entities””) harmless, including costs, liabilities and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party arising out of or relating to (i) your access to or use of the Site, (ii) your violation of the Terms, (iii) any products or services provided or obtained by you in connection with the Site, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. iScrap App reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any such matter without the prior written consent of iScrap App.
iScrap App will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
What are your data protection rights?
iScrap App, Inc. would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
: You have the right to request iScrap App, Inc. for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification:
You have the right to request that iScrap App, Inc. correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request iScrap App, Inc. to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure:
You have the right to request that iScrap App, Inc. erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing:
You have the right to request that iScrap App, Inc. restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing:
You have the right to object to iScrap App, Inc.’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability:
You have the right to request that iScrap App, Inc. transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: 973-625-0049
Or write to us:
info@iscrapapp.com
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
How do we use cookies?
iScrap App, Inc. uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
Using for Third-Party Ads
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality: iScrap App, Inc. uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising: iScrap App, Inc. uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. iScrap App, Inc. sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The iScrap App, Inc. website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1)
The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at
All About Cookies
.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site. In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website.
The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP Address
Operating System type
Operating System version
Device Type
Language of the website
Web browser type
Email (in hashed form)
Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements. Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers and apps. This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website. Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit
National Advertising Initiative opt out page
. You may also visit
Digital Advertising Alliance website
and
Network Advertising Initiative website
to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at
Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app
to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit
Mediavine Partners
.
Report Price
Report your local scrap price and make your mark on the chart. By adding your scrap prices, you can track what you've been paid recently and inform other local scrappers where prices are.
Upload your Receipt
We’ll take care of extracting all of the information.
Enter Manually
Enter in your price update manually.
Report Price
General
US
CA
Metal Sold
Select metal*
#1 Bare Bright Copper Wire
#1 Copper Tubing
#1 Flashing Copper
#1 Heavy Melting Steel
#1 HMS
#1 Prepared
#1 Steel
#2 Copper Tubing
#2 Heavy Melting Steel
#2 HMS
#2 Prepared
#2/3 Mix Copper
#3 Copper with Tar
#3 Roofing Copper
17-4 Stainless Steel
300 Series Stainless Steel
304 Stainless Steel
310 Stainless Steel
316 Stainless Steel
321 Stainless Steel
400 Series Stainless Steel
500/750 Insulated Cable
ACR
ACR Ends
AL Extrusion
AL Thermopane
AL/ Copper Rads w/Iron
AL/Copper Cutoffs
Alternators
Aluminum #3
Aluminum 6061
Aluminum 6063
Aluminum Boat
Aluminum Breakage
Aluminum Bumpers
Aluminum Cans
Aluminum Clips
Aluminum Copper Coil
Aluminum Copper Radiators
Aluminum Diesel Tank
Aluminum Engine Block
Aluminum Litho
Aluminum Radiators
Aluminum Rims
Aluminum Scrap
Aluminum Siding
Aluminum Thermo-Pane/Break
Aluminum Transformers
Aluminum Turnings
Aluminum Wire w/Steel
Automobiles
Back Panels
Backup Batteries
Ballasts
Bare Bright Copper
Brass
Brass Hair Wire
Brass Heater Cores
Brass Pipe
Brass Radiators
Brass Scrap
Brass Shells
Brass Turnings
Bronze
Bronze Turnings
Burnt Copper
Busheling
Car w/Tires
Car/Truck Batteries
Carbide
Cast Aluminum
Cast Iron
Catalytic Converters
CATV Wire
Cellphones
Christmas Lights
Circuit Breakers
Clean ACR
Clean AL Wire
Clean AL/Copper Fin
Clean Brass Radiators
Clean Brass Turnings
Clean Roofing Copper
Cobalt
Communications Wire
Complete Car
Composition Scrap
Compressors
Computer Wire
Copper Scrap
Copper Transformers
Copper Turnings
Copper Yokes
CPU Chips
CRT
Crushed Cars
Die Cast
Dirty ACR
Dirty AL Extrusion
Dirty AL Radiators
Dirty AL/Copper Fin
Dirty Aluminum Turnings
Dirty Brass
Dirty Brass Radiators
Dirty Roofing Copper
Dishwashers
Double Insulated Cable
Dry Automobile
Dryers
EC Wire
Electric Motors (Aluminum)
Electric Motors (Copper)
Elevator Wire
Empty PC Servers
Enameled Copper
F 75
Fire Wire
Forktruck Battery
FSX 414
Fuses
Gold
Hard Drive Boards
Hard Drives
Hard Drives without Boards
Hastelloy Solids
Hastelloy Turnings
Heliax Wire
High Speed Steel
Housewire
Incomplete Car
Inconel
Inconel 792
Inconel 800
Inconel 825
Ink Cartridges
Insulated Aluminum Wire
Insulated Copper Cable
Insulated Copper Wire
Insulated Steel BX
Invar
Junkshop Extrusion
Keyboards
Kovar
Laptops
Large Foreign Catalytic Converter
Large GM Catalytic Converter
LCD Monitors (not working)
LCD Monitors (working)
Lead
Lead Batteries
Lead Coated Copper
Lead Shot
Lead Wheel Weights
Light Copper
Light Iron
Low Grade Boards
Machine Shop Turning/Iron Borings
Mainframes
MarM247
Meatballs (Electric Motors)
Memory
Mice
Monel
Motherboards
Ni-Cad Batteries
Nickel
Non Magnetic Stainless Steel
Non-Green PC Board
O2 Sensors
Old Sheet Aluminum
Painted Aluminum
PC Board with Steel
PC Boards
PC Tower
Pewter
Plate & Structural Steel
Platinum
Plumbers Brass
Power Supplies
Prepared Aluminum
Printers/Fax Machines
Red Brass
Refined Rebrass & Copper
Refrigerators
Regular Domestic Catalytic Converter
Rod Brass
Rod Brass Turnings
Romex® Wire
Rotors
Scrap Iron
Sealed Units
Semi-Red Brass
Servers
Sheet Aluminum
Shreddable Steel
Silver
Silver Plated Copper
Small Foreign Catalytic Converter
Small GM Catalytic Converter
Solid Core Heliax
Speakers
Stainless Steel
Stainless Steel Breakage
Stainless Steel Heatsinks
Stainless Steel Kegs
Stainless Steel Sinks
Stainless Turnings
Starters
Steel BX
Steel Case Batteries
Steel Shavings
Telecom Equipment
THHN Wire
Tin
Tin Babbit
Tin Coated Copper
Tin Insulated Copper Wire
Unclean Brass Radiators
Uncleaned Auto Cast
Unprepared Cast Iron
Unprepared HMS
Unprepared P&S
Washing Machines
Water Heaters
Wet Automobile
Wire Scrap
Wiring Harness
Yellow Brass
Zinc
Zorba
Remove
USD
CAD
Unit Weight Type*
per Pound
per Kilogram
each
CW
per Gross Ton
Add Another Metal
Submit Price
Return
These scrap prices are for reference only based on market trends and resources. No scrap yards are required to honor or pay these prices. Contact your local yard for their prices.
Accept
REPORT A PRICE
First Name
Last Name
Email
Continue
REPORT A PRICE
What did you sell to
them
?
How much did you get?
$
per Pound
per Kilogram
each
CW
per Gross Ton
Add Another
POST PRICES
By posting prices to the iScrap App Website,
you agree to the
Terms & Conditions
THANK YOU!
These are the prices you reported for
them
Metal
Price
These are correct
OK
Oops, These aren't correct
Edit Prices
HAPPY SCRAPPING!
Sign Up for Price Alerts!
What's wrong with this price?
Price is higher
Price is lower
Price doesn't seem right or valid
This yard does not accept that material
SEND FEEDBACK
OK
Close
We use cookies to enhance your experience. Learn more or adjust your
settings
.
Accept
Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
iScrap App
Data and Cookie Consent
To provide a more personal user experience, we and our
214 partners
use technology such as cookies to store and/or access device information.
      By clicking “Accept,” you consent to the use of these technologies which will allow us and
our partners
to process personal data such as IP address, unique ID, and browsing data on this site.
To manage your consent preferences, please click on the “Manage Settings” button.
      You can withdraw or update your consent preferences at any time by clicking the 
      “Update Privacy Settings” link at the bottom of the website.
We use your data to: Store and/or access information on a device; Use limited data to select advertising; Create profiles for personalized advertising; Use profiles to select personalized advertising; Create profiles to personalize content; Use profiles to select personalized content; Measure advertising performance; Measure content performance; Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources; Develop and improve services; Use limited data to select content; Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors; Deliver and present advertising and content; Save and communicate privacy choices.
Manage Settings
Reject All
Accept
Update Privacy Settings