NV Charts App
Last
changed 25.03.2021
Privacy Policy
german version
We appreciate your use of the NV Charts App, and are committed to
respecting your privacy. When using the NV Charts App some personal
data is collected. We are interested in keeping this process as
transparent as possible to you and like to explain the process to
you. This english version is a translation for your convinience but only the german version of this text is applicable.
1.	Provider
The NV Charts App
and the accompanying services (hereinafter collectively referred to
as „Service“) are offered by NV Chart Group GmbH, Carlshöhe 75, 24340 Eckernförde, Germany
(hereinafter „NV“).
2.	Data Protection
By registering for the service the user agrees that NV and its
contractors store, process and use all data disclosed in connection
with the registration (hereinafter “Account Data”). NV and its
contractors will not divulge these data to any third parties and will
not use these data for the purposes of advertising. Though NV might
contact you, in direct relation to our use of the service, in case of
important chart data or software updates. If the user cancels his or
her account or if that account is terminated by NV, the Account Data
will be stored by NV and/or its contractors for the safekeeping
period mandated by law.
Collecting
Account-Data is necessary to enable us to assign purchased charts and
other information to a user.
The
Service may enable the user to share personal data (position, route,
track, markers etc.) via social networks (eg Facebook). NV is not
responsible for the data protection policies of these networks and
excludes all liability for any violations of applicable data
protection laws by these networks and any loss or damage incurred or
suffered as a result of such violations.
BACKGROUND-TRACKING
The service may allow the user to
to record location-based data in the background. This feature is active when a track is recorded and background recording is enabled in the GPS settings. If you do not
If you do not wish to use this feature, you can disable this feature.
The
Service may enable the user to share his or her position with other
users so that his or her position can be displayed on other users map
display. When activated, the position will be displayed, together
with the deviceID (eg: Ann's iPad, Android 8963,
Bobs PC) and the boat name saved in the service on all users devices
that have the feature enabled as well. If this feature is
enabled NV has to save this data for transmitting purposes and no
longer than one hour. Data is only stored this way, when this feature
is used.
The
Service may enable the user to save personal data on our server
permanently with the “nv-cloud function”. Data is only stored
this way, when this feature is used. This enables the user to
synchronize personal data (routes,tracks, markers) between different
devices. Data used with this function is saved for the same period as
the Account-Data and is deleted whenever the Account-Data is deleted.
Data saved with the nv-cloud function is not visable or accessible by
other users.
NV
reserves the right to store, process, analyse and use the data shared
by the users in anonymised or pseudonymised form.
Changes:
From time to time our
privacy policy may change. We will not reduce your rights under this
Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will keep an updated
version available in the app.  If  changes are significant, we can
provide a more prominent notice.
3.	Contact
If
you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application,
or have questions about our practices or wish to
request deleting of personal data, please contact us.
Contact:
NV Chart Group GmbH
voluntary supervisor data protection: Jeppe Scheidt
Carlshöhe 75
24340 Eckernförde - Germany
email: info@nvcharts.com