Privacy Policy
Last Modified: May 2024
I. INTRODUCTION. REGIONAL PATTERNS (CALIFORNIA)
Llama AI Ltd ("we," "us," or "our") takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains our data protection practices and describes the types of information we may process when you access and/or use the website at
https://chatchat.ai
(the "Website") dedicated to the browser version of the ChatChat AI mobile app at
https://chat.chatchat.ai/
("ChatChat Web").
When we refer to personal data (or personal information), we mean any information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural, or social status.
The scope of the data we process may vary depending on the types of actions and operations you perform using the Website (see Section II for more details). The provisions of this Privacy Policy are applicable to both active users of the Website and to any other persons who visit the Website (collectively, "Users").
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED. WHEN YOU USE THE WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING IMPORTANT NOTICE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), California residents shall have the right to request:
The categories of personal information that is processed;
The categories of sources from which personal information is obtained;
The purpose for processing user personal data;
The list and categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we might have obtained about a particular user provided that the data in the request is reliable enough and allows us to identify the user.
Please use the navigation links through this Privacy Policy:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All about the categories of information, its sources, and purposes of processing >>
Please note that according to CCPA, personal information does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer information.
SHARING
How your information can be shared >>
Please note that all third parties that are engaged in processing user data are service providers that use such information based on an agreement and pursuant to a business purpose.
OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not want us to process your personal information anymore, please contact us via email at
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website.
If you do not want us to share device identifiers and geolocation data with service providers, please check your device settings to opt out as described below >>
REQUESTS
To submit a verifiable consumer request for access, portability, or deletion of personal data, please contact us via email at
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website. Please include in the text of your request the wording "Your rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California.”
When submitting a verifiable request, you should be ready to:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include: name, address, city, state, and zip code, and email address. We may use this information to surface a series of security questions to verify your identity. If you are making a request through an authorized agent acting on your behalf, such authorized agent must provide written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; or (ii) confirm that the personal information relates to you. We may ask you for additional information or documents to verify your identity. We may also carry out checks, including with third-party identity verification services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your personal information. This is regarded as a safeguard measure to prevent disclosure of your personal information under a fake or scam request.
We ensure that personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request will be used only to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request and not for any other purpose. We will keep it for the adequate term reasonably needed for the purpose described above and delete it after the purpose is fulfilled.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Please note that we are only required to respond to two requests per customer each year.
EQUAL RIGHTS
Nothing in the way we deal with your request shall be interpreted as discrimination, which means that we will not set up different pricing or products, or different levels or quality of services for you, if you choose to exercise your rights. However, in some circumstances, we may not be able to provide services if you choose to delete your personal information from our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that may be processed when you access and/or use the Website.
Functional Information
We ask for and process the following information when you access and/or use the Website. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information, it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the Website and perform the requested services.
Authorization data:
If you choose to try ChatChat Web, we will process this data to create your personal account in our system. There is no way to use ChatChat Web without authorization. When you create your account on the Website, you will need to set up account credentials, i.e., login (email address) and go through a verification process. To create an account on the Website, you can also tap the “Sign up with Apple” or “Sign up with Google” button available on the Website. In this case, the information related to your Apple ID/Google account credentials shall be used to sign in to your account. Your email address may also be used for a different purpose, please check the subsection “Email Communications” of this Privacy Policy.
You are allowed to create an account if you have reached the age of majority or legal age in your jurisdiction. If you have not reached the age of majority or legal age in your jurisdiction and you are over 13 (thirteen) years of age, the creation and use of an account may be carried out only with the relevant consent and under the supervision of the holder of parental responsibility for you. It is strictly prohibited to create an account if you have not reached the age of thirteen (13).
Your email address:
You may enter this into the “Enter your email” section available on the Website if you would like to get a free guide from us. We use your email address to send you the guide requested. Your email address may also be used for a different purpose, please check the subsection “Email Communications” of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information:
(name, email address, as well as any other content included in the email) which you may fill in by yourself when you contact us via email:
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website. We collect, store, and process it by our cloud storage provider (Amazon.com, Inc.). We use such information in order to respond effectively to your inquiry, fulfill your requests, send you communications that you request, and perform the requested services.
Payment Information:
If you choose to purchase a subscription on the Website (tap on the relevant button which will open the Subscription Plans modal dialog), the following methods of payment may be available to you:
Payment by card:
If you pay with a card, you will be required to enter your email address, as well as your debit or credit card information, name on card, country or region. In this case, the payment transaction will be processed via Stripe payment system. Hence, some categories of your personal data (including transaction data) are collected, retained, and processed by Stripe payment service provider in accordance with its privacy policy.
PayPal:
If you pay with your PayPal account, you share your information with the PayPal payment system. Please see PayPal’s privacy policy for more details. This information circulates between you and PayPal and remains inaccessible to us.
Additionally, if you have purchased the subscription on the Website and you want to cancel it by contacting us via email:
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website, we may request that you indicate one of the following:
Your email address registered when you purchased the subscription;
Receipt number identifying the payment;
Unique number identifying the invoice.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
When you access and/or use the Website, some information about your device and your user behavior may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, i.e., it does not, on its own, permit direct association
with any specific individual, and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the grounds of our legitimate interest in improving the Website and giving our users the best experience.
We may use third-party automatic data processing technologies to analyze certain information sent by your device via the Website (advertising or analytics tools). Some of them may launch automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, which means any form of automated processing of personal data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences, interests, behavior, location, or movements (see the list of data described below). Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you first access the Website.
Device Details:
When you use a device (computer, mobile phone, or tablet) to access the Website, some details about your device are reported, including “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your device, which uniquely identify your device (but not your personality). Device identifiers enable generalized reporting or personalized content and ads by third parties.
What data may be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type of operating system and its version, model and manufacturer, screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume, battery, battery life, loading time, latency, framerate, device memory usage.
Information about the Internet connection: mobile carrier, network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and duration of sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address, the country code/region/state/city associated with your SIM card or your device, language setting, time zone, neighboring commercial points of interest (e.g., “coffee shop”).
Device identifiers: Identity For Advertisers for iOS devices/Advertising ID or Android ID for Android devices, user identifiers.
Cookies and similar technologies:
When you access and/or use the Website, cookies and similar technologies may be used (pixels, web beacons, scripts). A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access the Website. The text file is then sent back to the server each time you use the Website. This enables us to operate the Website more effectively. For example, we will know how many users access specific areas or features within our Website and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our Website is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you. Third-party analytics tools may use cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of analyzing Website traffic.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the Website. When you use the Website, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including the time and date when you start and stop using the Website, and how you interact with the Website.
Information provided automatically to advertising or analytics tools does not generally come to our control; therefore, we cannot be responsible for processing such information. Please note that some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility.
Email Communications
When you register on the Website, we may use your email address to send you invoices for your subscription purchases. Once you enter your email address into the “Enter your email” section available on the Website to get a free guide from us, you may also receive communications (newsletters) regarding special subscription offers, new features and functionalities, and other news related to the Website on the grounds of our legitimate interest. Sending you newsletters will allow you to stay up to date and receive the latest news about the Website, including about the best price offers. You also hereby acknowledge and accept the treatment of some categories of your personal data (i.e., the information about your name that you provide us, subscription purchase date, geolocation data, activity information, etc.) for market analysis activities, particularly for the purpose of delivering you targeted communications (newsletters) that most align with your needs and interests. You may also unsubscribe, opt-out of receiving communications to your email address at any time by using the resignation link provided in each email you receive from us. Your unsubscribe request shall be honored within a reasonable period of time.
III. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve the Website and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:
(a) To make our service available and ensure the efficient operation of the Website. We use functional information to provide you with all requested services and to ensure the efficient operation of the Website according to its intended purpose.
(b) To improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Website. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our Website.
(c) To communicate with you. We use the information we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e., to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback about your Website experience, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
(d) To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the law. We really want the Website to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks, and enforce our Terms of Use as well as applicable law.
If any new purpose for processing your personal data arises, we will let you know when we start to process information for that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy Policy.
IV. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that while integrating external services we choose third parties that can assure they apply all necessary technical and organizational measures to protect user personal data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from us to any such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log files, device identifiers, and location data with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Website. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide us with the necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our services:
Entity Name
Services Performed
Entity Location
Link to Privacy Policy
Amazon.com, Inc.
Cloud storage provider
U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
Amplitude Inc.*
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
Apple, Inc.*
Authorization tool
U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Analytics and marketing service provider
U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
Google LLC
Google Analytics (tool for Website traffic analysis)
U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
and
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use its services
and
here
(see section ‘Information for Visitors of Sites and Apps Using Google Analytics’) and Google Tag Manager (tool for Website traffic analysis) and Authorization tool*
OpenAI, L.L.C.
AI-generated content provider
U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
.  To learn more information about applicable license terms with respect to User Content, visit
https://openai.com/terms/
PayPal, Inc. / PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Payment processing service provider
U.S.A. / Luxembourg
Privacy Policy
Stripe Inc. / Stripe Payments Europe Limited
Payment processing service provider
U.S.A. / Ireland
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Policy Legal
* Tagged third-party service providers apply only if you choose to try ChatChat Web
In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy options (including opt-out), please consult the corresponding websites and privacy policies.
We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide us with the necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of the Website: as indicated
above we use Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager services that track and report the Website traffic. Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager use different types of cookies to analyze user activity on the Website. If you want to learn more about the types of cookies and other data collected and processed by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager service providers (Google LLC), please visit
here
,
here
, and
here
. Note that we are not responsible for any usage of your data by the above-mentioned third-party service provider (Google LLC) in violation of our instructions.
If you do not want Google Analytics and/or Google Tag Manager to use cookies, you can block data collection by following the instructions provided in Section VIII of the present Privacy Policy.
The Website may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the Website from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from the Website, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective reasons, due to the public interest, or in other unforeseen circumstances:
As required by law;
When we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
In some cases, we may share your information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, contractors, business partners, or other third parties who perform services on our behalf.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or your personal information usage, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
V. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide the Website to users around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Website or our third-party partners may transfer processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data processing that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By using the Website, you agree that we may transfer your personal information to a third country, a territory, or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to an international organization where data protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same level of protection of personal data as your country does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information.
For data storage purposes, we recourse to the services of hosting organizations. We take your privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal data - if possible - before sending it to the hosting organizations for storage purposes. Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security and reliability check.
VI. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for performing the functional service of the Website and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain period (but no longer than the storage purpose requires) if information is necessary to comply with legal obligations (taxation, accounting, audit) or to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud, or other malicious acts.
VII. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. You have the following rights in relation to your personal information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability:
You can request copies of your personal information.
Change or Correct Data:
Where you cannot update data by yourself, you have the right to ask to correct, change, update, or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion:
The user data is generally retained for as long as your user profile is in existence or as it is needed to provide the relevant services. However, specific retention times can vary based on the context of the processing performed. You have the right to ask to delete all or some of the personal data that is held about you.
Restriction of Processing:
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which your personal information is used.
Exercising the right to know about data sharing:
You have the right to know whether your data is shared with third parties. Detailed information on this issue is contained in section IV of the present Privacy Policy; however, if you have further questions in this regard, you can contact us at any time.
To exercise any of the rights described above, you can contact us via email:
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website. Please bear in mind that we ensure the above-mentioned rights only with respect to the information that we physically access and store.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or supervisory authority if you reasonably believe that your rights under applicable data protection laws have been breached. Please note that when you exercise your right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or supervisory authority, you may be required to provide additional information and support your complaint with sufficient objective evidence. By lodging a complaint, you agree to provide sufficient explanation as to what you believe impaired your rights. Additionally, in some cases prior to lodging a complaint with your local data protection or supervisory authority, you may be required to send your initial claim directly to us and ask for clarifications if necessary.
VIII. HOW TO OPT OUT
Google Analytics:
If you want to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics you can install and enable Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Additionally, you can manage cookies and/or delete cookies that might have already been set by Google Analytics through your browser settings. Further information on Google Analytics’ data practices and relevant instructions can be found at
here
(see section ‘Information for Visitors of Sites and Apps Using Google Analytics’).
Google Tag Manager:
If you want to opt-out of being tracked by Google Tag Manager, you can manage cookies and/or delete cookies that might have already been set by Google Tag Manager through your browser settings. Further information on Google Tag Manager’s data practices and relevant instructions can be found at
here
.
Bear in mind that if you choose to disable all cookies, this can affect the Website functions; some of the features that make the Website more efficient may not function.
IX. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data; nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of the Website, you can contact us via email:
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website.
X. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Website is not intended for children. Therefore, we do not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any personal information from children. For the purposes of this Section X, the terms “child” and/or “children” in the context of data processing activities may be interpreted on a case-by-case basis as prescribed by applicable data protection laws. No one who is considered a “child” under applicable data protection laws is allowed to directly provide any personal information to the Website.
As a general rule, we consider a person under the age of 16 to be regarded as “a child” until we have legal grounds to conclude that a person under 16 should be
treated as an adult as per provisions of local data protection rules or based on the parent authorization provided to us directly.
Solely the holders of parental responsibility are liable for preventing their children from providing personal information via the Website without relevant verifiable parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child without verification of the holder of parental responsibility, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you reasonably believe that we might have any information from or about a child, or a child has directly provided us with personal information via the Website without verifiable parental consent, please contact us.
XI. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
XII. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via email:
support@chatchat.ai
or our “Contact Us” form available on the Website.
Llama AI Ltd
Shelton Street 71-75, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://services.amazon.com/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy policy
Amazon Services Privacy Notice
Amazon Services knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
Please note that Amazon Services LLC owns and operates this website and is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. If you have an account on one or more Amazon sites and Amazon cookies corresponding to those sites, information gathered by Amazon Services, as described in this Privacy Notice, may be correlated with any personally identifiable information that Amazon has and may be used by Amazon to improve the services we offer.
As a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Amazon Services follows the same information practices as Amazon.com, and information we collect is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice. By visiting the Amazon Services site, you are accepting the practices described in the
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
.
Sub-policy 1
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/lae/privacy/:
Apple
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Mac Support
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
iPad Support
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
iPhone Support
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Apple Watch Support
watchOS 11
Apps by Apple
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
AirPods Support
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
Apple TV Support
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Repair
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Where to Buy
Authorized Resellers
Service & Support
Consulting
Explore All Ways to Buy
iOS
Apple Intelligence
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on Privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://openai.com/privacy/:
Application error: a client-side exception has occurred (see the browser console for more information).
Sub-policy 6
https://www.paypal.com/us/legalhub/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
Overview
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
How is Personal Information used?
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
Your Data Protection Rights
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Can Children Use Our Services?
Definitions
Our Contact Information
CCPA California Notice at Collection
US Consumer Privacy Notice
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on February 13, 2025
Overview
PayPal, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Information when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, or apply for, or use our Services, like Braintree and Zettle. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Excluded Services, such as Venmo and Hyperwallet.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the
Definitions
section below.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller” or “business”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” or “service provider” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” or “business” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” or “service provider” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree and Zettle), use a Fastlane profile, or when a non-accountholder receives a payment through the Visa+ service from a PayPal account holder (“Recipient”). If you Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Information with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster,  create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Information each time they checkout ("Fastlane").
When you create a Fastlane profile, you are agreeing to let PayPal store your Personal Information, including your name, email, phone number, address information, billing information and payment method details, and other data that may be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can  enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input  your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner or Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners’ and Merchants’ sites, and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as registering for a store or loyalty account using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
The Visa+ Service enables eligible customers with a PayPal account to send and receive money to and from Venmo and third-party Visa+-enabled digital wallets (“Visa+”).
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner or Merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected
from you
, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers
: Such as Name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account or profile.
Records and Financial Information
: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information.
Transaction and Experience Information
: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity and goods or services considered on Partners and Merchants sites, shipping options and associated costs when you check out, purchase history, and order tracking and product information.
Geolocation
: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings.
Internet or network activity
: interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Biometric
: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification, photo identification, or face scans to verify your identity and authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including, for example, verify your identity and authenticate you to meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and Services, recover passwords, update profile info, manage payments and payment methods, lift account limitations, and initiate cryptocurrency transfers.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
: Call recordings when you talk to customer service.
Professional or employment information:
including business information, job title, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers.
Imported Contact Information:
including name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts.
PayPal Account Profile Information:
username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive personal information. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification, Information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences and shopping behavior, based on your transactions and interactions with our Services or with our Partners and Merchants.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, military status.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and Photo IDs or Precise Geolocation.
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies.
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following
categories of sources
:
Excluded Services including Venmo and PayPal Honey.
Third parties: Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions.
Linked Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to PayPal, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your linked accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you unlink the account.
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites.
How is Personal Information used?
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention and to comply with law. We may also use personal data to participate in certain features, that while not necessary for use of the Services, may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, personalize content and offers, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. Some of these features may be offered with an opt-out, or require your consent to enable.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services
: such as to help you send, receive or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, display shipping options and associated costs when you check out, show you your Fastlane profile, account and payment information, send and receive Visa+ transactions, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account or Fastlane profile and to confirm your account or profile and financial information is accurate and up to date. For Visa+, we will receive the recipient's name and payment information from Visa and third-party Visa+ participating digital wallets for the purpose of processing and matching Visa+ payment transactions between participating digital wallets and PayPal. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Information and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorized by you and likely to be successfully authorized by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
: For buyers using our Zettle services (including Venmo Tap to Pay), you may choose to provide us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. If you provide your e-mail address or mobile number to a Partner or Merchant who uses Zettle, we may remember your details for the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store, if you use the same payment card. This is regardless of whether if you have previously bought something from this Merchant or not. This means that your e-mail address or mobile number will be pre-filled in the receipt view for your convenience the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store.
Manage and improve our Services:
for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes.
Manage fraud and risk
: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Associate information about you:
if you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g., Pay Without a PayPal account), we may associate such transactions with your PayPal account if you have one or later establish an account.
If you use one of the following Services: Fastlane, Venmo, and PayPal Honey; we may associate information about your transactions and experiences using these Services to personalize content and offers and improve your use of the PayPal services.
Market our Services
: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information,
including when we associate information about you,
to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you
: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws:
to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Process information about your contacts:
to make it easy for you to find and connect them, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Create an account connection between your account and a third-party account or platform
: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options
: If you agree to let us track your precise location, we can customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-based options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Even if you don’t allow us to track your location, we may still use your address to send you location-based options recommended by businesses that are near to your address.
Develop product recommendations
: We may use insights from purchases and other behaviors on our and our Partner or Merchant websites or apps to develop product recommendations about products, brands, sizes, preferences and styles that we provide to our Partners and Merchants so that they can recommend relevant products to you.
Remember your preferences
: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
Personalize your experience
: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our
Cookie Statement
for more details.
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioral advertising, including any sensitive personal information.
However, we may disclose customer insights, product recommendations, sizes, and preferences to Partners and Merchants to help them and us improve your shopping experience to make it more convenient and personalized for you.
If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
We will also disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
Read more about our sharing practices below.
In addition, we may disclose Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Excluded Services
, including Venmo to provide you with the Services, personalize your use of the Services, to manage our business; or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program.
Authorities
, if compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure; when it is necessary to do so to comply with law; or where the disclosure of Personal Information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of the relevant agreement, or as otherwise required by law that requires PayPal or Excluded Services to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions
, to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard.
Card networks and payment processors,
to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Information will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Other PayPal Account Holders to complete a transaction
. Some Personal Information is disclosed to other PayPal account holders as required to complete a payment transaction. This includes your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, and phone number.
Other Users in accordance with your account settings
. In accordance with your
account settings
or PayPal.Me preferences, your Personal Information can be seen by other account holders and non-account holders (“Users”) to help facilitate a transaction. For example, as part of the send money feature, a User may search for your account to initiate a payment. Based on your account settings, the information shown to other Users may include your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, phone number, city and state, month and year of PayPal account creation, and any additional information you include in the details or “about you” section of your account.
Other Users if you have a business profile
.  If you have a business profile, we will display a payment link and disclose certain information about you to other Users, including your name or business name, profile picture or logo, and the city associated with your PayPal account, as well as total time selling with us, total number of followers, and total number of unique Users that have paid you in the past year.
If you have a business profile, you can choose to display other information to other Users, such as your street address, phone number, email and website, in accordance with your business profile settings.
Linked accounts
, for example any social media accounts you asked us to link or when you link an account with another bank or
financial institutions,
card account, or aggregator
in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users using the Services, pay Recipients using Visa+, or return goods we may disclose information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. We may also disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions.  For example, when you visit a participating Partner or Merchant site or app, the Partner or Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process.
For our PayPal customers
, we may disclose your Personal Information to Partners and Merchants that you and we interact with, to help ourselves and Partners and Merchants personalize services and offers so you can have a better and more relevant experience.  Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, sizes, preferences, and styles we think you’ll like.
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we disclose Personal Information collected you after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences.
To opt-out of disclosures or Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate, but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchant for personalized shopping experiences.
Please note
that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their
service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners' and Merchants' own privacy policies and
procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
Other third parties
, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you share with them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
,
for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, including receivables and debts, we may disclose, under appropriate data protection terms, your Personal Information to an interested or actual buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or is permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
We retain biometric data for as long as needed or permitted given the purpose for which it was collected and no more than 3 years after your account closes, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and generate inferences as described above.
You can disable or decline some Cookies for our Services. But, since some parts of our service rely on Cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or share your Personal Information.
Under applicable data protection law, depending upon the jurisdiction in which you reside and subject to applicable exceptions and definitional differences among various state laws, you may have certain rights about how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared.
We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know your information), right to know third-parties to which we have disclosed Personal Information, correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt-out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information).
Certain state laws also provide residents of those states with the right to opt out of the “sale” (disclosing Personal Information in exchange for money or other consideration) or “sharing” (disclosing Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising) of your Personal Information or use of your Personal Information for certain types of targeted advertising.  Global Privacy Control settings is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. PayPal does not respond to the Global Privacy Control signal because we do not sell or share your data.
We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights; although, certain personalized services for PayPal customers may not provide the same level of personalization with limited data sharing. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we handle your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information,
contact us
or submit your request from your account settings. If you have a PayPal account, you can exercise your privacy rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app.
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information in your Fastlane profile,
contact us
or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at the number provided in our
Contact Information
section.
We’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your
right to request a copy of the Personal Information
. If you want to request the data we’ve collected about you in the past 12 months, you have choices:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and submit a request
Call or contact us
and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right
to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and correct any information that you've previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us
and request that we correct specific information
Your right
to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and delete any information that you've previously added. For example, you may delete your non-primary addresses in your settings
Call us or contact us
and request that we delete specific information
Close your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
If you close your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile, or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information
section so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. The Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. PayPal does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data. Some personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution are subject to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our
Consumer Privacy Notice
for more information about their rights under US federal law.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function.
For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if you shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account or Fastlane profile with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account or Fastlane profile to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account or Fastlane profile for you.
Choose how linked accounts collect and use Personal Information
If you link your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you link to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account.
Choose what we disclose with other Users
Some Personal Information may be seen by other Users. You may be able to adjust or turn off this setting in the Data and Privacy section in your account settings.
Choose what we share with Partners and Merchants for Personalized Shopping
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we share Personal Information collected after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, preferences, sizes, and styles we think you’ll like. To opt-out of Personal Information sharing with Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences.
Choose how we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts or Fastlane profile with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone calls or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal or Fastlane marketing email, opt-out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt-out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account or Fastlane profile's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/Fastlane profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on a linked account connection that you have authorized.
Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 13 or other individuals who are not legally allowed to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money, or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age, for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device.
Excluded Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates, or subsidiaries of PayPal, who process Personal Information in accordance with their own terms of service and separate privacy statements. Examples include Venmo, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Hyperwallet, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, and Bill Me Later, Inc
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services. Pay Without a PayPal account does not include Venmo, which is subject to its own terms of service and separate privacy statement.
PayPal means PayPal, Inc. which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services, and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Information in this Privacy Statement means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means any PayPal, Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, Fastlane, Xoom, Zettle (including Tap to Pay), bill pay, Rewards, sending or receiving money, credit products and services, including those offered with our Partners and Merchants, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Excluded Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s Personal Information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing and/or ACH origination services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Braintree or Zettle services.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161
or
visit our Customer Service web portal
To talk about your Fastlane profile:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555
Or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
To talk about your Xoom account:
Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531
or
visit our Help Center web portal
CCPA California Notice at Collection
Most of the Personal Information we collect is subject to federal and state privacy laws that apply to financial institutions. To the extent the Personal Information is not subject to these federal and state financial privacy laws and to the extent it is collected in California about California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may apply. The following section pertains only to Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA (“CCPA personal information”) and makes statements that reference unique definitions and requirements of law.
This CCPA California Notice at Collection describes: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “CCPA personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose CCPA personal information for a business purpose, and/or (b) “share” CCPA personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” and/or (c) “sell” such CCPA personal information, as applicable.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the sharing or disclosure of CCPA personal information by a business to a third party, for the targeting of advertising to a consumer, based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s CCPA activity across businesses, websites, applications, or services, other than those with which a consumer uses or directs a business to internally disclose CCPA personal information or intentionally interact with one or more third parties. “Selling” is defined as the disclosure of CCPA personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, but does not apply to such disclosures when a consumer uses or directs a business to intentionally disclose CCPA personal information or interact with one or more third parties.
We do not sell or share your CCPA personal information, including any Sensitive CCPA personal information, outside the exceptions.
We also do not sell or share, and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any CCPA personal information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose CCPA personal information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect”, “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3
rd
Parties to which PayPal discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service providers
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Keep your account and Fastlane profile and financial information up to date
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services Personalize your experience
Provide personalized Services
Comply with Laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service Providers, other
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties for business purposes
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with Laws
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Other Users if you have a business profile
Geolocation Data
Send you location-based options
Manage fraud and risk
Authorities
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services,
Communicate with you
Manage and improve Services
Market our Services
Send you locally relevant options
Comply with law
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including to:
meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and services
recover passwords
update profile info
manage payments and payment methods
lift account limitations
initiate third-party crypto currency transfers
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information about your imported contacts
Provide Services
Service Providers
Information in your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
Provide Services
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Display content based on your interest
Better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues
Verify your identity
Conduct risk assessment
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services
Manage risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Communicate with you
Link an account
Market our Services
Personalize your experience
Comply with laws
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal Services for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to Unbranded Payment Services.
Rev. November 2024
FACTS
WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Payment history or transaction history
Credit history or credit scores
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PayPal share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes for PayPal accounts Only
No for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Yes for PayPal accounts Only. We don’t share for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Questions?
Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at
/smarthelp/contact-us/privacy
.
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing
You may limit our sharing by logging into you PayPal account and editing your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
Please note:
If you are an existing PayPal customer who had a PayPal account before November 27, 2024, we only share personal information collected after November 27, 2024, unless you opt-out. We may share information from earlier in your account, which allows for even better personalization, if you affirmatively consent by editing your preferences in your Data and Privacy settings.
If you are a customer who opened a PayPal account after November 27, 2024, we can begin sharing information associated with your account. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Who we are
Who is providing this Privacy
Statement
?
This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and Xoom accounts, and Fastlane profile.
What we do
How does PayPal protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does PayPal collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide account information
use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information
use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks.
Other important information
We may transfer Personal Information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions.
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the CCPA about Personal Information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of Personal Information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Please see our
California, North Dakota, and Vermont Supplemental Financial Privacy Notice
for more information. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your Personal Information. If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a California mailing address, we will not share Personal Information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.
To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our
Customer Service web portal
. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our
Help Center web portal
. To talk about your Fastlane profile, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555 or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
.
Vermont
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Vermont mailing address, We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at
Customer Service web portal
or call 1-888-221-1161
Nevada
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to
/smarthelp/home
. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov
Sub-policy 7
https://stripe.com/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 8
https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Welcome to the Stripe Privacy Center
Stripe respects the privacy of everyone that engages with our platform, and we are committed to being transparent about our privacy processes and policies. We are a platform that enables millions of businesses, and in order to provide our services to our Business Users and End Users, we collect and process personal data.
The Stripe Privacy Center contains the answers to frequently asked questions about how we collect and use personal data, the rights that individuals have in relation to personal data held by Stripe, and how Stripe complies with international data protection laws.
All materials have been prepared for general information purposes only. The information presented is not legal advice, is not to be acted on as such, may not be current and is subject to change without notice.
Below is a list of terms that will help “you” navigate the Privacy Center:
“YOU”
MEANING
STRIPE EXAMPLES
Business User
Stripe provides services to entities (“Business Users”) who directly and indirectly provide us with “End Customer” Personal Data in connection with those Business Users’ own business and activities.
Stripe user or merchant

Platform User

Connect Accounts
End Customer
When you do business with, or otherwise transact with, a Business User (typically a merchant using Stripe Checkout, e.g. when you buy a pair of shoes from a merchant that uses Stripe for payment processing) but are not directly doing business with Stripe, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Individual using Identity

Cardholder using Checkout
End User
When you directly use an End User Service (such as when you sign up for Link, or make a payment to Stripe Climate in your personal capacity), for your personal use, we refer to you as an “End User.”
User of Link

Personal contributor to Stripe Climate
Representative
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User (e.g. you are a founder of a company, or administering an account for a merchant who is a Business User), we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Beneficial owner

Shareholder, officer, director

Account representative
Visitor
When you visit a Site without being logged into a Stripe account or otherwise communicate with Stripe, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” (e.g. you send Stripe a message asking for more information because you are considering being a user of our products).
Stripe Sessions attendee

Stripe Site visitor
Contents
How We Collect, Disclose, and Use Personal Data
Is Stripe acting as a data controller or a data processor?
Which Stripe entities are involved?
What are your data controller activities?
How does Stripe use personal data to improve its products and services?
How does Stripe use personal data to train machine learning models?
As a Stripe User and as a data controller, what does GDPR mean for me?
Who are Stripe’s sub-processors and how are they vetted?
From where does Stripe collect information used for fraud prevention and security purposes?
How does Stripe use and share data to authenticate my transactions?
How does Stripe use Personal Data to prevent fraud?
I heard that Stripe is collecting additional information about my account from a third party and/or my other Stripe account(s). Why is Stripe collecting this information?
Does Stripe collect precise location data?
In addition to its sub-processors, what other third parties does Stripe share information with?
What Business User and Representative data does Stripe share with a payment method to facilitate Business Users’ enabling the payment method?
How does Stripe use Representative contact information to provide its Services?
What data about End-Customers and their transactions is used by Radar and what data does Stripe share with its Radar Business Users?
As a Business User, what notice do I provide to my End Customers about Stripe?
Are there any jurisdictional nuances to Stripe’s use of service providers in verifying the identity of Stripe’s business users?
Data Obtained from Third Parties
Does Stripe Record Calls?
How does Stripe collect information for phone verification?
How does Stripe use personal data for co-marketing End User Services?
U.S. Privacy Disclosures
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed Under the CCPA
What sensitive personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) does Stripe collect and for what purposes does Stripe use that data?
Does Stripe “sell” or “share” my personal information under the CCPA?
How long will Stripe keep my data?
California Privacy Rights Metrics
Stripe Legal Bases Tables
What legal basis does Stripe rely on to process personal data as a data controller?
End Users
End Customers
Representatives
Visitors
Data Processing Agreement
What is a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and how can I get one with Stripe?
Information about Stripe Products
How do you implement Privacy by Design at Stripe?
Stripe Identity
Stripe’s Card Image Verification
Stripe Connect At a Glance
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Does Stripe also collect information about my Custom connected account from a third party?
What responsibilities do Connect platforms with custom accounts have to allow their users to update or correct information associated with their accounts?
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Will data collected from a third party be visible to my customers?
What are Stripe ACS, Transaction Authentication, and Behavioral Biometrics?
Promotional Emails Feature
Stripe Delegated Authentication
Link
Stripe Capital
Financial Connections
Are there instances when Stripe receives non-Stripe transaction history?
Refunds to End Customer Bank Account
Stripe Frontier
Data Protection Officer
Does Stripe have a Data Protection Officer (DPO)?
Quebec Act
International Data Transfers
How is Stripe dealing with its international data transfers?
Is Stripe certified under the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework?
How does Stripe’s certification under the EU-U.S. DPF impact my organization?
How do the SCCs and UK Addendum impact my organization?
How to get a copy of the SCCs or UK Addendum?
What is CBPR and PRP and is Stripe certified?
Why is Stripe storing authentication and authorization data globally?
Your Rights and Choices
How do I exercise my data protection rights?
When does Stripe continue to process data after it has received a deletion request or objection to the processing?
What data may be shared or made available to enable me to see Stripe ads on other sites?
Does Stripe honor the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signal?
Can I turn off tracking and advanced fraud signals?
How do I delete my account?
How do I delete my Custom Connect account?
How do I delete my Express Connect account?
How long will Stripe keep my data?
What is the Privacy Policy for Stripe Media Services?
Does Stripe localize storage of data in India?
Where can I lodge my complaint on data handling in India?
Notification IT Rules 2021
Cookies & Other Technology
How does Stripe use cookies?
What is Stripe.js?
What are advanced fraud signals?
Why are advanced fraud signals not ad tracking?
What obligations should merchants keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
How does Stripe remember payment method details for Link?
What obligations should Link users keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
Does Stripe use CAPTCHA to protect its website from fraud and abuse?
Contact Us
Contact our Privacy Team
Where can I learn more about Stripe’s security practices?
How We Collect, Disclose, and Use Personal Data
Is Stripe acting as a data controller or a data processor?
The answer is both.
The “data controller” is the entity which determines the purposes and means of the data processing taking place. The “data processor” is an entity acting on behalf and under the instructions of a controller in processing personal data.
Stripe is a data controller when it determines the purposes and means of the processing taking place. These data processing activities include (1) providing the Stripe products and services, (2) monitoring, preventing and detecting fraudulent payment transactions and other fraudulent activity on the Stripe platform, (3) complying with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the financial sector to which Stripe is subject, and (4) analyzing, developing and improving Stripe’s products and services. Please see this
Privacy Center article
for more information on Stripe’s controller activities.
Stripe is a data processor where it is facilitating payment transactions on behalf of and at the direction of a Business User. Our Business Users direct us to take payment from cardholders / End Customers.
Stripe is considered a processor when directed to process payments (i.e., Stripe receives instructions about whom to pay, how much to pay, when to pay).
As a platform provider, we need to ensure consistency across our platform, and that includes consistency with respect to the commitments that we give about how we operate our platform. We contract with all of our Business Users (including some of the world’s largest companies) on this basis.
Which Stripe entities are involved?
For most of our services, either Stripe, Inc., the US parent company operating under US law, or Stripe Payments Europe, Limited (“SPEL”), an Irish company operating under Irish law, is the data controller responsible for Personal Data collected and processed in relation to Stripe Services.
The Stripe entity responsible for your data will depend on your location, the product or service you use with us and whether Stripe is acting as a controller and/or data processor.
If you are located outside of the Americas (e.g., European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom, countries located in Asia Pacific (“APAC”)), SPEL is the primary entity responsible for the processing of your personal data. Some of the payment processing services offered by Stripe are services that may be only provided for by an authorised payment services provider or electronic money institution. In this case, SPEL and the Stripe local regulated entity (defined as those who are licensed, authorized or registered by a Local Regulatory Authority) will act as joint controllers of your Personal Data.
Please see our table below for more information on who is your controller in these jurisdictions:
LOCATION OF USER
PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
NAME OF STRIPE ENTITY
LOCATION OF STRIPE ENTITY
EEA
Provision of certain authorised payment services in the EEA and Switzerland
Please see
https://stripe.com/ie/ssa
Stripe Technology Europe, Limited (the e-money licensed entity with the Central Bank of Ireland)
Ireland
EEA
All other activities.
SPEL
Ireland
United Kingdom & Switzerland
Provision of authorised payment services in the UK.
Please see
https://stripe.com/gb/ssa
Stripe Payments UK, Ltd. (the e-money licensed entity with the UK FCA)
United Kingdom
United Kingdom & Switzerland
All other activities.
SPEL
Ireland
Stripe affiliates also provide local support services in certain countries where Stripe operates. These entities act as data processors on behalf of Stripe, Inc. or SPEL, depending on the jurisdiction. You will find the most up-to-date list of the Stripe affiliates on this
page
.
For certain products, Stripe may act as an independent controller (e.g. Stripe Capital), a data processor or both (e.g. Stripe Identity). Please see the Privacy Center article for each specific product for more information.
What are your data controller activities?
Providing the Stripe products and services to Business Users and End Users, including determining the third parties (banks and payment method providers) to be utilized;
Monitoring, preventing and detecting fraudulent payment transactions and other fraudulent activity on the Stripe platform;
Complying with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the financial sector to which Stripe is subject, including applicable anti-money laundering screening and compliance with know-your-customer obligations; and
Analyzing, developing and improving Stripe’s products and services.
How does Stripe use personal data to improve its products and services?
Stripe collects data, including personal data, while providing services to its users.  Stripe uses some of the data it collects to improve its products and services, including by training the models it employs for fraud and loss prevention and to analyze the performance of Stripe’s products as permitted by applicable law and agreements.
Personal data is required to train Stripe’s fraud and loss prevention models, including those employed by Stripe Radar and Stripe Identity.  These products rely in part on their ability to recognize certain characteristics that help determine whether a transaction is fraudulent or unlikely to complete.  For example, they compare Personal Data presented in a specific transaction to Personal Data collected in the past to identify when a fraudster is attempting to perpetrate fraud, including to impersonate a Stripe User or their End Customers.
In addition to using Personal Data to train its fraud and loss prevention models, Stripe also uses transaction data to assess the functioning of its current products and proposed product improvements.  For instance, Stripe uses data collected by its java script library stripe.js to assess the performance of the checkout surfaces it provides to Business Users, and payment authorization data to evaluate ways to improve authorization rates for Business Users.
Stripe uses Personal Data, such as IP address, to identify which pages and features a user interacted with during a checkout session, so that it can assess the effect different features have on the outcome of a checkout session.
Stripe uses pseudonymized or aggregated transaction data for these purposes in certain circumstances.  When Stripe communicates the results of its product performance analytics to Business Users or for advertising purposes, it does so only in aggregated or de-identified form that does not permit third-parties outside of Stripe to associate that data with any particular End Customers.
You should consult your legal counsel regarding how best to disclose Stripe’s data usage to your customers.  But, here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy policy if it doesn’t already include such a disclosure:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services.  Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies.  The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services.  You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
How does Stripe use personal data to train machine learning models?
We train machine learning models that we deploy for a number of purposes, including to prevent fraud and other harm to Stripe, Users, and others, increase authorization rates and revenue realization for Business Users, provide and improve User experience on other Services, and identify when Business Users may benefit from services they are not currently using.
Preventing Fraud
We train machine learning models to prevent fraud in a number of ways, using different kinds of data appropriate to the kinds of fraud we are trying to prevent.  These fraud prevention models include:
Our transaction fraud models which power Stripe Radar and are trained to recognize transaction fraud, including card testing and card cashing.  We train such models using data related to activity that individuals and businesses have conducted on our Services. We also use information from third party and publicly available sources including those related to data compromises and fraud attacks.  The training data may include payments transaction data, such as names, addresses, location based on IP addresses, and payment method information,
advanced fraud
detection data, Financial Connections data, and signals from third party providers regarding whether consumer transaction details and device information may have been compromised, fabricated, or associated with fraud.  Using such details enables our models to recognize patterns in the information we receive at the time of a transaction that may indicate fraud attacks.
Our authorization fraud models which we use to provide advanced fraud tools to Stripe Issuing users.  We train these models using data related to activity conducted using cards issued through the Stripe Issuing program.  This training data may include transaction data, accountholder data, authorized user data, and merchant information, such as names, email addresses, card details, addresses, and histories of authorizations, declines, and disputes.  Based on these features, our models evaluate the circumstances surrounding a transaction presented for authorization on a Stripe Issuing card to score the risk that a given transaction is attempted without authorization.  Issuing users can leverage these scores to determine whether to block or allow transactions attempted on cards issued for them.
Business User risk models that identify when prospective Business Users may pose a heightened risk of fraud and other losses to Stripe, Users, and other participants in the financial ecosystem.  We train these models using risk signals related to Business User and Representative details, such as names, email addresses, dates of birth, physical addresses, bank account information, and device details, business information, such as industry information and website content, patterns of activity on our Services, including payments, disputes, and past fraud actions,
advanced fraud
signals collected when a Business User or Representative accesses our sites, and signals indicating that Business User or Representative details may be compromised, fabricated, or associated with fraud.  We collect this data from our Services and publicly available and third-party sources.  Training on such data allows our models to recognize usage patterns by Business Users that can be indicative of potential fraud and other behavior that may cause losses.
Increasing Authorization and Revenue Realization
We train machine learning models to increase authorization rates and revenue realization for Business Users who use our payments products.  Models we train for these purposes include:
Models that power Stripe Billing’s Smart Retries feature.  This feature uses machine learning to identify the best time to re-attempt a failed subscription payment.  We train the Smart Retries models on data from past transactions on Stripe to identify the times at which transactions associated with a customer’s card details, name, email address, IP address, billing address, and shipping address have been successful.  This model may be trained on features indicating the time and outcome of past transactions, card features, such as address, bin, and card type, user device features, such as IP address and user agent, and transaction features, such as the amount, subscription type and history, and product description.  We also use location based on IP address as calculated by third-party service providers.   Based on this information, Smart Retries recommends to users when may be the best time to make another attempt at processing a failed subscription payment.
Models that power Stripe Payments’s Adaptive Acceptance feature.  We use these models to determine whether to reattempt charges that a card network or issuing bank rejected on the first attempt and to automatically select the optimal protocol optimization and authentication pathway for the transaction.  We train the models using data from past transactions on Stripe, including features related to the history of authorizations and declines we have observed for the card, customer, or merchant involved in the transaction, transaction features such as the merchant, amount of the charge, and the reason it was declined, and card features such as the bin, issuer, and expiry date.  Based on these features, the models calculate the probability that a charge will be successful if submitted at different times and according to different protocols. We use this probability of authorization to determine how to submit the charge to maximize profit for Stripe and its Users.
Providing Other Services
We train machine learning models to power other Services such as:
Stripe Identity, which uses machine learning models to match verification subjects with their photo ID documents.  These models compare biometric features in the selfies with those in the documents and spot features common to fraudulent verification attempts, such as images where the subject’s face is obscured by a mask or the document has been modified or does not match a known format.  We train Identity’s models using images from verification subjects who have consented to our using their data to improve Stripe Identity.
Instant Bank Payments, which uses machine learning models to evaluate the risk that someone is attempting to misuse the service by conducting a transaction using a bank account they are not authorized to use or an account with insufficient funds.  End Users who sign up for Instant Bank Payments agree to provide us with details from their bank accounts, such as ownership information, transaction history, and balance details, to determine whether to authorize their transactions and train our models to recognize when banks are likely to reject future transactions attempted through the Instant Bank Payments Service.
Identifying Services for Users
We also train models to recognize Business Users that are good candidates to use additional Stripe services, such as Stripe Capital in the US.  We may train these models using information related to a Business User’s activity on the Stripe platform and, when the user provides them to us, bank account and other financial information.  The models are trained using such information so that they can recognize similarities between the current Business User and other Business Users who have benefitted from our products in the past.  To the extent that Business Users are individuals, such data may constitute Personal Data.
As a Stripe User and as a data controller, what does GDPR mean for me?
As a data controller, Business Users are responsible for the relationship with the data subject (i.e., your End Customer). You may instruct a third party (like Stripe) to process the data, but it is your job to set the purpose (or objectives) and legal basis for the processing.
The GDPR requires data controllers to use third parties who agree to abide by certain contractual terms. To be sure of this, the data controller must have Data Processing Agreements (“DPAs”) with each third party. Our DPA has been designed to serve this purpose for you; it is strongly aligned with payment transactions, so it should establish that you are compliant with GDPR from a payments perspective.
Who are Stripe’s sub-processors and how are they vetted?
Please see our
service providers page
where we have a list of our most common sub-processors, service providers and affiliates. Stripe identifies, evaluates, and engages sub-processors through our vendor management program. We enter into a contract with each sub-processor prior to sharing data with the sub-processor, and each contract contains terms that provide for monitoring and audit. In addition, all potential vendors are vetted and approved through Stripe’s security review process before we begin using their services.
From where does Stripe collect information used for fraud prevention and security purposes?
To prevent fraud and strengthen our security, we may collect information from Business Users, End Customers, End Users, financial parties, and in some cases third parties. For example, we collect and analyze information that helps us identify bad actors and bots, including both transactional data (such as amount, customer shipping address, date, and so on) and advanced fraud detection signals (device and activity signals).
Learn more
.
Stripe also receives information from third parties to prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other fraudulent activity. For example, we may receive information from third parties about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Stripe may use Representatives' Personal Data provided at onboarding to query third party databases regarding fraud and risk signals associated with that data.  The third party providers operating these databases may use Stripe’s experience with the Personal Data queried to inform their fraud and risk signals.
How does Stripe use and share data to authenticate my transactions?
To help prevent fraudulent transactions when you use your debit or credit card to pay a Business User, we may share data related to you and your transaction with your card issuer, bank, and payment method provider so that they can verify your identity and authenticate your payment method.  The data we share to enable this process may include personal data such as your name, email address and phone number, and payment-specific data like your billing and shipping address.
Issuers and payment method providers may use the information we share to verify you through a process called 3D Secure Authentication or 3DS.  3DS is an authentication standard designed by the major card networks which aims to reduce fraud and provide added security by providing an additional layer of authentication to online card payments. 3DS is often known by its branded names like Visa Secure, Mastercard Identity Check, or American Express SafeKey. It works by comparing the information you provide at the time of the transaction with the information that your issuer and payment method provider already have on file, to help reduce the risk that someone else may use your card for an unauthorized transaction.
Additionally, we may share contextual data, such as your device ID and previous transaction history. The process may take place as part of the checkout flow, which may involve you being redirected to another page where your bank asks you for a code or password to approve the purchase.
3DS is frequently used in Europe in support of Strong Customer Authentication requirements under the Payment Services Directive (PSD2) and to comply with similar regulations in other countries including the UK, India and Australia.  When we act as a service provider to your bank under our Stripe Issuing program we and our service providers may use personal data such as your card number, contact information, payment-specific data, like your billing and shipping address, and contextual data such as your device ID and transaction history to facilitate 3DS authentication.
How does Stripe use Personal Data to prevent fraud?
The Stripe products that use Personal Data to enable Stripe’s Business Users to detect and prevent fraud include Stripe Radar, Stripe Identity, and Stripe Merchant Risk Tooling.  Stripe also employs internal risk models and other product features, such as 3D Secure incorporated into Stripe’s Issuing product, to prevent its products and services from being used for fraudulent activity.
Stripe Radar processes personal data as described
here
using its machine learning model to produce scores indicating the likelihood that a payment method is being offered by someone other than an authorized user.  These scores are designed to identify fraudulent transactions, they do not rate the character or creditworthiness of the individuals involved in a particular transaction.  Based on the service selected by the Business User, Stripe may provide the Radar scores to its Business Users to help them to combat fraud and provide a mechanism for them to set rules to better manage transactions based on Radar scores and other indicators of fraud.
Stripe Identity uses Personal Data, as described
here
, to combat fraud by enabling Business Users to verify whether the person they are transacting with is who they say they are. Identity compares biometric identifiers in a selfie against government issued ID. Identity can also validate Personal Data, such as name, date of birth, and government ID number, that an End Customer types into a web form against government and third-party databases to determine if the identity presented matches the government issued ID number.
Stripe’s internal risk models seek to combat fraud by recognizing when a fraudster is attempting to use Stripe’s services for fraudulent purposes. For instance, Stripe uses Radar scores internally to determine whether a payment method offered to Stripe products such as Link, Frontier, Crypto Onramp, and Bill Pay should be accepted or rejected as likely fraudulent.  Stripe’s internal risk models also use aggregated cardholder features to recognize when a large number of transactions are likely being conducted by the same individual for purposes of testing or cashing out stolen payment methods. Where Stripe recognizes such activity, it will block transactions to prevent harm to itself, its users, and others.
Stripe Merchant Risk Tooling leverages Stripe’s internal risk models to help Stripe Connect Platforms identify indicators of potential fraud associated with their Connected Accounts. Merchant Risk Tooling produces reasoned scores that identify to Platform’s internal fraud teams when there are indicators consistent with a Connected Account attempting to use the Platform’s services (and Stripe) for fraudulent purposes. These scores are designed to supplement the Platforms’ due diligence related to their Connected Accounts and their business activities.  They do not score the character or creditworthiness of the individuals involved in the Connected Accounts’ operations. The data factored into Merchant Risk Tooling includes payments transaction data, business representative details (such as IP address, physical address, and e-mail address) business website content, and other information regarding the businesses Business Users operate on Stripe.
Along with attempting to combat fraud at the merchant and Stripe-wide levels as described above, Stripe also incorporates features in its individual products that use Personal Data to  prevent fraud. One such feature is 3D Secure authentication, incorporated in Stripe Issuing.  This feature is required by law in certain jurisdictions and requires cardholders to authenticate using one or more factors before they can complete an online transaction.  Stripe and its service providers use and store personal data including cardholder PANs, contact information, and transaction history to authenticate cardholders using one time passcodes and knowledge of past transactions. These measures help combat fraud by increasing the likelihood that the person offering a card for payment is an authorized user.
I heard that Stripe is collecting additional information about my account from a third party and/or my other Stripe account. Why is Stripe collecting this information?
Stripe may collect additional information about your account to allow Stripe and its financial partners to detect fraud and/or fulfill financial compliance requirements. These requirements come from our financial partners or regulatory obligations and are intended to prevent abuse of the financial system. Examples of missing data fields include your address, phone number, social security number, date of birth, employer identification number, or website URL. Stripe may be able to fill in some of this information by leveraging data we have collected from one of your other Stripe accounts or by obtaining data from a third party. We will show Business Users the information that we are associating with their account on your dashboard, and Business Users may update or correct that information via your dashboard. Please see Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
for additional information.
Does Stripe collect precise location data?
Devices such as mobile phones or computers may collect precise location data using GPS technology.  Stripe does not collect GPS data from devices and browsers.
Depending on the Services you use and the Business Users’ implementation of our Business Services, we will collect information (including IP addresses) through cookies and similar technology. We will collect your IP address when you visit our Sites. Please see our
Cookie Policy
to learn more.  Stripe may use location information, including approximate latitude and longitude, derived from End Customers IP addresses to detect potentially fraudulent transactions.
We also receive approximate location information (such as country, city or state) from third party providers such as
MaxMind
to help us determine the approximate location of visitors to our website for marketing purposes (for example, inviting you to local Stripe events).
In addition to its sub-processors, what other third parties does Stripe share information with?
When we work with service providers in our capacity as a data processor for our Business Users’ and End Users’ personal data, the GDPR calls these third-party service providers a sub-processor. Sub-processors are service providers who have or potentially will have access to or process personal data on behalf of Stripe. These third parties are disclosed on our
Stripe Service Providers
List.
In addition to Stripe’s sub-processors, we may also share Business Users’ onboarding data and payment instrument information with third party business partners when this is necessary to provide our services to our Business Users. We do so, for example, for the purposes of offering payment processing services to our Business Users or facilitating payment settlements.
Third parties to whom we may disclose personal data for this purpose are banks, payment method providers and payment processors, including, but not limited to, the following entities:
American Express Payment Services Limited and American Express Payments Europe S.L.
Banking Circle S.A.
Barclays Bank PLC
Citibank Europe plc
Credit Mutuel Arkea and Arkea Banking Services
Currence iDEAL B.V.
Klarna AB
Mastercard Europe S.A.
Polski Standard Płatności
PPRO Financial Ltd.
Swisscard AECS GmbH
Visa Europe Limited
The data shared with payment method providers will depend on the payment method(s) enabled on the Business User’s account.
In addition, Stripe shares personal data as we believe necessary to, among other things, protect Stripe’s services, rights, privacy, safety and property of Stripe, our users or others. For example, to protect our services, Stripe may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised.
Please note that if you provide us with your payment method information (e.g., a card number and expiration date) to store on file or otherwise in connection with a transaction, Stripe may update your card information if your information has changed or been updated to ensure your transactions go through smoothly, including by working with your card issuer or payment card network. If you would prefer to not have your updated payment method details shared with us, please reach out to your card issuing bank.
Transfer
Stripe will pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or sub-processors, if deemed strictly necessary to carry out contractual obligations or for the data to be processed. Depending on the enabled payment method(s), data may be transferred to the jurisdiction(s) of the respective payment method(s). Before we engage any third party, we perform due diligence, including a vendor security assessment. All of our service providers are subject to contract terms designed to ensure that these service providers process personal data only for the purposes of providing services to Stripe and in accordance with our commitments to Users and applicable data protection laws. Moreover, Stripe maintains and enforces a security program that addresses the management of security and the security controls employed by Stripe, which includes third party risk management. In addition, Stripe employees, agents, and contractors acknowledge their data security and privacy responsibilities under Stripe’s policies.
Financial Connections
If you are an End Customer who has been asked to link your financial account using Stripe, please visit the support webpage
here
to learn more about our privacy practices. Or you can jump to the specific topics linked here:
Linking my financial account and consent
Data collected, stored, and shared from my linked account
How Stripe accesses data from my linked account
Relationship between Stripe and its service providers
Data security
Who can access data from my linked account and for what purposes
Who will obtain my login credentials
Requesting disconnection or data deletion
Correcting my financial account information
What Business User and Representative data does Stripe share with a payment method to facilitate Business Users’ enabling the payment method?
Stripe makes it possible for its Business Users to enable payment methods including card networks such as Visa and MasterCard, mobile and online payment methods such as WeChat Pay and Alipay, and buy now pay later providers such as Klarna and Afterpay.  Certain payment methods are enabled by default when you onboard with Stripe. After onboarding, for eligible users, Stripe may enable additional payment methods after notifying you. Your Stripe dashboard allows you to enable or disable payment methods at any time.
Stripe may share information regarding a Business User and the Business User’s Representative with a payment method provider when a payment method is enabled and when Stripe processes transactions involving the payment method. The payment method provider may require Business Users’ and their Representatives' Personal Data for a number of purposes, including complying with know your customer (KYC), anti-money laundering, and other legal and compliance requirements, preventing fraud, facilitating transactions, providing services to Business Users, and servicing the payment method’s platform. For these purposes, Stripe may provide payment method providers with Business User data, including but not limited to business name, business type, merchant category codes, merchant ID, transaction history, bank account information, and other transaction specific information such as product type and tax amount that Stripe ascertains from that data.  Stripe may also provide payment methods with Business Users’ Representatives’ personal data, including name, address, contact information, date of birth, tax identification number, and other government issued ID information.  The information Stripe shares with payment method providers is data that Stripe has collected from the merchant or ascertained from data provided by the merchant.
How does Stripe use Representative contact information to provide its Services?
As part of providing our Services we may process Representative contact information for purposes including authentication, providing updates regarding the Services, providing support, and to address issues related to Business Users’ Stripe accounts, such as unpaid balances.
What data about End-Customers and their transactions is used by Radar and what data does Stripe share with its Radar Business Users?
When processing payments, it’s valuable to Stripe, Business Users and End Customers to enable legitimate transactions while also trying to prevent fraudulent transactions, making online purchases safer for everyone involved.
Radar
helps detect potentially fraudulent transactions for Stripe’s Business Users (i.e., merchants) through
machine learning
and other techniques. To do this, Radar leverages data collected across our Services.
Radar’s machine learning model produces transaction “scores” indicating the model’s assessment of the likelihood that a transaction is fraudulent.  Business Users can leverage this score and use it to implement automated rules to determine whether to allow, block, or flag transactions for additional review. Business Users can use Radar as one of multiple inputs in making decisions with respect to the potential for fraud in a transaction.
Radar uses data collected about the End Customer from various sources, including payments transaction data,
advanced fraud detection
data, Bank Connections data, IP address, and physical address information. Radar uses this data to assess whether the payment method offered by the End Customer is likely unauthorized.
Stripe may share with the Business User and allow them to export (where allowed by Law) certain information relevant to fraud detection, including:
a transaction score that assesses the likelihood of the transaction becoming a fraudulent charge-back,
risk insights
for that transaction,
related payments
made by the End-Customer to the Business User,
other transaction data
related to that End-Customer’s transaction with that Business User (e.g., cardholder name, card information, and the payment amount and date),
device and browser information for the device used to make the transaction with that Business User, and
aggregated benchmarks
.
As a Business User, what notice do I provide to my End Customers about Stripe?
Under the terms of our agreements, Business Users are required to provide all necessary notices and obtain all necessary rights and consents from their End Customers to enable Stripe to lawfully collect, use, retain and disclose the Personal Data as part of the Stripe Services. Business Users, as data controllers, are responsible for the contents of their privacy notice and cookie banner. As an example, here is a paragraph that you can consider adding to your privacy notice (if you don’t already have such a disclosure):
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Please be aware that the disclosure above is for illustrative purposes only and is not legal advice. Please talk to your legal advisor to understand how to comply with your obligations under applicable law.
To comply with our transparency obligations, we explain how our cookies are used in our
Cookie Policy
and our
Cookies Settings Dashboard
sets out our list of cookies. We remind our Business Users to review the cookies placed on their website and to update their cookie banners accordingly.
Are there any jurisdictional nuances to Stripe’s use of service providers in verifying the identity of Stripe’s business users?
Germany
Stripe, through its service providers, may use information from infoscore Consumer Data GmbH to verify the identity of Stripe Business Users in Germany.  Information about infoscore Consumer Data GmbH is available
here
.
Data Obtained from Third Parties
If you have been notified by Stripe that we obtained your data from a third party, the following applies:
Your Personal Data will be processed in accordance with Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
, which describes:
the identity and the contact details of Stripe;
the contact details of Stripe’s
Data Protection Officer
;
the purposes of the processing for which the Personal Data are intended as well as the legal basis for the processing, which includes prospecting and direct marketing, as permitted under applicable law;
the recipients or categories of recipients of the Personal Data. In addition to the recipients mentioned in the Stripe Privacy Policy, Personal Data may be shared with Salesloft, Inc. as a processor of Stripe;
that Stripe intends to transfer Personal Data to a recipient in a third country and a reference to the appropriate or suitable safeguards and the means to obtain a copy of them or where they have been made available (see
here
and
here
for more information);
the period for which the Personal Data will be stored and/or the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from Stripe access to and rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability or any other applicable rights under data protection laws (see also
here
);
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
We may have obtained the following Personal Data from third parties: name, business contact details (e.g., email, phone number, social media handle), business address, company/employer information, role and position, and industry.
We use a number of  third parties to obtain Personal Data from, including Cognism Limited, ZoomInfo Technologies Inc., API Hub, Inc. dba Clearbit, Crunchbase Inc., PitchBook Data, Inc., infoAnalytica, Inc., People Data Labs, Inc., and Dealroom.co. These third parties collect Personal Data as separate controllers in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you wish to have your data removed from their respective database(s), please contact those parties directly. Some of these parties may have obtained your data from publicly accessible sources.
We do not use Personal Data we have obtained from third parties for automated decision-making.
Where Stripe relies on legitimate interest to process your Personal Data, such legitimate interest may be:
B2B market research and analysis;
B2B prospecting and selling; and
B2B marketing and advertising.
Does Stripe Record Calls?
In some situations, we may record voice or video calls we have with you. At the start of the call, we disclose the fact that a call is being recorded and, unless we are required to record the call, will ask for your consent to record the call and/or offer you the option to decline the call being recorded. We may use third-party systems to record calls, including Zoom and Salesloft.
The call recordings will be processed for the purposes stated at the start of the call, typically for quality and training purposes, and in accordance with Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
. We enable you to exercise your rights as a data subject under applicable law with respect to these recordings as set out in Stripe’s Privacy Policy. In the event that you request a copy of the recording, Stripe may provide you with a redacted copy of the recording, or a (redacted) transcript of the recording, where appropriate, and as permitted under applicable law.
We normally retain call recordings for up to 1 year, and for Zoom recordings, 180 days. User support related phone calls are normally retained for 5 years as Stripe is under a legal obligation to keep this data for 5 years.
Collection related call recordings are kept for 5 years.
After this, call recordings will be deleted, unless we have a valid legal ground to keep the call recordings for a longer period of time.
How does Stripe collect information for phone verification?
When you use Stripe services, we may need to verify your identity to comply with legal requirements or ensure that we are dealing with you and not a fraudster attempting to impersonate you.  We may also verify your identity as a service to the Business Users with which you choose to transact.  One of the data points we may consider for these purposes is whether your phone number is associated with the other information you have provided while seeking services from us or our Business Users.  We may rely on third-party services providers to assist us in performing such verification checks.  In particular, your wireless carrier may disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Stripe or our service providers for the duration of your business relationship, to help us identify you or your wireless device, to prevent fraud, and as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy.
How does Stripe use personal data for co-marketing End User Services?
If you have a Link account, Stripe may review your Link Transaction Data to determine which businesses you transact with and which additional services you may benefit from. We may also, where permitted by law, use your personal data (such as your email address, device information, and transaction history) to send you marketing information about our Services or co-marketing communications about how you can use our Services with Business Users you transact or interact with. We do not share your Transaction Data or other Personal Data with these Business Users to facilitate these marketing activities.
U.S. Privacy Disclosures
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed Under the CCPA
Below are the categories of data we collect and how that information is used in the last 12 months.  We also disclosed this data for a business purpose within the preceding 12 months.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
PURPOSES:
DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE WITHIN THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS TO:
Identifiers (e.g., a device identifier)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide and advertise our services, and to comply with law.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers, financial partners servicing the financial product), third parties like ad partners that help us advertise our products and services,  the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (e.g., gender and age noted in ID documents that you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant - a.k.a. our business user)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, and to comply with law.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers and financial partners servicing the financial product), the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Commercial information (e.g., the merchant that you choose to do business with - a.k.a. our business user may receive your transaction data)
Fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, to comply with law, enforce our terms of services, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers and financial partners servicing the financial product), the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Biometric information (e.g., biometric identifiers from photo IDs used to confirm your identity)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law, such as to improve our verification systems.
Learn more
.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: a service provider - i.e., Amazon Web Services ("AWS"), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Online activity information (e.g., information about devices and browsers across certain business user sites that use Stripe and IP addresses associated with those devices and browsers, and usage data)
Fraud detection and security, to comply with law, and to provide and advertise our services.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers, financial partners servicing the financial product), third parties like ad partners that help us advertise our products and services, the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Location Data (
Learn more
)
Fraud detection and security, in furtherance of compliance with legal obligations, and to provide and advertise our services.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers, financial partners servicing the financial product), third parties like ad partners that help us advertise our products and services,  the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Audiovisual (e.g., visual, audio, or similar information, like photos you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant – a.k.a. our business user)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, and to comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service providers, the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Recruiting and employment, and to comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service providers, an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Categories of personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)(such as name, address, telephone number, credit card or debit card number)
See above.  Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide and advertise our services, and to comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers and financial partners servicing the financial product), the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
What sensitive personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) does Stripe collect and for what purposes does Stripe use that data?
Stripe only processes sensitive personal information for the purposes specified in section 7027(m) of the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations, or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
Sensitive Personal Information Categories
Purposes include:
Identification documents, including driver’s license, passport, and social security (including any underlying sensitive information in the identity card, such as racial or ethnic origin)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, and to comply with legal obligations.
Biometric information
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law, such as to improve our verification systems.
Learn more
.
Location Data
Learn more
.
Fraud detection and security, to comply with law, and to provide our services.
Learn more
.
Account log-in, financial account in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
To provide our services (e.g.,
Financial Connections
), comply with law, enforce our terms of services, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law.
Does Stripe “sell” or “share” my personal information under the CCPA?
We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide your personal data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes (such as to improve their ad delivery), Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. To our knowledge, Stripe does not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Within the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Information described in section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code have been “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) to third parties (including advertising partners) who assist us in advertising our services:
Identifiers (e.g., a device identifier)
Online activity information (e.g., information about devices and browsers across certain business user sites that use Stripe and IP addresses associated with those devices and browsers, and usage data)
Geolocation Data (e.g., IP addresses)
You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing”
here.
How long will Stripe keep my data?
Stripe keeps Personal Data as necessary to achieve the purposes listed
here
. To determine the appropriate retention periods for different categories of Personal Data, we consider various criteria such as the jurisdiction you are located in, the nature of our relationship with you, the types of products or services being offered or provided to you, the nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data, retention requirements under applicable laws and regulations, and other legitimate interests we may pursue through retaining your Personal Data, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities, improving the quality of our services, and promoting our products and services as appropriate and as permitted by applicable law and agreements.
For most jurisdictions, Stripe will generally keep Personal Data we obtain from our Business Users for a period of five or more years from the end of the business relationship with you, or the date of the last transaction, whichever is later.
The table below outlines different categories of personal data collected, along with the retention period or the criteria used to determine that period.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
RETENTION PERIOD OR THE CRITERIA USED TO DETERMINE THAT PERIOD
Non-sensitive Identifiers (e.g., name, postal address, email address, account name)
Categories of personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) (such as name, address, telephone number, credit card or debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (e.g., gender and age noted in ID documents that you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant - a.k.a. our business user)
Commercial information (e.g., transaction data that the merchant you choose to do business with - a.k.a. our business user - may receive)
Online activity information (e.g., certain information about devices and browsers across certain business user sites that use Stripe, and usage data)
Audiovisual (e.g., visual, audio, or similar information, like photos you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant – a.k.a. our business user)
For the duration necessary for Stripe to: (1) comply with law; (2) provide the Stripe services, and; (3) pursue our legitimate interests, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities, improving the quality of our services, and promoting our products and services as appropriate and as permitted by applicable law and agreements.
Biometric information (e.g., biometric identifiers from photo IDs and selfies used to confirm your identity)
No longer than 1 year, or upon revocation of your consent, whichever is earlier.
Geolocation Data (e.g., IP addresses)
For the duration necessary for Stripe to: (1) comply with law; (2) provide the Stripe services, and; (3) pursue our legitimate interests, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, and complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Education information that is not publicly available as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. § 1232g)
For the duration necessary for Stripe to: (1) comply with  law; (2) make certain employment and performance-related decisions; (3) address future hiring needs; (4) ensure health and safety in the workplace; (5) conduct certain administrative tasks, including to administer benefits; and (6) pursue our legitimate interests, including enforcing and defending our legal rights and complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities.
Sensitive personal information, as defined by California law (
Learn More
)
For information regarding your government IDs (including the sensitive data therein) and your location data, Stripe will retain that data for the duration necessary to: (1) comply with law; (2) provide the Stripe services, and; (3) pursue our legitimate interests, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities. For biometric data, see above.
Where we rely on consent to collect your other sensitive personal information (e.g, financial account login credentials), Stripe will no longer retain this data upon your revocation of consent.
California Privacy Rights Metrics
The following includes aggregate metrics of data subject rights requests received in the 2023 calendar year. This data reflects requests received from individuals in California and may also include requests from individuals who do not reside in California.
Number of “request to know” received and complied with in whole or in part: 7
Number of “requests to delete” received and complied with in whole or in part: 7719
Number of “request to correct” received: 0
Average number of days taken to respond to a request to know or delete: 1
Due to the nature of Stripe’s products and services, when we receive a general “request to delete,” our process is to direct the requestor to a
page
to action their request depending upon the relationship they have with Stripe. We also offer data subjects the opportunity to
contact us
, should they have any questions or concerns.
Stripe may retain personal data where permitted by law, including to comply with our legal obligations. For example, as a provider of payment services, Stripe is required to comply with many regulations, including anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws. These laws require Stripe to retain certain information associated with Stripe users for a prescribed period of time after account closure. Learn more about our retention obligations in our
Privacy Policy
.
Stripe Legal Bases Tables
What legal basis does Stripe rely on to process personal data as a data controller?
We rely upon a number of legal grounds to enable our use of your Personal Data. In short, we use Personal Data to facilitate the business relationships we have with our Business Users and End Users, to comply with our financial regulatory and other legal obligations, and to pursue our legitimate business interests. We also use Personal Data to complete transactions and to provide payment-related services to our Business Users.
The table below provides a detailed overview of why and how we use your Personal Data.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation, we rely upon a number of legal bases to enable our processing of your Personal Data.
End Users
When you directly use an End User Service (such as when you sign up for Link, or make a payment to Stripe Climate in your personal capacity), for your personal use, we refer to you as an “End User.”
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Provide our Services.
To provide services to you, including delivery, support, personalization and messages related to the service.
Your name, contact information, payment information including Bank Account Information and Bank Payments, and/or payment card number, CVC code and expiration date.
Our
contractual necessity
to perform our contractual relationship with you, under applicable data protection laws.
For the provision of our services
including Link, Atlas and Identity. When we process data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before the consent is withdrawn.
If you choose to use Link you agree to let Stripe store your payment method and related information so that you can more readily make purchases with Business Users who use Stripe to provide payment processing services (e.g. Stripe Checkout).
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Card Products and Financial Products including Issuing and Treasury Direct Services.
We use your Personal Data to offer you card products and financial products and services under the Stripe brand and/or under the brand of a Business User.
Your name, email address, phone number, postal address, transaction information, password, PIN or similar credentials, card PANs, age, DOB, credit card number, drivers license number, tax ID, cookie data, tags and beacons, IP address.
Our
legitimate interests
in promoting our products and in determining eligibility for and offer new Stripe products and services.
Provide cryptocurrency-related services, including enabling End Users with Link accounts to purchase cryptocurrency from  licensed third-party cryptocurrency exchange providers using a variety of payment methods and save certain personal information  to facilitate subsequent cryptocurrency-related transactions.
Your name, email address, date of birth, billing address, IP address, information related to your cryptocurrency wallet (including wallet identifier, access times, and IP address used to create and access the wallet), and information related to your cryptocurrency purchases, including your transaction history.
Based on consent in processing this personal information.
Offer our Services and Alert you of Changes to our Services.
For example, through Stripe Capital we work with Financial Partners to offer financing to certain users who can satisfy particular criteria and will process your data to help determine if you qualify for financing or not. Certain information will be processed by Stripe prior to the offer of financing in order to determine eligibility.
The name and other identifying details and contact information of a Business User’s Representatives, physical address of Business User, and the Business User's Stripe ID and information related to the Business User’s performance on Stripe or off of Stripe if the Business User chooses to provide such information.
Our
legitimate interests
in promoting our products and in determining eligibility for and offer new Stripe products and services.
Fraud Detection Services.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services (e.g. Stripe Radar) to detect and prevent fraud against us, our Business Users and financial partners, including to detect unauthorized log-ins using your online activity.
Transaction information
. This includes: name, email address, billing and/or shipping address, payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, bank account information or payment card image), merchant and location, purchase amount, date of purchase, and in some cases, some information about what you have purchased, phone number and tax-related ID.
This includes web browsing information, usage data, referring URLs, location, cookies data, device data and identifiers.
IP address and physical address.
Our
legitimate interests
in monitoring and detecting fraud to ensure we detect activity that can have a harmful effect on our End Users.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use your Personal Data to assess your eligibility for and offer you other Services. We use End User Personal Data for interest-based advertising and marketing purposes. We do not share End Customer Personal Data to third parties for their marketing purposes unless you give us or the third party permission to do so.
Contact information including: name, email address, work phone number, and job title.
Connection data such as IP address, and web behavior (page visited, length on page, etc.)
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interest
in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest to you.
Compliance and Harm Prevention.
We process and share Personal Data as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law, (ii) for compliance with rules imposed by payment method in connection with use of that payment method (e.g. network rules for Visa); (iii) to enforce our contractual rights; (iv) to secure or protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety and property of Stripe, you or others, including against other malicious or fraudulent activity and security incidents; and (v) to respond to valid legal process requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
Any Personal Data we process, including information necessary for identity verification such as government-issued IDs or selfie images.
Where these processing activities or disclosures are necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for the protection of a person's vital interests, for reasons of public interest, for reasons of substantial public interest, or for the purposes of Stripe’s or a third party’s
legitimate interest
in keeping Stripe secure, preventing a breach of the law, harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, claims, or obligations, facilitating the collection of taxes and prevention of tax fraud or preventing loss or damage.
End Customers
When you do business with, or otherwise transact with, a Business User (typically a merchant using
Stripe Checkout
, e.g. when you buy a pair of shoes from a merchant that uses Stripe for payment processing) but are not directly doing business with Stripe, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Provide our Services to Business Users
, including to process online payment transactions or in-person checkout, to calculate applicable sales tax, to invoice and bill, and to calculate their revenue.
If you are an End Customer, when you make payments to, send shopping cart reminders, get refunds from, begin a purchase or otherwise transact with a Business User through Stripe’s Services or a Stripe-provided device, Stripe will receive your transaction information. Depending on how the Business User has integrated our Business Services, we may receive this information directly from you, the Business User or another service provider to you or the Business User.
Transaction Information (including from Checkout, Payment Processing and Treasury/Issuing Use)
. Your name, email, billing and/or shipping address, payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, bank account information or payment card image), merchant and location, purchase amount, date of purchase, and in some cases, some information about what you have purchased, phone number and tax-related ID. The payment method information that we collect will depend upon the payment method that you choose to use from the list of available payment methods offered by the Business User as part of the “checkout” process for your purchase. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Transaction-Related Information / Purchase Interests.
Information typed into a checkout field that is not ultimately submitted to the Business User.
Our
legitimate interests
in providing the Stripe products and services. Stripe processes this personal data given its legitimate interest in improving the Services and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with the Business Users.
Provide our Services to Business Users
, to order payment methods on a per-customer basis on behalf of the Business User, to implement fraud thresholds chosen by the Business User, and to verify your payment method.
Verification Information
. Your age (when purchasing age restricted goods) or information about you being the person who is authorized to use a payment method.
The information collected will be the information that you choose to share for these purposes, which may include your government ID, your photo, your live image, and Personal Data apparent from the physical payment method (e.g. credit card image).
Our
legal obligations
in respect of our financial and regulatory obligations.
Reduce fraud and enhance security.
We will use Personal Data about your identity, including information that you provide, to perform verification Services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are doing business with and to reduce fraud and enhance security.
In some cases you may provide a “selfie” along with an image of your identity document, and we will use technology to compare and calculate whether they match and can be “verified.” We will use information from our service providers and our Services to help verify your identity and fraud prevention.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interests
in detecting, monitoring and preventing fraud and unauthorized payment transactions.
Radar and Card Verification Services.
We use Personal Data of End Customers to detect and prevent fraud for Business Users, including to detect fraudulent payment cards using payment card images and unauthorized log-ins using online activity. In providing such services, we may provide Business Users that have requested such services with limited Personal Data about End Customers so that the Business Users can assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction by its End Customer. We may also use payment card images to improve our Business Services.
Transaction information
. This includes: name, email address, billing and/or shipping address, payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, bank account information or payment card image), merchant and location, purchase amount, date of purchase, and in some cases, some information about what you have purchased, phone number and tax-related ID.
This includes web browsing information, usage data, referring URLs, location, cookies data, device data and identifiers.
IP address and physical address
.
Our
legitimate interests
in detecting, monitoring and preventing fraud and unauthorized payment transactions.
Compliance and Harm Prevention.
We share Personal Data as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law, (ii) to comply with rules imposed by payment method in connection with use of that payment method; (iii) to enforce our contractual rights; (iv) to secure or protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety and property of Stripe, you or others, including against other malicious or fraudulent activity and security incidents; and (v) to respond to valid legal process requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
Any Personal Data we process.
Our
legal obligations
where disclosures are necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Our
legitimate interest
in keeping Stripe secure, preventing a breach of the law, harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, claims, or obligations, facilitating the collection of taxes and prevention of fraud or preventing loss or damage.
Representatives
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User (e.g. you are a founder of a company, or administering an account for a merchant who is a Business User), we refer to you as a “Representative.”
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Reduce fraud and enhance security.
We will use Personal Data about your identity, including information that you provide, to perform verification Services for Stripe.
Onboarding and verification information that you choose to share for these purposes, which may include your government ID, photo, live image, and Personal Data apparent from the physical payment method (e.g. credit card image).
Our
legal obligations
in respect of our financial and regulatory obligations. We process Personal Data to verify the identity of the Representatives of our Business Users in order to comply with fraud monitoring, prevention and detection obligations, laws associated with the identification and reporting of illegal and illicit activity, such as AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and KYC (Know-Your-Customer) obligations, and financial reporting obligations.
Advertising.
We may use and share Representative Personal Data with others so that we may advertise and market our products and services to you, including through interest-based advertising subject to any consent requirements under applicable law.
Contact information including: name, email address, work phone number, and job title.
Connection data such as IP address, and web behavior (page visited, length on page, etc.)
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Communications.
We may send you email marketing communications about Stripe products and services, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements.
Contact information such as your name, email address, phone number.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interests
in responding to inquiries, sending Service notices, ensuring compliance with applicable laws, preventing fraud, improving our services and providing customer support.
Tax and Atlas (Incorporation) Services.
We may use your Personal Data to file taxes on behalf of your associated Business User. If your Business User uses Atlas, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and to file documents with other governmental authorities.
Your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address; and financial and personal information about you, such as your ownership interest in the Business User, your date of birth and government identifiers associated with you and your organization (such as your social security number, tax number, or Employer Identification Number). You may also choose to provide bank account information.
Our compliance
with legal obligations
in respect of our financial and regulatory obligations. We process Personal Data to verify the identity of the Representatives of our Business Users in order to comply with fraud monitoring, prevention and detection obligations, laws associated with the identification and reporting of illegal and illicit activity, such as AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and KYC (Know-Your-Customer) obligations, and financial reporting obligations.
Our
contractual necessity
to perform our contractual relationship with you, under applicable data protection laws.
Visitors
When you visit a Site without being logged into a Stripe account or otherwise communicate with Stripe, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” (e.g. you send Stripe a message asking for more information because you are considering being a user of our products).
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Communications.
We use any contact information that you provide to us to respond to any inquiries or requests for information you made; and if you have asked about us or our Services, to send you marketing emails by either asking for your consent or providing you an opt out in any messages we send.
Contact information such as your name, email address, phone number.
Information you have provided to us, such as the products you are interested in.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interests
in responding to inquiries, sending Service notices and providing customer support.
Advertising.
When you visit our Sites, we (and our service providers) may use Personal Data collected from you and your device to target advertisements for Stripe Services to you on our Sites and other sites you visit (“interest-based advertising”).
Information collected from cookies such as your device, browser ID, and pages on our website which you have visited.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interest
in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest to you.
Fraud Detection.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent fraud against Stripe, our Business Users and financial partners.
Advanced Fraud Signals information collected via cookies.
This includes web browsing information, usage data, referring URLs, location, cookies data, device data and identifiers.
Our
legitimate interests
in detecting, monitoring and preventing fraud and unauthorized payment transactions.
Data Processing Agreement
What is a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and how can I get one with Stripe?
A Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”) is a contract between a data controller and a data processor that describes the roles and responsibilities of the parties when personal data is processed. If you are a Business User, please visit our FAQs page
here
to learn more about our DPA. Please
contact us
or your account manager if you have any questions.
Information about Stripe Products
How do you implement Privacy by Design at Stripe?
Privacy by design aims at building privacy and data protection up front and into the design specifications and architecture of information and communication systems and technologies to facilitate compliance with privacy and data protection principles. We rely on our internal privacy team and a review process for any new product launch. We are dedicated at every level of product development —from engineering to product management—to making privacy a key consideration. This helps ensure that people can trust the Stripe products that they enjoy every day.
Stripe Identity
End Customers
If you have been asked to verify your identity or have verified your identity using Stripe Identity, please visit the support web pages
here
and
here
to learn more about our privacy practices for Stripe Identity. Alternatively, you can jump to the specific topics linked here:
Stripe’s role in controlling and processing identity data in the US
Understanding Stripe Identity
Biometric verification
Consent to use my identity information
Security of my identity data
What data is collected
Identity data retention
How I delete my identity data
Business User That Requested Verification
If you are a Business User that is using or intends to use Stripe Identity, please visit the support web page
here
for additional guidance on what you can tell your users and
here
and
here
for additional guidance on privacy considerations for your business.
Stripe’s Card Image Verification
If you have been asked by your merchant (i.e., a Stripe Business User) to scan your credit card before completing your requested transaction, please visit the support webpage
here
to learn more about Stripe’s Card Image Verification.
Stripe Connect At a Glance
Description
Stripe Connect is a payment software your third party platform provider (Platform) may use to enable you to receive Stripe services (including payment processing) and/or receive payouts.
Data Controller/ Data Processor
Stripe acts as both a data controller and data processor for the Platform. The Stripe entity that acts as data controller/ data processor for data processed in Europe is Stripe Payments Europe Limited (“SPEL”).
Personal Data
The personal data transmitted to Stripe usually involves first name, last name, address, identification number, e-mail address, IP address, telephone number, and other data necessary for payment processing.
Purpose
The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing, ledger management, and fraud prevention. The Business User / Platform will transfer personal data to Stripe. The personal data exchanged between Stripe and the Business User / Platform may be transmitted to verification agencies, and Business User data may be shared with Platforms. This transmission is intended for the Platform to manage its ledger and for Stripe to conduct identity and risk checks.
Transfer
Stripe will pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or sub-processors, if deemed necessary to carry out contractual obligations or for the data to be processed.
Privacy Policy
For full details please see the applicable
Privacy Policy
of Stripe.
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Does Stripe also collect information about my Custom connected account from a third party?
If you are a user with a Custom connected account, Stripe may collect additional information about your account to enable fraud detection and fulfill financial compliance requirements. These requirements for additional information come from our regulators or financial partners and are intended to prevent abuse of the financial system. Examples of missing data fields include your address, phone number, social security number, date of birth, employer identification number, or website URL. Stripe may leverage data we already have from one of your Stripe accounts or Stripe may fill in some of this information by receiving data from a third party. You may view the information that we are associating with your account and update or correct that information by contacting the platform or business that created your Stripe payment account. Please see Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
for additional information.
What responsibilities do Connect platforms with custom accounts have to allow their users to update or correct information associated with their accounts?
You, the Platform, are responsible for all interactions with your Custom accounts and for collecting all of the information needed to verify the Custom account-holders. Since Custom account holders cannot log into Stripe, it is up to you to build the user dashboard and communication channels. You are responsible for actioning any request by a user to update or correct their Stripe Custom account information.
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Will data collected from a third party be visible to my customers?
Card networks and issuers use statement descriptors to identify payments on a cardholder’s bank statement. Statement descriptors usually include information about the payment, such as the name and phone number of the seller. However, the exact information displayed is ultimately up to a cardholder’s bank. If Stripe updates your account’s business address, phone number, or email address, these fields may be displayed on the statement descriptor within the cardholder’s bank statement. However, the exact information displayed is ultimately up to the card network or the cardholder’s bank. If any information is incorrect, please reach out to the platform through which you receive charges to ensure you have provided them with the most accurate information about you and your business.
What are Stripe ACS, Transaction Authentication, and Behavioral Biometrics?
What is Stripe ACS?
Stripe ACS is Stripe’s transaction authentication solution for card issuers (e.g., banks). Stripe ACS helps card issuers to authenticate transactions of cardholders when they are making payments online using their cards.
What is behavioral biometrics?
Behavioral biometrics is an innovative technology that can be used for the purpose of preventing fraud and identifying legitimate transactions. Behavioral biometrics leverages a combination of personal data and device characteristics to distinguish between legitimate customers and fraudsters or bots.
How is behavioral biometrics data collected and used in Stripe ACS?
This processing is designed to verify a cardholder’s identity based on their behavioral biometric data which is modeled based on data collected during each authentication attempt.
This type of transaction authentication will typically observe interactions within a system or device to verify a cardholder’s identity for the purposes of authenticating online payments. The following elements may be processed during the authentication process:
Length of text field inputs
Location of mouse pointer
Modifier key details (e.g., CTRL, SHIFT)
Timing and location of mouse clicks
Timing and location of touch events
Timing between keystrokes
Window scroll position
For the purpose of fraud risk mitigation, this processing involves use of a device identifier cookie (Ndcd, Device ID, DID) that aims to accurately analyze biometrics data observed on a specific device. This cookie facilitates device detection in order to enhance fraud detection and prevention as well as to identify suspicious devices or devices that are behaving abnormally. For more information on how we use cookies, please see
Stripe’s Cookie Policy
.
Purpose of processing and Stripe’s role
Stripe may process biometric data relating to cardholders in order to assist card issuers to authenticate payment transactions. This is done as part of Stripe’s payment transaction authentication services provided to card issuers (including for the purposes of meeting
Strong Customer Authentication
requirements).
In providing these services to card issuers, Stripe acts as a data controller in relation to cardholder data. Please see Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
to learn more about our use of personal data.
As part of providing this authentication services to card issuers, Stripe engages with a third party provider, Mastercard, which also acts as a data controller. See
Mastercard’s Privacy Notice
for details on Mastercard’s processing activities in this context.
Customers rights and choices
Upon initiating a transaction, cardholders will have the option of providing their consent to processing their behavioral biometrics data as part of the transaction authentication flow. This will be presented to the cardholder during the checkout flow on the merchant’s website or app when authentication is requested from the card issuer. Cardholders will have the option to withdraw their consent during each subsequent transaction flow.
To withdraw consent outside of a transaction flow, you can email
privacy-acs@stripe.com
with the subject matter line “Stripe ACS -
withdraw consent
”. In your email to withdraw consent, please provide: (a) the first 6 digits of your card number as this enables Stripe to identify your issuing bank (please do not provide any digits other than the first 6 digits); and (b) the phone number (including the country code) registered with your bank account that is used for one-time passcodes.
We will action this withdrawal request as soon as possible after it is verified, but please note that this can take up to 10 working days as we may need to verify the request with your card issuer. You may also contact the card issuer in order for the issuer to implement this withdrawal of consent by engaging with Stripe.
To submit a request to exercise any of the other
rights
described in our Privacy Policy, you may contact Stripe at
privacy-acs@stripe.com
.
Promotional Emails Feature
For End Customers and prospective End Customers of our Business Users
What is the Promotional Emails feature?
Promotional Emails is a feature that gives Business Users who use “Stripe Checkout” services a new tool to enable sending email promotional content to their customers and prospective customers. When you visit a Business User’s checkout page (that is powered by Stripe Checkout services), the Promotional Email feature will enable Stripe to collect information about your preferences to receive promotional emails from that merchant.
Promotional email preferences are collected whether or not you complete the purchase or are just a prospective End Customer. “Prospective End Customer” means you visited a Business User’s site and expressed an intent to make a purchase by starting a purchase on the Business User’s checkout page, but did not complete that purchase during that session. To be a “prospective End Customer” for the promotional email feature, you also need to have started to input your contact information into the checkout form, and then not delete that information prior to the end of the session.
If you, prospective End Customer, indicate permission to receive news and personalized offers by virtue of the opt-in/opt-out checkbox on your Business User’s checkout form, the following personal data is provided to your Business User so that your Business User can contact you to remind you of the items you left in the checkout or to provide you news and personalized offers:
Email (if provided by you).
Items in your cart with that merchant (if any).
“Personalized offers” means promotional or marketing materials tailored to you, such as coupons or advertisements based on the items in your cart or (in some cases) your prior purchases from that Business User. Even if you opt-out of personalized offers by a Business User, if you do business with that Business User, they may still need to contact you in order to enable a purchase (e.g., for delivery or billing purposes) or in connection with customer support. Please see your Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
What is Stripe’s role (Data Processor/Controller) in the processing of my Personal Data?
For the Promotional Emails feature, Stripe acts as a
data processor
or service provider, meaning that Stripe is acting at the direction of the Business User that has implemented this Stripe provided feature. The Stripe entity that acts as a data processor for personal data is:
Stripe Inc. in the United States.
Stripe Payments Europe Limited outside of the United States, including Europe
What Personal Data Is Stripe Collecting?
Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
describes in more detail the personal data that Stripe collects in connection with payment transactions.
What Personal Data is Shared by Stripe with the Business Users I use?
Whenever you complete a transaction on a Business User’s website that uses Stripe services, as a service provider to that Business User, Stripe will share your contact information with that Business User. Business Users use the information that Stripe provides in accordance with its own privacy policy, including in connection with your purchase.
With the Promotional Emails feature:
If you complete a purchase with a Business User, in addition to the transaction-related information identified in our
Privacy Policy
(e.g., your contact and billing information and the details of your transaction), Stripe will also share with your Business User your personalized offers and news preferences as determined by the opt-in/opt-out checkbox from your checkout form.
If you are a prospective
End Customer
(you start a purchase with your Business User on their checkout form but do not complete that purchase), the personal data that we share with your Business User depends on the following:
If you have not inputted any personal data into your Business User’s checkout form, then we will not share any personal data with that Business User.
If you have inputted personal data into your Business User’s checkout form:
If the checkbox for receiving news and personalized offers is not enabled when you leave your Business User’s checkout session, we will not share any of that personal data.
If the checkbox for receiving news and personalized offers is enabled when you leave your Business User’s checkout session, we will share the following information with that Business User:
Email (if provided by you).
Items in your cart with that merchant (if any).
End Customers and prospective End customers should always review the privacy policy or notice of the Business Users they visit and do business with for information about the Business User’s data collection practices and purposes outside of this Stripe feature.
Does Stripe share my personal data with other Business Users?
No. Stripe does not share personal data collected in connection with purchases (or attempted purchases) from one Business User’s checkout with another Business User. Please see our Privacy Policy to learn more about our practices.
How do I stop promotional emails from a merchant?
Any offers or promotional emails that you receive as a result of a Business User’s use of the Promotional Emails feature are sent by Business Users (or others identified in the message), and not by Stripe. I If you do not find value in receiving these emails, please contact the Business User you are receiving the messages from. Stripe requires that Business Users that choose to implement the Promotional Email feature also provide the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving further promotional messages. It would be a breach of Stripe’s terms of service for a Business User to not promptly comply with opt-out requests.
How Does the Data Collection and Transfer Work?
The Promotional Email feature does not use cookies or track you across Business Users. Information collected from the Business User’s checkout page is transferred only to the Business User via API calls or webhooks. Webhooks are a way for Stripe to send the information to the Business User automatically upon their request. Your information provided at checkout is encrypted in transit using HTTPS and TLS. See
Security at Stripe
for more information.
How do I stop the sale of my personal data in connection with this feature?
Stripe does not sell your personal data. See our Privacy Policy for more information. The Promotional Emails feature is not the sale of personal data. Rather, Stripe acts as a processor (or service provider) to Business Users for the Promotional Email feature. Please contact your Business User to learn about their personal data practices and how you can exercise rights to stop the sale or processing of personal data provided under applicable law and/or their privacy policy.
Stripe requires that Business Users that choose to implement the Promotional Email feature also provide the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving further promotional messages. It would be a breach of Stripe’s terms of service for a Business User to not promptly comply with opt-out requests.
For Business Users
How to Use this Service as a Business User
If you are a business that is using or intends to use Stripe’s Promotional Emails feature, please visit the
support webpage
for tips and guidance on information to share with your End Customers and prospective End Customers regarding privacy considerations in connection with the Promotional Emails feature for your business.
Stripe Delegated Authentication
Cardholders
You may be given the option to enable on-device biometric verification and provide your consent for Stripe to store your payment method details for future transactions that use the same card. Please visit our
support site
to learn more about our privacy practices for Stripe Delegated Authentication. Alternatively, you can jump to a specific topic here:
Why does the cardholder see Stripe when asked to authenticate a payment?
What is Stripe Delegated Authentication?
How is personal data used in Stripe Delegated Authentication?
How can cardholders provide and withdraw their consent for the storage of their payment method details?
Link
We offer you the opportunity to store your payment methods with us so that you can conveniently use it across certain merchants who are our Business Users – we call this “Link” (formerly known as “Remember Me”). When you choose to use Link, you agree to let us store your payment method so that you can more readily make purchases through Link with Business Users of our payment processing Business Services (e.g., name, card number, cvc, and expiration date). We will also collect other Transaction Data, including billing address, shipping address, email and phone number. Your payment method data is secured using PCI-DSS standards.
Should you not have used Link and receive an SMS in error due to an inaccurate number being inserted at the authentication flow stage you can opt out
here
and your personal data will be deleted.
Stripe Capital
Stripe Capital
provides Business Users with access to fast, flexible funding so businesses can manage cash flows and invest in growth. Depending on your business's corporate structure and jurisdiction, you may be eligible for different types of financing. Financing for Business Users located in the US is provided by Celtic Bank or Youlend in partnership with Stripe Capital. Financing for Business Users located in the EU or UK is provided by Youlend Ltd or Banking Circle S.A.
What information does Stripe process for Stripe Capital?
We use existing data linked to your Stripe Account to evaluate your business’s
eligibility
for Stripe Capital. You may also be asked to link additional data sources, such as business bank accounts or business credit information, in order to receive financing through Stripe Capital. The following information may be considered prior to the offer of financing in order to determine eligibility, including:
Payment processing volume
Payment processing growth
Chargeback rate
Customer base
Duration of relationship with Stripe
Bank account balances
Transaction history
Business credit history
Where Stripe is satisfied that a Business User meets particular criteria established by Stripe and our Financial Partners (as applicable), we will send the Business User an email and dashboard notification notifying them of their business’s eligibility for potential financing and invite them to apply.
If you are a Business User located in the U.S., once you have received an offer and submitted an application to receive your financing, we will use the above listed information to verify your business’s eligibility and where your application is approved, to disburse the loan or the MCA to your linked bank account.
If you are a Business User located in Europe and/or the U.K. and you wish to apply for financing, when you submit an application to receive your financing, your information will be shared with YouLend, who will evaluate your eligibility for financing. If your application is approved, YouLend will disburse the financing to your linked bank account.
The legal basis for using your information
We will process your personal data where its use is in accordance with our legitimate business interests. Analysis of our Business User’s information helps us to manage our business for our legitimate interests. It allows us to:
Verify the identity of our Business Users in order to comply with fraud monitoring, prevention and detection obligations, applicable laws associated with the identification and reporting of illegal and illicit activity, such as AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and KYC (Know-Your-Customer) obligations, and financial reporting obligations.
Assess the level of financial risk to us, Financial Partners and to Business Users involved in offering Business Users financing.
Enhance our machine learning models to allow us to better tailor financing to, and decrease the risk to, you and other Business Users.
We will also process your data where it is necessary for financing agreement that you have entered into or because you have submitted an application to receive funding and to determine eligibility to enter into a financing agreement with us or with our Financial Partners.
We may send you email marketing communications about Stripe Capital offers, provided we do so in accordance with applicable law, including any consent requirements.
Who does Stripe share information with?
Stripe may share your Personal Data with its Financial Partners in order to determine your eligibility for financing you have requested or as necessary complete and/or service transactions with Financial Partners who in some cases may purchase the right to receive repayment on your financing.
What is Stripe’s role?
The Stripe entity responsible for your data will depend on the location of your business.
If your business is based in the US, Stripe, Inc. is the data controller responsible for Personal Data collected and processed in relation to the financing that business receives through Stripe Capital. If your business is based in the EU or UK, Stripe Payments Europe, Limited (“SPEL”), is the data controller responsible for Personal Data collected and processed in relation to Stripe Capital.
How do I opt-out of receiving Capital offers?
Business Users have the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving Capital offers via the link included in Stripe Capital emails.  Business Users may also opt-out of dashboard notifications via the settings page of the Stripe Dashboard. If you have any questions, please
contact us
.
Financial Connections
If you are an End Customer who has been asked to link your financial account using Stripe, please visit the support webpage
here
to learn more about our privacy practices. Or you can jump to the specific topics linked here:
Linking my financial account and consent
Data collected, stored, and shared from my linked account
How Stripe accesses data from my linked account
Relationship between Stripe and its service providers
Data security
Who can access data from my linked account and for what purposes
Who will obtain my login credentials
Requesting disconnection or data deletion
Correcting my financial account information
Are there instances when Stripe receives non-Stripe transaction history?
Yes. For example, Stripe enables the Business User to import non-Stripe data through the Stripe Dashboard to consolidate their revenue data in one place.
Learn more
. Separately, Stripe may also obtain your account transactions from your financial account with your consent.
Learn more
.
Refunds to End Customer Bank Account
End Customers
If you have been asked to provide your bank account and other information to process a refund on behalf of your merchant (i.e., our Business User), please visit the
webpage here
to learn more about our privacy practices for end customer bank account refunds.
Business User that uses Stripe to Process Refunds
If you are a Business User that is using or intends to use Stripe to process refunds, please visit the
webpage here
for additional guidance on privacy considerations for your business.
Stripe Frontier
What is Stripe Frontier?
Frontier is an
advance market commitment
(AMC) that aims to accelerate the development of carbon removal technologies by guaranteeing future demand for them. It facilitates purchases from high-potential carbon removal companies on behalf of buyers. Learn more at
https://frontierclimate.com/
.
What information does Stripe Frontier collect?
We will collect any information you choose to provide to us, for example, through support tickets, emails or social media. When you respond to Stripe emails or surveys, we collect your email address, name and any other information you choose to include in the body of your email or responses. If you contact us by phone, we will collect the phone number you use to call Stripe, as well as other information you may provide during the call. We will also collect your engagement data such as your registration for, attendance of, or viewing of Stripe events and other interaction with Stripe personnel. See our
privacy policy
for more information.
What is the legal basis for processing Stripe Frontier information?
We rely on consent to process your data. Where you proactively reach out to Stripe and provide your data, Stripe will process your data based on Stripe’s
legitimate business interests
(e.g. help answer your queries, and provide customer support). With your permission or where allowed by law, we use your personal data to market our services to you, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for our marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements.
Is my data relating to Stripe Frontier transferred?
We are a global business. Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we do business. We may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own country, including to the United States. These countries may have data protection rules that are different from your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from Officials (such as law enforcement or security authorities). See our
privacy policy
for more information.
What are my rights and choices with respect to the information collected for Stripe Frontier?
You may have choices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out via the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights described
here
with regard to the Personal Data we control about you.
How do I exercise my rights as to Stripe Frontier?
EEA and UK
. To exercise your rights, you may contact our DPO. If you are a resident of the EEA or we have identified Stripe Payments Europe Limited as your data controller, and believe we process your information within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, you may direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
California
. If you are a consumer located in California, please review the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) section of our
Privacy Policy
.
See our
privacy policy
for additional jurisdiction-specific provisions.
Any questions about Stripe Frontier and the processing of your data?
If you have any questions or complaints, please contact us.
Data Protection Officer
Does Stripe have a Data Protection Officer (DPO)?
Yes, Stripe has appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”), who can and they can be reached via
email
.
Quebec Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information
Who is Stripe’s person in charge of personal information under the Quebec Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, and how do I contact them?
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information. You may contact them via
email
.
We are committed to protecting personal information and have established policies and procedures that govern our treatment of personal information. These policies and procedures include, among other things, the following:
policies and procedures to protect personal information in our custody and control from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
processes to respond to data subject requests and complaints in a timely and effective manner.
a framework for the retention and destruction of personal information to ensure compliance with legal obligations, and to securely destroy personal information once no longer required.
a privacy framework that defines the roles and responsibilities for our employees with respect to the treatment of personal information.
providing our employees with regular privacy training and awareness.
International Data Transfers
The detail below is provided for informational purposes. It is not intended to provide legal advice. Stripe urges Business Users to consult with counsel to familiarize themselves with the requirements that govern their specific situations.
How is Stripe dealing with its international data transfers?
As a global business, Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed, in any country where we do business, where our service providers do business or if you use an international payment method or financial partner service, the countries in which that payment method or financial partner operates.
We may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own country, including to the United States. Stripe relies on a number of data transfer mechanisms to legalize the transfer of Personal Data around the globe.
Stripe continues to have appropriate safeguards and compliance measures to ensure an adequate level of protection of Personal Data transferred outside the UK, EEA and Switzerland. Stripe’s measures may include:
Transferring Personal Data from the originating to a country or recipient that has been deemed to have an adequate level of data protection by relevant privacy authorities, including the European Commission.
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), which allows personal data to flow freely between the EEA and certified organizations in the U.S. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision confirming that personal data can be transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to certified U.S. organizations. The UK Government similarly confirmed that organizations can rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”) to transfer data from the UK to certified U.S. organizations. The Swiss Federal Council has confirmed that organizations can rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) to transfer data from Switzerland to certified US companies and it has adopted an adequacy decision for the U.S. in this respect. Stripe’s parent entity, Stripe, Inc, is certified under the EU-U.S DPF, Swiss-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension. Stripe relies on the Data Privacy Framework to transfer personal data from respectively the EEA, the UK and Switzerland to the US. To learn more about the DPF program, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
, and to view our certification, please see
here
.
The Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the European Commission. SCCs are a transfer mechanism (in the form of a legal contract) used by Stripe to provide a legal mechanism to transfer EU personal data outside of the EEA/UK. These are required under EU data protection law (known as the GDPR) and are incorporated into our agreements.
The UK International Data Transfer Addendum (“UK Addendum”) issued by the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office to provide a legal mechanism to transfer Personal Data from the UK. This mechanism is required under UK data protection law (known as UK GDPR) and is incorporated into our agreements.
Other alternative data transfer mechanisms approved by relevant privacy authorities to enable the transfer of Personal Data to a third country.
Stripe respects the privacy of everyone that engages with our products and services, and we are committed to being transparent about our privacy processes and policies. To learn more about our commitment to privacy and data security, please see our
Privacy Policy
, the rest of the
Stripe Privacy Center
, and the
Stripe Security Center
.
We also want to highlight some of our supplementary measures to protect our Business Users’ data from unauthorized access.
Stripe employs security controls and maintains and enforces a security program that addresses the management of security. We also perform risk assessments and implement and maintain controls for risk identification, analysis, monitoring, reporting, and corrective action. Stripe maintains and enforces an asset management program that appropriately classifies and controls hardware and software assets throughout their life cycle. In addition, Stripe employees, agents, and contractors acknowledge their data security and privacy responsibilities under Stripe’s policies.
Stripe applies technical and organizational measures that include the following:
Virtual access control to prevent data processing systems from being used by unauthorized persons.
Data access control to ensure that persons entitled to use a data processing system gain access only to such Personal Data in accordance with their access rights, and that Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or deleted without authorization.
Disclosure control to ensure that Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or deleted without authorization during electronic transmission, transport or storage on storage media (manual or electronic), and that it can be verified to which companies or other legal entities Personal Data are disclosed.
Entry control to audit whether data have been entered, changed or removed (deleted), and by whom, from data processing systems.
Stripe relies on third party service providers to host its production infrastructure. Those third parties apply physical access control to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to the data processing systems available at premises and facilities (including databases, application servers, and related hardware), where Personal Data are processed.
Availability control to ensure that Personal Data are protected against accidental destruction or loss (physical/logical).
Separation control to ensure that Personal Data collected for different purposes can be processed separately.
By default, Stripe encrypts data at rest and data in transit. We further protect your data with tools like audit logs, access management policies and certifications as described on our
Payments
page in the section “Security and compliance at the core”. Security controls implemented at Stripe include TLS 1.2 configuration of endpoints for data in transit, TLS and/or SSL encryption for HTTPS and regular testing of infrastructure components. Two-step authentication is available for an extra layer of security at Dashboard login.
We get requests for access to data from law enforcement, and we review each request with the goal of responding with the minimum amount of required information in response to legitimate, legally mandated requests.
If you have any questions, please
contact us
.
Is Stripe certified under the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework?
Stripe has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. Stripe relies on the DPF to enable international transfers. In case the DPF is invalidated or Stripe is otherwise prevented from relying on the DPF, we incorporate multiple transfer mechanisms to ensure that data transfers can continue. If more than one data transfer mechanism applies, the DPF takes precedence. You can learn more about our certification and read the Stripe Data Privacy Framework Policy at
https://stripe.com/legal/data-privacy-framework
.
How does Stripe’s certification under the EU-U.S. DPF impact my organization?
The EU-U.S. DPF is a legal framework that allows organizations to transfer EEA Personal Data  to certified organizations in the U.S. Stripe’s
Data Transfers Addendum
sets out the data transfer mechanisms that Stripe may rely on to carry out international transfers of personal data, including the EU-U.S. DPF. You can learn more about our certification and read the Stripe Data Privacy Framework Policy at
https://stripe.com/legal/data-privacy-framework
. If you are a Business User and would like to transfer data to us under the DPF, please
contact us
or your account manager if you have any questions.
How do the SCCs and UK Addendum impact my organization?
SCCs are legal contracts entered into between parties that are transferring EEA Personal Data outside of the EEA. Stripe may rely on the SCCs for transfers of EEA data in our services. We have updated our Data Transfer Addendum and agreements to incorporate the SCCs (where applicable).
How to get a copy of the SCCs or UK Addendum?
You can review our Data Transfers Addendum which includes the latest data transfer mechanisms, including the SCCs, the UK addendum and the Swiss addendum
here
.
What is CBPR and PRP and is Stripe certified?
Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) schemes are frameworks designed to facilitate data privacy harmonization across international boundaries, primarily within the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) region. CBPR is aimed at organizations handling personal data as a data controller, ensuring compliance with APEC’s privacy standards and enabling secure cross-border data flow. It requires certified organizations to develop privacy policies that meet APEC's criteria and undergo independent certification. PRP, on the other hand, is tailored for data processors, establishing standards for how processors manage and secure data on behalf of data controllers. It provides a mechanism for demonstrating compliance with global privacy requirements, promoting trust and accountability.
Stripe’s privacy practices comply with CBPR and PRP systems as evidenced by the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained.
Why is Stripe storing authentication and authorization data globally?
We have integrated a robust, multi-region infrastructure dedicated to optimizing authentication, authorization, and identity management. This infrastructure spans multiple geographic regions, specifically including our data centers located in the United States and India. By adopting this global approach, we have significantly enhanced the speed and reliability of our services, allowing users to benefit from faster and more consistent access to their data, regardless of their location. This advancement results in a superior and seamless service experience with reduced latency, which is essential for maintaining high standards of user satisfaction.
Our focus on global data storage centers around particular categories of Personal Data, strictly limited to aspects of user authentication and security. The specific types of data stored globally include Representative identifying information such as name, location, email address, phone number, date of birth, IP address, and device ID. These elements are integral to various facets of our operations, including login credentials and settings for multi-factor authentication, as well as device information and security challenges relevant to account security. Additionally, session management data, user roles and permissions, team invitations and management, and Single Sign-On (SSO) configurations fall under this umbrella of globally stored data.
Importantly, this global storage strategy does not extend to any transactional information or other data related to End Customers.
Your Rights and Choices
How do I exercise my data protection rights?
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights:
Right to confirmation of processing
Right to access
Right of rectification/correction
Right to data portability
Right to restrict processing
Right to object to processing
Right to withdraw consent (where it is relied upon)
Right to erasure/deletion
Right to opt-out of processing for targeted advertising
Right to opt-out from profiling for certain decisions with legal or similarly significant effect
Right to opt-out of receiving electronic communications from us
Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights
Right to opt-out from a sale of personal information
Right to opt-out of “sharing” under California privacy law (
learn more
)
Right to confirm the third parties or categories of third parties to which personal data has been disclosed
Right to limit the use or sharing of sensitive personal information (
learn more
)
Right to appeal Stripe’s response to your data subject request
Please read this section to find out more about specific rights. To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please reach out to us by
email
, or via our
form
or by physical addresses listed in
Contact Us
.
You have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with our privacy practices.
Which privacy rights are available in my state?
Laws in the various U.S. states may provide different privacy rights.  For more information on which rights may be available under the laws in your state, consult the following table:
Right to confirmation of processing
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to access
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to correction
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Virginia
Right to data portability
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to deletion
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to opt-out of processing for targeted advertising
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to opt-out from a sale of personal data
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to opt-out from profiling for certain decisions with legal or similarly significant effect
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Virginia
Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to appeal the refusal of a request to exercise your rights
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Virginia
Right to confirm the third parties or categories of third parties to which personal data has been disclosed
Delaware, Oregon
Right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal data
California
Right to opt-out from Sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising
California
How do I access my data?
If you are a Business User or Representative, you may login in to the Stripe Dashboard to view personal information shared with Stripe.
If you are the End Customer of a Business User that uses Stripe services, the Business User would be the correct party to respond to a data subject access request related to your transactional information.
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request confirmation of whether Stripe processes Personal Data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that Personal Data. If you are an End User or otherwise have a direct relationship with us, you may submit your access request by
email
, or through our
form
. Please note that we may need to verify your identity and your relationship with us before we can proceed with your request.
In addition, Stripe's
Data Access Tool
provides self-service access to some of the data from integrated Stripe products.
How do I unsubscribe from marketing emails?
If you are a Business User or Visitor, you may unsubscribe from Stripe marketing emails
here
. If you have any questions about how to opt-out of Stripe marketing communications, please contact us
here
.
If you are a Link user, you may opt-out from marketing-related emails by using the unsubscribe link in any marketing email you receive, or by managing your subscription preferences in the Link website. To manage your preferences log into your
Link account
, then navigate to your account settings. Turn “Marketing emails - Receive updates and deals from Link and its partners” on or off. Your email address will be opted out of email marketing communications as soon as possible.
When does Stripe continue to process data after it has received a deletion request or objection to the processing?
In certain circumstances, Stripe may be required by law to retain and process your Personal Data  even after a deletion request or objection to the processing.  For instance, Stripe is required to retain certain Personal Data it receives from its Business Users to satisfy legal obligations under Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) laws.
Stripe may also rely on compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing your Personal Data. Stripe may act on such grounds, for instance, when it takes steps to prevent fraud and financial crimes.  When Personal Data is necessary to enable or maintain the integrity of Stripe’s fraud detection and financial models, Stripe may not be able to honor requests to delete or stop processing that data.  If Stripe honored such requests, fraudsters might take advantage of its willingness to do so to seek deletion of data related to their past fraudulent activities.  Without such data, Stripe would be less able to recognize similar activities in the future.
What data may be shared or made available to enable me to see Stripe ads on other sites?
To enable visitors of Stripe.com to see Stripe ads on other sites, we use advertising APIs and server-side pixels. The data that Stripe shares or makes available to enable this advertising include identifiers, internet or other similar network activity, IP addresses, and device characteristics. Any potentially personally identifying details are hashed through cryptographic SHA-256 hashing. Click the below links to learn more about the data that may be shared or made available to enable this feature.  You can disable the toggle in the “advertising” section of our
cookie settings
page at any time.
Third party service
Data that we may share or make available
Service description
Learn more
Meta
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
The Meta Conversions API is a Meta business tool that creates a direct connection between your
marketing data and the Meta technologies that optimize ad performance. This helps you to
use your own marketing data to optimize ad targeting, decrease cost per action and see a
more complete picture of campaign outcomes while respecting people’s privacy.
https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/facebook-conversions-api
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/conversions-api/
Linkedin
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name,) last name.
With the Linkedin Conversions API, you can connect both your online and offline data to LinkedIn so you can see how your campaigns influenced actions taken on your website, sales completed over the phone, or leads collected in-person at an event.
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/a1655394
Reddit
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
The Reddit Conversions API is a server-to-server solution that shares your conversion data directly to Reddit’s platform without needing website code. By building a sustainable server-side connection, this integration is more resilient to signal loss and will help deliver stronger campaign performance via improved measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://business.reddithelp.com/helpcenter/s/article/Conversions-API
X
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
The X Conversions API is a server-to-server solution that shares your conversion data directly to X’s platform. By building a sustainable server-side connection, this integration is more resilient to signal loss and will help deliver stronger campaign performance via improved measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-ads-api/measurement/web-conversions/conversion-api
Line
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
Line Conversions API is a server-to-server solution that shares your conversion data directly to Line’s platform. By building a sustainable server-side connection, this integration is more resilient to signal loss and will help deliver stronger campaign performance via improved measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://conversion-api-docs.linebiz.com/en/
Google
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email.
The Google Tag is a tracking tag for Google’s advertising products (Search, Display, YouTube, GA4) enabling advertisers to serve a more personalised ad experience across Google’s advertising products. Combined with Google’s API solutions, advertisers can share conversion data to enhance on-site activity with offline customer interactions to improve measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/tag-manager/server-side/overview
https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/11347292?sjid=13132835489466327554-NC
Demandbase
IP address, timestamps of visit, referrer, page URL, cookie ID, Sign-up information, device and browser characteristics
The Demandbase tag reads the IP address and cookie of each visitor and passes that information to our identification API, which determines which company the visitor works for. In this way, we're able to measure visitors' interest in your company.
https://support.demandbase.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005051743-Understanding-the-Demandbase-Tag
Does Stripe honor the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signal?
Yes.  Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a signal that is sent by a web browser on your behalf that communicates your choice to opt-out of sharing for targeted advertisements.  If you have enabled GPC on your browser, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharing” when you interact with our site.  You can learn more about how to use opt-out preference signals by visiting the
Global Privacy Control website
.
Can I turn off tracking and advanced fraud signals?
Your web browser may allow you to manage your cookie preferences, including deleting or disabling Stripe cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, keep in mind that some features of our Site or Services may not operate as intended. Disabling cookies will not disable the collection of advanced fraud signals, which we use to prevent fraud on Stripe. The collection of this data is controlled by the Business User that integrated with Stripe. If a Business User seeks to disable this data collection, they can find instructions to do so through Stripe’s documentation. You can take a look at the help section of your web browser or follow the links below to understand your options for disabling cookies.
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Safari
Firefox
Opera
You can learn more about how businesses can disable collection of advanced fraud signals in our documentation for
disabling advanced fraud detection
.
How do I delete my account?
You can close your Stripe account from the Settings page on the Dashboard. You can read more about that on our support page:
Close a Stripe account
.
Please be aware that we will delete some, but not all, of the information that we hold, for the reasons explained below.
As a provider of payment services, Stripe is required to comply with many regulations, including anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws. These regulations and laws may require Stripe to retain transactional records associated with Business Users for a prescribed period of time after the close of the business relationship. You can read more about our underwriting obligations in our
Privacy Policy
.
How do I delete my Custom Connect account?
If you have a Custom Connect account, your account is managed by a Platform / Business User. They are the party responsible for managing payments for you and responding to your query; therefore we recommend reaching out to them for assistance.
How do I delete my Express Connect account?
If you have an Express Connect account, your account is managed by a Platform / Business User. They are the party responsible for managing payments for you and responding to your query; therefore we recommend reaching out to them for assistance.
What is the Privacy Policy for Stripe Media Services?
The Privacy Policy for Stripe Media Services (Media Privacy Policy) describes how Stripe collects and processes personal data in order to provide the Stripe Media Services, including Stripe Press, Increment, and Works in Progress. We encourage you to read our
Media Privacy Policy
to learn more.
Does Stripe localize storage of data in India?
Personal Data may be processed either locally in India or in any other country where we have operations or where we engage service providers, to the extent permitted under applicable laws of India. The entire payment system data will be stored only in India in accordance with the RBI data localization guidelines.
Where can I lodge my complaint on data handling in India?
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the treatment of your Personal Data in India, please contact our Nodal Officer and Grievance Officer:
Name - Yogender Singh
Email Address - complaints-in@stripe.com
Address - Prestige Tech Pacific Park, 10th Floor, Building 2, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk, Bangalore-560103 Karnataka, India
For more information about complaint handling, please visit
here
.
Separately, for law enforcement requests, please contact
LERequests@stripe.com
.
Notification IT Rules 2021
We are required to inform you that in case of non-compliance with rules and regulations, our Privacy Policy or user agreement, we have the right to terminate your access or usage rights immediately or remove non-compliant information or both, as the case may be.
Cookies & Other Technology
How does Stripe use cookies?
We use cookies to (1) ensure that our services function properly, (2) prevent and detect fraud and violations of our terms of service, (3) understand how visitors use and engage with our website and (4) analyze and improve our services. Depending on your relationship with Stripe and the domain you are visiting, different cookies apply. For instance some cookies are set on a public Stripe or Link domain, some on the Stripe Dashboard or a Link settings page, and some on the payment page available to end users who make payments using Stripe services, including Link.
Cookies play an important role in helping Stripe provide personal, effective and safe services. Please be mindful that we change the cookies periodically as we improve or add to our services. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
What is Stripe.js?
Stripe.js is a JavaScript library that businesses use to integrate Stripe and accept online payments (corresponding iOS and Android SDKs enable the same use cases). Stripe uses Stripe.js to facilitate fraud prevention technologies and the use of its Link payment services on the websites of Business Users.
For fraud detection, Stripe.js uses cookies, including `__stripe_mid`, `__stripe_sid`, and `m`, to collect signals differentiating legitimate behavior from fraudulent behavior.  For example, fraudsters and bots often spend less time on Business Users’ pages than legitimate End Customers. We are able to detect this behavior and use it in evaluating the risk that a transaction is fraudulent.
When you visit a site that uses Stripe, you might see this fraud prevention activity in a privacy report or tracker list on your web browser. Stripe doesn’t—and won’t—share or sell the fraud data it collects using Stripe.js to advertisers. Stripe works to keep this fraud detection data  secure and ensure it does not leave Stripe infrastructure. It is exchanged between the following Stripe-controlled hosts:js.stripe.com, m.stripe.network, and m.stripe.com, and access to this data is tightly restricted to a small number of Stripe employees whose security permissions are regularly reviewed. You can read more about how Stripe uses data for fraud prevention in our
Privacy Policy
.
Stripe also uses the Stripe.js library to implement cookies and similar technology such as `pay_sid`, `link.auth_session_client_secret`, and `elements_session` to enable Link to remember users’ information for faster checkout across Stripe merchant sites and to collect analytics related to Link’s implementation on checkout pages.
You should regularly review the Stripe cookies that are placed on your website and other data collected by Stripe.js. You should consult your counsel regarding how best to disclose this data collection to your customers, including by updating your cookie banner. But, here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy disclosures if they do not already include such information:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
What are advanced fraud signals?
Stripe’s advanced fraud detection looks at signals about device characteristics and user activity indicators that help distinguish between legitimate and fraudulent transactions. These signals are highly indicative of fraud and power Stripe’s fraud prevention systems, such as Radar. The signals are securely transmitted to Stripe’s backend by periodically making requests to the m.stripe.com endpoint.
You can learn more in our documentation for
advanced fraud detection
.
Why are advanced fraud signals not ad tracking?
Stripe only uses these advanced fraud detection signals to enable secure payments and prevent fraud. We don’t use this data to build individual profiles or share or sell it to third-party advertisers.
You can read more about how we use this data in our
Privacy Policy
.
What obligations should merchants keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
This article aims to provide information about the use of cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) on the websites where you as a merchant may use Stripe services and how the cookies support the functions and features of Stripe's services for merchants. For example, your use of certain Stripe services may load stripe.js. Stripe.js is a javascript library provided by Stripe, and in one of its functions it uses cookies for various purposes including fraud prevention, authentication, and analytics (for the avoidance of doubt, the elements_session analytics cookie is only set in some US states). Please refer to
https://stripe.com/cookie-settings
for more information. The specific cookies used by stripe.js depend on your configuration with the related Stripe products.
For example, one of the key features of stripe.js is the fraud prevention system provided by Stripe's Radar product. Radar uses cookies to help businesses reduce chargebacks and losses from fraudulent transactions.
Please note that the use of cookies may have legal implications depending on the geographical location of your business and customers. As a result, you may need to take appropriate action to ensure compliance with local regulatory requirements related to cookies.
You should regularly review the Stripe cookies that are placed on your website to ensure that your own privacy disclosures tell your end users about this type of data collection, and also update your cookie disclosure and/or consent banner accordingly after reviewing the cookies placed on your website.
Here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy disclosures if it does not already include such a disclosure:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Below is an overview of the specific cookies associated with each product and their respective functions for Embeddable Checkout, Elements, Radar, and Link.
Cookie Name
Category
Description
Cookie in use when using:
m
Fraud Prevention
Set for fraud prevention purposes and helps us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction.
Learn more
about advanced fraud detection.
Radar
__stripe_mid
Fraud Prevention
Set for fraud prevention purposes and helps us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction.
Learn more
about advanced fraud detection.
Radar
__stripe_sid
Fraud Prevention
Set for fraud prevention purposes and helps us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction.
Learn more
about advanced fraud detection.
Radar
pay_sid
Authentication
Provide a logged-in experience when a consumer uses link.com to make purchases on a merchant site.
Link, Embeddable Checkout, Checkout & Elements
__Host-LinkSession
Authentication
Stores consumer credentials to provide a one-click payment experience at checkout.
Link & Elements
link.auth_session_client_secret
Authentication
Provide a logged-in experience when a consumer uses Stripe-hosted payment UIs to make purchases and Crypto Onramp to purchase crypto.
Link
elements_session
Analytics
The `elements_session` US-only cookie allows us to measure the result of changes we make to the Stripe Elements product and ensure that the performance of the product continues to improve over time.
Embeddable Checkout, Elements & Link
How does Stripe remember payment method details for Link?
Link (formerly known as “Remember Me”) lets end users save and reuse their payment information for faster checkout at thousands of online businesses that use Stripe. When an end user makes a purchase via a Business User (i.e., merchant) that enables Link, the end user can ask Stripe to remember their payment method details, such as credit and debit card details. If an individual chooses to be remembered, Stripe will remember the end user’s email address, phone number, shipping address, and payment method details for future Link transactions.
The payment method details for future transactions may be remembered across multiple Stripe Business Users. Generally, once the cookie is set, the end user may make “1-click” purchases using Link when you check out, which means that Stripe will automatically populate the end user’s saved information into their checkout on their behalf, and use the information to complete the transaction faster.
If the end user enters their phone number or email address during a future Link transaction, Stripe will authenticate the end user by sending the end user a One Time Passcode (OTP), e.g. via an SMS message or email. If the end user correctly enters the OTP, Stripe or the Business User will set a cookie in the end user’s browser, indicating that the end user has been authenticated. If the end user does not enter the OTP, or elects to “log out” of their Link session then the cookie won’t remember the end user.
A cookie is only stored in a specific browser on a specific device. If an end user wishes to make 1-click purchases in a different browser or on a different device, they must go through the OTP authentication process for the new browser or device combination.
After 90 days, it will be necessary for the end user to re-complete the OTP process. The end user may also proactively remove the cookie by clearing cookies in their browser or by selecting the “log out” option when this option is presented in checkout.
If an end user no longer wishes for Stripe to remember their payment method details when they check out in the future, the end user may use the
self-service deletion tool
. Alternatively, the end user may also contact Stripe support to make this request.
The description above describes how an end user may control how their information is stored and used to check out. However, this does not affect the other contexts in which Stripe may store and use end user information. In particular, Stripe may store and use such information as described elsewhere on this Privacy Center - including for purposes such as for advanced fraud detection.
What obligations should Link users keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
Based on your integration choice (e.g., for Link in Elements), you may have legal responsibilities associated with cookies and similar technology that Stripe uses for fraud detection and/or authentication purposes.
You should always check with your legal counsel to understand how you should comply with applicable legal obligations with setting cookies and similar technology. This section has information to keep in mind.
Stripe cookies or similar technology are set on your domain (e.g. on your checkout flow) from the Stripe.js library. The current Stripe cookies from the Stripe.js library include fraud prevention cookies like `
__stripe_mid`
, `
__stripe_sid`
, and `
m`
, and also end-user authentication cookies like`
pay_sid`
and `
__Host-LinkSession`
.
You should regularly review the Stripe cookies that are placed on your website to ensure that your own privacy disclosures tell your end users about this type of data collection, and also update your cookie banner accordingly after reviewing the cookies placed on your website. Here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy disclosures if it does not already include such a disclosure:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Does Stripe use CAPTCHA to protect its website from fraud and abuse?
Yes, some of the Stripe sites may implement Google
reCAPTCHA
Enterprise to help prevent fraud and abuse. Information collected by Google is used to provide and improve reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
We may also use
hCAPTCHA Enterprise
to help protect Stripe’s sites and services from fraud and abuse, including by bots impersonating human beings.  When you access Stripe’s sites and services protected by hCAPTCHA, we may share data, including browser features and certain hashed identifiers with our hCAPTCHA provider Intuition Machines, Inc.  To the extent that this data is Personal Data, Intuition Machines processes it on Stripe’s behalf as a Data Processor.
Contact Us
Contact our Privacy team
If you have any outstanding privacy questions after reviewing the privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to reach out to us by
email
, or through our
form
.
If you’d like to send us physical mail, please send to:
Stripe, Inc.
354 Oyster Point Boulevard
South San Francisco, California, 94080, USA
Attention: Stripe Legal
Stripe Payments Europe Limited
1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, D02 H210, Ireland
Attention: Stripe Legal
Where can I learn more about Stripe’s security practices?
Visit our
security page
to learn more about Stripe’s security practices. You should
contact us
immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use or any other breach of security regarding the Stripe services.