Privacy Policy for Yodo1 - Apple Arcade |
Effective Date: September 15th, 2024
Who we are and how to contact us.
Who we are.
Yodo1 Ltd is the Controller (for the purposes of the GDPR) of your Personal Data
(referred to as either “Yodo1”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy). Our address is: Room A, 22/F
Southtex Building, NO.51 Tsun Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
How to contact us.
You can contact us by emailing:
privacy@yodo1.com .
Our EU Representative.
As Yodo1 does not have an establishment in the European Union, we have
appointed a representative based in England , who you may address to raise any issues or queries
you may have relating to our processing of your Personal Data and/or this Privacy Policy more
generally. Our EU representative can be contacted directly by emailing them at the following address:
EURep@Yodo1.com .
1. Data Collected
We collect various types of data from and about users and their devices to provide and improve the
gaming experience of Yodo1 Apple Arcade Games. This data includes:
Information Provided Directly by Users:
- Users will not be asked to create accounts. Rodeo Stampede will authenticate with Game
Center. If authenticated, game can access gamePlayerID and Game Center provided avatar.
- Customer Service Information: If users contact us for support or assistance, we may collect
the information provided during these interactions, including any messages sent to customer
service via email or in-game.
2. Data Retention
We retain user data as long as necessary to apply to direct developer correspondence such as phone
call, email, etc.
3. Permission and Withdrawing Permission
Users must grant permission through app settings to collect Game Center and gamePlayerID. Users
can decline to provide certain data, but this may limit their access to specific features of the game.
For example, if users decline to provide contact information, they may not be able to access in-game
messaging or multiplayer features.
4. Kids
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children as defined and required by
applicable laws. On any application where we ask for age and determine whether the user is under
13 years of age or above.
Yodo1 will only collect data for direct correspondence situations. We will promptly delete the data
from our records if we discover that we unintentionally collect or hold personal data relating to such
a user. Please contact us if you believe we collect or hold personal data relating to a user under 13
years of age.
5. Data Subject Rights
Users have certain rights regarding their personal information, which may vary depending on local
laws. These rights may include:
- The right to request access to personal information.
- The right to request correction of personal information.
- The right to request deletion of personal information.
To exercise these rights, users can contact us at the email provided above. We may verify users'
identities before processing these requests.
Contact Information
For questions about this Privacy Policy or our data processing practices, users can contact us at:
- Yodo1, L TD
- privacy@yodo1.com
- Room A, 22/F Southtex Building, NO.51 Tsun Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong