Home
Privacy Policy
Terms
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Reshape, inclusive of our affiliates (collectively referred to as "Reshape", "we", "us", or "our"), we place great emphasis on maintaining the security of the information we acquire from you or about you. This Privacy Policy elaborates on our approach towards handling the Personal Information that we gather from or about you when you make use of our website, applications, and services (jointly referred to as "Services"). However, this Privacy Policy does not cover the content that we process on behalf of our business offerings' customers, such as our API. The use of such data is regulated by the customer agreements that pertain to the access and usage of those offerings.
1. Data
Reshape collects data anonymously for analytics purposes. We collect user events (like button press), device model, OS version, and approximate location from the IP address.
Reshape stores the created digital artwork by you anonymously.
2. How we use data
Our use of this data is limited to the exclusive purpose of improving our services for our users. App usage data is used for the exclusive purpose of better understanding the manner in which users spend time in the Reshape app, so that we may improve our app experience.
3. Disclosure & Sharing
All data we collect is stored in a secure manner and shared with third parties only when this is necessary to enable the functionality of the application's offerings.
Amazon Web Services: We store the user-created digital artwork.
PostHog: We collect and store anonymous user events.
4. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
5. Changes to the privacy policy
This Privacy Policy may be subject to changes at our discretion from time to time. Whenever such changes are made, we will make sure to update the version available on this page, unless there's a requirement for a different form of notification under the applicable law.
All rights reserved - Reshape | 2024
Privacy Policy
Terms
Contact