Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Natural 20, or Natural 20 Lite, for mobile and desktop devices. Natural 20 is an app that generates dice, and other helpful randomization functions. Natural 20 Lite is based on the same code, but offers a selection of free features, with other features that can be unlocked via an in-app purchase. Natural 20 and Natural 20 Lite were created by Jon Lord, an independent developer.
What information does the Natural 20, or Natural 20 Lite obtain and how is it used?
Natural 20 Lite accesses and decrypts receipts from Apple’s App store. These are used to determine the presence of a purchase to Natural 20 Lite. This does not apply to Natural 20.
System information is automatically collected when you click to open a support request via Natural 20 or Natural 20 Lite. The support request template is then opened in your email program. The system information collected includes the version of Natural 20 or Natural 20 Lite, the operating system, and the device used.
User Provided Information
When you contact support; you generally provide your name, email address, and some information regarding your system. This information is retained to aid in the development of Natural 20 or Natural 20 Lite.
We do not use this information for marketing, and will only contact you when relevant to your query.
Automatically Collected Information
Crash reports, and aggregated usage data may be collected by Apple, if you have opted into these.
Does Natural 20, or Natural 20 Lite, collect precise real time location information of the device?
Natural 20, or Natural 20 Lite, do not collect information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by Natural 20?
Third party bug tracking software may be used to organise support requests. Currently in use is Pivotal Tracker.
What are my opt-out rights?
If you have contacted support, you can request to have your data removed via email.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. As such, there are reasonable safeguards in place to protect your information. Please be aware that, although we endeavour provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The new Privacy Policy will be posted here, with a clear list of amendments. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Currently no changes have been made to this privacy policy.
Your Consent
By using Natural 20, or Natural 20 Lite, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.