Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Website is owned and operated by Hexpress Healthcare Limited (‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’) trading as
https://www.healthexpress.co.uk
to users and visitors (‘you’,
            ‘your’). We take your privacy very seriously, and we are committed to protecting and respecting your
            privacy, and to using technology to enhance your online security. We ask that you read this Privacy Policy
            ('the Policy') carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how and why we collect,
            store, use, will use and share your personal data. It also explains your rights in relation to your personal
            data and how to contact us or supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
When we collect and use your personal data, we are subject to the UK’s Data Protection Act 2018 which sits
            alongside the UK GDPR that implements the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679
('the Regulation') and for
            the purposes of the Regulation, Hexpress Healthcare Limited is the 'data controller', that is, the company
            which is responsible for and controls the processing of your personal data.
We comply with recommended minimum retention periods for the storage of patient health records and the
            Organisation will follow these at all times.
Key terms
It would be helpful to start by explaining some key terms used in this policy:
We, us, our
HEXPRESS HEALTHCARE LIMITED, trading as
https://www.healthexpress.co.uk
Our data protection officer
Crawford Brysland
CMPLY LTD
crawford.brysland@cmply.co.uk
+44 203 823 6004
Personal data
Any data relating to an identified or identifiable individual
Special category personal data
Personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs,
                                philosophical
                                beliefs or trade union membership
Genetic and biometric data
Data concerning health, sex life or sexual orientation
Personal data we may collect
            about you
We may collect and use the following personal information about you:
Your name and contact information, including your address, your email address and telephone number,
                    and company
                    details;
Information to enable us to check and verify your identity, e.g. your date of birth;
Your opinions and medical details (this may include photographs or videos);
Your gender information;
Your location data;
Your billing information, transaction and payment card information;
Your contact history, purchase history and saved items;
Information to enable us to undertake credit or other financial checks on you;
Information about how you use our Website, IT, communication and other systems; and
Your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions.
Before you use certain areas of this Website, we will ask you to register on it by requiring you to enter
                your personal information, including 'sensitive personal data' as defined by the Regulation. For
                example, we will obtain your personal data when you register to use this Website, complete the online
                questionnaire, send us feedback, post material, contact us for any reason, sign up to a service, and
                purchase goods or services.
We may also obtain sensitive personal data about you if you provide
                    it by completing the online medical questionnaire. If you volunteer such information, you will be
                    consenting to our processing it for the purpose of obtaining a medical opinion and purchasing the
                    treatment
. This personal data is required to provide products and services to you. If you
                do not provide the personal information we ask for, it may prevent us from providing products and
                services to you. We may need to share this information with third party organisations who assist us in
                providing our services and products to you, for example, testing laboratories. We will keep this to the
                minimal amount necessary and ensure it is properly protected.
We may monitor your use of this Website through the use of cookies and similar tracking devices. For
                example, we may monitor how many times you visit, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and
                the originating domain name of a user's internet service provider. This information helps us to build a
                profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not
                be able to identify you individually. For further information on our use of cookies, please see our
                Cookie Policy. Occasionally we may receive information about you from other sources (such as credit
                reference agencies), which we will add to the information we already hold about you in order to help us
                personalise our service to you.
How your personal
            information is collected
We collect most of this personal information directly from you via our Website and app, or by telephone,
                text or email, or video consultation. We may also collect information directly from a third party, e.g.
                sanctions screening providers, credit reference agencies and customer due diligence providers; and from
                a third party with your consent, e.g. your local GP or private Doctor, from cookies on our Website, and
                via our IT systems, e.g. automated monitoring of our Websites and other technical systems, such as our
                computer networks and connections, communications systems, email and instant messaging systems.
How and why we use your
            personal information
Under data protection law, we can only use your personal information if we have a proper reason for doing
                so. Our reasons include but are not limited to:
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
For the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering
                        into a contract;
For the purposes of medical diagnosis and the provision of healthcare and treatment;
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party; and
Where you have given consent.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information, so long as
                this is not overridden by your own rights and interests.
The table below explains what we use (process) your personal information for and our reasons for doing
                so:
What we use your personal information for
Our reasons
To provide treatment to our customers and for billing and order fulfilment
To help us identify our customers and any accounts they hold with us.
To notify our customers of any changes to this Website or to our services that may
                                affect them.
Necessary for the purposes of medical diagnosis and for the provision of healthcare and
                                treatment
For the performance of our contract with our customers, or to take steps at their
                                request before entering into a contract
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party
Because you have given consent
To prevent and detect fraud against our company or our customers
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, i.e. to minimise fraud that
                                could be damaging for our customers, suppliers or us.
Conducting checks to identify our customers and verify their identity
Security vetting and screening for financial and other sanctions or embargoes
Fraud prevention and detection
Other processing necessary to comply with professional, legal and regulatory obligations
                                that apply to our business, e.g. under health and safety regulation or rules issued by
                                our professional regulator
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Gathering and providing information required by or relating to audits, enquiries or
                                investigations by government, enforcement, professional or regulatory authorities/ bodies
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Ensuring business policies are adhered to, e.g. policies covering security and internet
                                use
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, i.e. to make sure we are
                                following our own internal procedures so we can deliver the best service to our
                                customers
Operational reasons, such as administration, improving efficiency, auditing, training and
                                quality control analysis
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, i.e. to be as efficient as we
                                can so we can deliver the best service for our customers at the best price
Ensuring the confidentiality of commercially sensitive information
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, i.e. to protect trade secrets
                                and other commercially valuable information
                                To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Statistical and behavioural analysis, research and surveys to help us manage our
                                business, e.g. in relation to our financial performance, customer base, product range or
                                other efficiency and effectiveness measures
Customer profiling and analysing our customers' purchasing preferences.
Customising this Website and its content to our customers' particular preferences.
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to be as efficient as we can
                                so we can deliver the best service for our customers at the best price
Preventing unauthorised access and modifications to systems
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to prevent and detect
                                criminal activity that could be damaging for us and for our customers
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Updating and enhancing customer records
For the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before
                                entering into a contract
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, e.g. making sure that we can
                                keep in touch with our customers about existing orders and new products
Statutory returns
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Ensuring safe working practices, staff administration and assessments
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, e.g. to make sure we are
                                following our own internal procedures and working efficiently so we can deliver the best
                                service to our customers
Marketing our services to:
—Existing and former customers;
—Third parties who have previously expressed an interest in our services;
—Third parties with whom we have had no previous dealings.
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, i.e. to promote our business
                                to existing and former customers
Credit reference checks via external credit reference agencies
For our legitimate interests and/or those of a third party, i.e. to ensure our customers
                                are likely to be able to pay for our products and services
External audits and quality checks, e.g. for ISO or Investors in People accreditation
                                and the audit of our accounts
For our legitimate interests or a those of a third party, i.e. to maintain our
                                accreditations so we can demonstrate we operate at the highest standards
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Promotional communications
We may use your personal information to send you updates (by email, text message, telephone or post)
                about our services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new services.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information for promotional purposes (see above
                '
How and why we use your personal information
'). This means we do not usually need your
                consent to send you promotional communications. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this
                consent separately and clearly.
We will always treat your personal information with the utmost respect and never share it with other
                organisations for marketing or other purposes. If you have given permission for us to process your
                personal data, we may share your personal data with associated companies and organisations that are our
                business partners and we or they may contact you (unless you have asked us or them not to do so) by
                mail, email, telephone, SMS, text/picture/video message, fax, about our services, products, promotions,
                offers, charitable causes that may be of interest to you.
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time by:
Contacting us
Using the 'unsubscribe' link in emails or 'STOP' number in texts
Updating your marketing preferences on your secure members area
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you instruct us to provide further
                products and services in the future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of
                our business.
Who we share your
            personal information with
We routinely share personal information with:
Associated companies and business partners;
Third parties we use to help deliver our products and services to you, e.g. payment service
                    providers, warehouses and delivery companies;
Other third parties we use to help us run our business, e.g. marketing agencies or Website hosts;
Third parties approved by you, e.g. social media sites you choose to link your account to or third
                    party payment providers;
Law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity;
Credit reference agencies;
Our insurers and brokers;
Our bank(s); and
Our regulators.
We share your personal information with third parties who help us to deliver targeted marketing campaigns
                and to personalise your experience online. You can opt out by:
Contacting our customer services team on the details below to inform us that you would like to
                    opt-out of
                    the use of your personal information.
Deleting cookies from your devices and browsers.
If you are using Safari browser version 11.2 or above, toggling the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting on
                    your
                    device or computer.
If you have an Apple device, updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and setting Limit Ad Tracking to 'ON'.
If you have an Android device, selecting "Google on your main settings menu, choosing the "Ads"
                    option and
                    selecting "Opt out of Ads Personalization".
We only allow our service providers to handle your personal information if we are satisfied they take
                appropriate measures to protect your personal information. We also impose contractual obligations on
                service providers to ensure they can only use your personal information to provide services to us and to
                you. We may also share personal information with external auditors, e.g. in relation to ISO or Investors
                in People accreditation and the audit of our accounts.
We may disclose and exchange information with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies to comply
                with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We may also need to share some personal information with other parties, such as potential buyers of some
                or all of our business or during a restructuring. Usually, information will be anonymised but this may
                not always be possible. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.
Where your personal
            information is held
Information may be held at our offices and those of our associated companies,third party agencies,
                service
                providers, representatives and agents as described above,see above:
'Who we share your personal
                    information with'
.
Some of these third parties may be based outside the European Economic Area. For more information,
                including on how we safeguard your personal information when this occurs, see below:
'Transferring your personal
                    information out of the EEA'.
How long your personal data
            will be kept
We will keep your personal data while you have an account with us or we are providing products and
                services to
                you. Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:
To respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;
To show that we treated you fairly;
To keep records required by law.
We will not retain your personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this
                policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of personal information. When it is no
                longer
                necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymise it.
Keeping your personal data secure
We have appropriate security measures to prevent personal data from being accidentally lost, or used or
                accessed
                unlawfully. We limit access to your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to access
                it. Those
                processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of
                confidentiality. We continually test our systems.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and
                any
                applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:
Your data is stored on secure servers.
Payment details are encrypted using SSL technology.
Access to your account is controlled by a password and username that are unique to you.
While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of
                the
                internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any
                personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your
                computers and
                devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit
www.getsafeonline.org
. Get Safe Online is
                supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
Monitoring
We may monitor and record communications with you such as telephone conversations and emails for the
                purpose of training, quality assurance, fraud prevention and compliance.
Credit checking
To enable us and other companies in our group or partner companies to make credit decisions about you and
                for fraud prevention and money laundering purposes, we may search the files of credit reference and
                fraud prevention agencies (who will record the search). We may disclose information about how you
                conduct your account to such agencies and your information may be linked to records relating to other
                people living at the same address with whom you are financially linked. Other credit grantors may use
                this information to make credit decisions about you and the people with whom you are financially
                associated, as well as for fraud prevention, debtor tracing and money laundering purposes. If you
                provide false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this.
Information about other
            individuals
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you
                to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can:
Receive on his/her behalf any data protection notices.
Give consent to the transfer of his/her personal data abroad.
Give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his/her personal data.
Give consent to the processing of his/her sensitive personal data such as health information.
Transferring your
            personal data out of the EEA
In order to provide our services and to meet all our obligations, it may be necessary for us to transfer
                your
                personal data to countries located outside the European Economic Area (EEA). By way if an example, we
                may share
                your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
With our business partners outside the EEA;
With your and our service providers located outside the EEA;
If you are based outside the EEA; and
Where there is an international dimension to the services we are providing to you.
When you registered with this Website, you agreed that we may transfer your personal data to countries
                outside
                the EEA. Please rest assured that we will always ensure any transfer is subject to appropriate security
                measures
                to safeguard your personal data. These transfers are subject to special rules under European and UK data
                protection law.
We may transfer your personal data to countries assessed by the European Commission as providing an
                adequate
                level of protection for personal information. We may equally transfer your personal data to non-EEA
                countries,
                which do not have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and EEA and in those
                circumstances, we
                will, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law and we will use standard data protection
                contract
                clauses that have been approved by the European Commission, thus safeguarding your privacy rights and
                giving you
                remedies in the unlikely event of a security breach.
If you would like further information please contact us or our Data Protection Officer (see '
How
                    to
                    contact us
'
                below).
Your rights
You have the following rights:
Access
The right to be provided with a copy of your personal information (the right of
                                    access)
Rectification
The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your personal information
To be forgotten
The right to require us to delete your personal information—in certain situations
Restriction of processing
The right to require us to restrict processing of your personal information—in
                                    certain circumstances, e.g. if you contest the accuracy of the data
Data portability
The right to receive the personal information you provided to us, in a structured,
                                    commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third
                                    party—in certain situations
To object
The right to object:
—at any time to your personal information being processed for direct marketing
                                    (including profiling);
—in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal
                                    information, e.g. processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate
                                    interests.
Not to be subject to automated individual decision-making
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing
                                    (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly
                                    significantly affects you
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, please
                contact us or see the
Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) on individuals' rights
                    under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
Email, call or write to us or our Data Protection Officer—see below: '
How to contact
                        us
'; and
Provide us with enough information to identify you, e.g. your full name, address, username,
                    registration details and customer or account or order reference number;
Provide us with proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a
                    recent utility or credit card bill);
Specify the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with (if you are adding us
                    to correct any inaccuracies in your data);
Specify the channel you are objecting to (if you are asking us to stop processing your personal data
                    for direct marketing purposes and your objection is not to direct marketing in general, but to
                    direct marketing by a particular channel e.g. email or telephone);
Confirm the right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check this Privacy Policy
                occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access
                this Website.
Cookie policy
You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with our Cookie Policy which can be found
here
.
How to contact us
We welcome your feedback and questions. Please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by post, email
                or telephone if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you.
Our contact details are shown below:
Registered office address: 106 Lower Addiscombe Road, Croydon CR0 6AD, United Kingdom
Contact email address:
enquiry@healthexpress.co.uk
Contact telephone number:
0203 322 9966
.
Our Data Protection Officer contact details are shown below:
Crawford Brysland
CMPLY LTD
crawford.brysland@cmply.co.uk
+44 203
                            823 6004
How to complain
We hope that we or our Data Protection Officer can resolve any query or concern you may raise about our
                use of your information.
The
General Data Protection Regulation
also gives you the right to lodge a complaint
                with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state
                where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The
                supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint
or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Do you need extra help?
If you would like this notice in another format (for example audio, large print, braille) please contact
                us (see '
How to contact us
' above).
What's on this page?
Key terms
Personal data we
                        may collect
                        about you
How your
                        personal information is collected
How and why
                        we use your personal information
Promotional communications
Who we share
                        your personal information with
Where your
                        personal information is held
How long your
                        personal data will be kept
Keeping your personal
                        data secure
Monitoring
Credit checkings
Information about
                        other individuals
Transferring your personal data out of the EEA
Your rights
Changes to this Privacy
                        Policy
Cookie policy
How to contact us
How to complain
Do you need extra help?
Fill out a short
medical form
Select
medication
Doctor issues
prescription
Medication sent
from pharmacy