DETA GROUP YAZILIM BİLİŞİM HİZMETLERİ İÇ VE DIŞ TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ
Introduction
RoyalVPN takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”) explains our data protection
          policy and describes the types of information we may process when you use one or more of our mobile
          applications (the “App”, “our App”) and explains how we and some of the companies we cooperate processing that
          information.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally
          identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this
          privacy policy.
Sale of data
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data
          and
          information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include
          information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
          configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
          statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These
          are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and
          libraries
          that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or
          refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies,
          you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
          acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
          electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We encourage all children to
          never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. We encourage
          parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by
          instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or
          Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally
          identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at
          least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country
          (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically
          for
          any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
[email protected]