Weddings
Data protection policy
Privacy Notice
Last update: September 2024
Table of contents:
Contact information of Hitched
Introduction
What personal data do we collect?
How do we use your personal data?
From what sources do we collect your personal data?
To whom do we transfer your personal data?
Summary table about our processing activities
How do we use cookies and analysis tools?
What are your options and rights?
International data transfer
How long do we retain your personal data?
How do we protect your personal data?
Data of minors
1.
Contact information of Hitched
Hitched Limited (hereinafter, "Hitched"), with registered office at Augustine House, 6A Austin Friars, London EC2N 2HA, United Kingdom and email address
gdpr@hitched.co.uk
, is Responsible for Processing your personal data.
You can contact Hitched via the email and post aforementioned, as well as via phone call to the phone number indicated in the General Conditions of Use.
In case you make a phone call, Hitched informs you that the call may be recorded due to service quality reasons and tracking of incidence resolution.
2.
Introduction
This privacy notice ('Privacy Notice') informs you about the collection and use of personal data by Hitched Limited ('Hitched', 'the Website', 'we'). It also describes the options you have at your disposal to exercise your rights and keep control of your personal data.
We recommend reading this Privacy Notice carefully before using the services from Hitched and providing personal data via any of its functionalities.
Hitched can modify the content of the Privacy Notice at any time, especially if there are modifications in the legislation or interpretation of the control authority that may affect the data processing we carry out. The new version shall come into effect on the last modification’s date. You will be notified by email or by any method that ensures its receipt in case any significant modifications take place. Likewise, we recommend reading this Privacy Notice periodically to be aware of the modifications and updates.
3.
What personal data do we collect?
The personal data that Hitched collects is:
Identification data:
name, surname, photo, ID, IP address, voice, username on social media (name and surname, in case you use or interact via social media and these are evident or can be deduced).
Contact information:
landline phone number, mobile phone number, email, address, username on social media (email, in case you access or interact via social media and these are evident or can be deduced).
Personal characteristics' information:
date of birth, place of birth, city, residence country, sex.
Financial and economic data:
bank information, payment information.
Commercial data:
activity and business, data included in the professional’s profile.
Job details’ information:
position or job, professional category or group, company, corporate contact information.
Content generated by the User:
photos, videos, audio, events’ information, information published in the Wedding Community forum and in vendor storefronts, reviews for vendors and reviews of the services of Hitched.
Information collected during communications:
any additional information that you freely provide during the communications with Hitched via online forms, email, virtual assistant, phone or postal mail, as well as summaries or voice recordings of your interactions with the sales departments or customer service.
Information for surveys or draws:
necessary information for your participation in surveys or draws and for the delivery of the prize, when applicable.
Information and images of third parties:
personal data of third parties entered through the use of tools such as the Guest list or the wedding website (or similar); or, through the use of Hitched's services or tools whereby you provide information and images about other people (such as your fiancé, partner, family, vendors, or guests). By providing this information, you declare that you are authorised to provide it.
Information and identifiers of the device:
IP address, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, software and hardware attributes, and unique device, advertising and application identifiers.
Login and usage data:
information about downloaded files, domain names, landing pages, browsing activity, content, or advertisements viewed and clicked on, dates and times of access, pages viewed, forms completed or partially completed, search terms, uploads or downloads, opening of an email and interaction with email content, access times, error logs and other similar information.
Social media information:
when you access via third parties’ connection or log in, we may have access to the information you provide to that social network, such as name, email address, friends’ list, photo, sex, location and current city. We may also have access to the information you provide directly via Hitched’s profile on social media and blogs (such as Facebook, Instagram and X).
Geolocation:
city, province, country and postal code associated with the IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; and, with your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings, precise geolocation information from the GPS-based functionality of mobile devices.
Once the registration is completed, the photographs and data contained in your user profile will be visible publicly to other users on Hitched, as well as through the results of the various Internet browsers.
As a User, you guarantee that the personal data provided to Hitched is truthful and up to date, and that you will be responsible for making or requesting any modification or update of the same through the tools provided by the Website. You are solely responsible for the inaccuracy or untruth of such data and for any damage that may be caused by it to Hitched or to third parties due to the use of such data when using the services of Hitched.
4.
How do we use your personal data?
Hereafter, we provide you with the objectives for which Hitched collects your personal data. Likewise, in section 7 of this policy we show you a summary table where you will be able to see the data collected for each service, as well as its legal basis.
Service delivery to couple users:
Make it quick and easy for you to search for companies that offer services and products related to your event according to province, sector of activity, type of service and town. Make it easy for you to create a personal profile that will be accessible to other users of the website. To provide you with all the necessary information for the celebration of your wedding through articles and advice published on the Website. Access to the Wedding Community forum, where you will be able to add content and interact with the rest of the users of the Website.
Service delivery to professional users:
advertise the services and products of the professional users related to the celebration of a wedding by creating an advertisement including its contact information, such as address, phone number, business’ location, description, and photographs of the services and products, as well as names, surnames, and contact phones of the people in charge of the management of the advertisement.
Communications between Users:
To facilitate contact between the professionals who advertise their services on Hitched and Users, through requests for information via email, telephone, chatbot or any other channel offered by the Website. When you make a request for information to one of the professionals advertised on our website, we will show you a pop-up in which you will be shown professionals similar to the one you have sent your request to, and we will ask you if you want us to send a request on your behalf to the proposed professionals. We will only send them if you authorise us to do so by ticking the boxes on the pop-up.
Wedding assistant’s service:
To provide you with a wedding planning assistance service, consisting of advice and assistance in locating and selecting suppliers for the organisation of your wedding. This service is provided by contacting you by telephone or through the virtual assistant and sending requests for information to the professionals advertised on the Website.
Contact with you:
have a fluid and dynamic conversation with you via any channel, including social media and instant messaging platforms (including WhatsApp). We will contact you to answer any information request and to provide you with our customer service and technical support. We will also provide you with information and updates about our Services (for example, to tell you about updates to our Services, updates to your user account or to notify you about business transactions you make). In these cases, without prejudice to the application of the Hitched Privacy Policy, the corresponding Social Media or instant messaging platform’s Privacy Policy shall also apply. We recommend analysing these Privacy Policies in detail. To analyse the recordings of incoming and outgoing telephone calls for reasons of quality of service, resolution of internal incidents and for the improvement or development of new products and services.
Use of content generated by the User:
advertise the services and products of the professional Users or of Hitched by illustrating articles, newsletters, Wedding Community forums, as well as publishing on internal and external channels, such as social media, press releases and similar media.
Hitched processes your data with the objectives aforementioned to fulfil its contractual obligations, which means, provide you with the services you request by logging in or accessing the Website.
Personalise your experience:
carry out analysis, searches and reports to better understand how our Services work, so we can improve them; personalise the content on the Services depending on your activities and interests; improve the performance of the Sites and the user’s experience; develop new products and services; create and update audience segments that may be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third-party services and platforms, and mobile applications; create profiles about you, which may be used for analytics, marketing and advertising.
Fraud prevention and website’s security:
analyse the content of the chats where users interact with each other and with the Hitched’s team to be able to verify that the services offered by the Website are used lawfully. We carry out this analysis to prevent fraud or illicit actions, actions against our policies or any or current regulations; monitor, prevent and detect potential incidents; fight spam or other malware or security risks.
Hitched is entitled to process your data for the reasons aforementioned due to the legitimate interest of the entity, expressly recognised by privacy regulations, to be able to provide the service properly.
Contact you for marketing reasons:
Sending promotional and informative electronic communications about services provided by companies with which Hitched has commercial agreements (this includes its own commercial communications, those of professional Users and third parties). These communications are associated with the wedding industry and with the needs or interests that the couple may have during the process of organising said event. For these purposes, products, or services in the wedding industry are understood to be all products and services included on the Website at present and in the future, as well as any product, service, or campaign aimed at the wedding industry.
Hitched is entitled to process your data with the objective aforementioned, based on the legitimate interest of Hitched. This legitimate interest is justified by the contractual relationship between Hitched and its Users. The sent information is related to the products and relevant services of the wedding businesses, which are provided by Hitched, unless you have decided not to receive these communications. These promotional electronic communications shall be sent during the time of your relationship with Hitched or until you request to stop receiving them.
Hitched establishes two methods by which the Users who request it could easily, quickly and free-of-charge modify or delete these services:
(i) though the User’s menu, by deactivating the sending option in the subsection, ‘Notifications’ in the section, ‘My Account’, or
(ii) following the instructions indicated at the bottom of the body of the electronic communications.
5.
From which sources do we collect your personal data?
Hitched will collect your personal data from the following information sources:
Directly from you: for example, when you visit our websites; when you sign in as a user on our websites; when you buy any of our products; when you contact us online or via offline channels; when you accept receiving notifications and promotional content from us; or when you freely provide information for any purpose;
From third parties: for example, people who provide information about you in connection with their event or profile; vendors and service providers with whom we interact; social networks, in accordance with your privacy preferences on those services; the event providers with whom you communicate; surveys or sweepstakes partners; research and analytics service providers; marketing and advertising service providers; conference and other event organisers; platforms and payment gateways that collect this information on our behalf and that also have an independent relationship with you; our affiliates or other Group companies; and
From tracking technologies or other automated sources: for example, cookies and other tracking technologies used in our websites.
6.
To whom do we transfer your personal data?
Hitched informs you that your data shall be transferred to other Users (wedding vendors) to whom you request information by the form displayed when selecting ‘Request a quote’ on these professionals’ advertisements, so they reply to your information requests.
Likewise, your data could be transferred to the following recipients and due to the reasons indicated below:
Public Administrations, State Security Forces or Judges and Courts:
to comply with the legal obligations to which Hitched is subject due to its activity.
Service suppliers
that need to process your data to provide services to Hitched, and with whom Hitched has non-disclosure and data processing agreements requested by the current regulations.
TKWW group companies:
we will share the information we collect within the Hitched group of companies to ensure a consistent level of service across all products and services and to improve your user experience.
Business partners:
we share your personal data with business partners whose offers we think may be of interest to you; collaborative partners to provide collaborative products or services, including contests, sweepstakes, and joint activities; third-party advertisers and ad networks to provide relevant content and advertising, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use.
Acquiring parties in corporate transactions:
in the event of a merger, acquisition, sale of all or part of its assets or any other type of corporate transaction involving a third party, we may share, disclose or transfer your data to the acquiring entity (including during the pre-transaction phase).
7.
Summary table about our processing activities
Personal data category
Objectives of the processing
Legal basis for the data processing
Identification
Personal characteristics
Information collected through social media
Service delivery to the couple users
Service delivery to professional users
Wedding assistant’s service
Communication between Users
Contact with you
Personalise your experience
Fraud prevention and website’s security
Contact you for marketing reasons
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched
The last three objectives are necessary for a legitimate interest of Hitched
Financial and economic
Service delivery to couple and professional users
Management of prizes, promotions and draws made by Hitched
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched
Job’s details
Service delivery to professionals
Communication between Users
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched
Commercial data
Service delivery to professionals
Communication between Users
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched
Content generated by the user
Information collected during communications
Service delivery to couple and professional users
Contact with you
Communication between Users
Wedding’s assistant service
Use of content generated by the user
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched, which means provide you with the service.
Information and images of third parties
Service delivery to couple and professional users
Use of content generated by the user
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched
Information and identifiers of the device
Login and usage data
Geolocation data
Service delivery to couple and professional users
Personalise your experience
Contact you for marketing reasons
Fraud prevention and website’s security
The processing is necessary to be able to fulfil the contractual obligations of Hitched
In case it is necessary, the processing will have your consent (cookies)
8.
How do we use cookies and analysis tools?
Hitched uses cookies or other tracking and tracing tools to collect information about Users' use of the Website. For more information about the cookies used by the Website, please check our
Cookie Policy
and the consent management platform available there.
9.
What are your options and rights?
You can exercise your rights of access, rectification, deletion, portability, limitation, and opposition by filling in the form you will find at
this link
.
Requests to exercise your rights will be processed within the corresponding maximum period in accordance with the applicable regulations.
If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the law or your rights, you can submit a complaint to Hitched, or to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or to the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
10.
International data transfer
Hitched informs you that the personal data you provide on the Website may be transferred to the parent company of the group of companies to which Hitched is part, the US company The Knot Worldwide Inc., and some of their affiliates also located in third countries whose data protection laws may differ from those of your country. For this reason, Hitched has signed the transfer mechanisms adopted by the competent data protection authorities, including the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission that guarantee a level of protection equivalent to European and UK standards.
Hitched also informs you that it has contracted the services of technology providers located in countries that do not have regulations equivalent to European regulations. These suppliers have signed with Hitched the confidentiality and data processing agreements required by the regulations for suppliers located in Third Countries, which include the standard contractual clauses for international data transfers outside the European Union approved by the European Commission. In some cases, suppliers are certified in programmes that ensure that the transfer of data is secure and complies with applicable data protection regulations (e.g. Data Privacy Framework for transfers to the United States). In these cases, Hitched ensures that certified suppliers maintain their certification throughout the business relationship with Hitched.
11.
How long do we retain your personal data?
Your data will be kept for as long as your relationship with Hitched is maintained and, after the termination of such relationship for any reason, for the statutory limitation periods that apply in relation to the legitimate purposes for which your personal data is processed.
After the termination of the relationship, personal data will be processed for the sole purpose of proving compliance with the legal or contractual obligations of Hitched or for the defence of judicial or extrajudicial claims. At the end of these periods of limitation, your data will be deleted or, alternatively, anonymised.
12.
How do we protect your personal data?
Hitched has adopted technical and organisational measures that provide an appropriate level of security for personal data to prevent their alteration, loss, unauthorised processing or access, considering the state of the technology, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context, and purposes of the processing, and the risks to which they are exposed.
13.
Data of minors
The insertion on the Website of personal data of minors and, in particular, of their image, implies the express and unreserved declaration of the User who inserts them:
That he/she holds or has the consent of the holder of the rights necessary to use the data or image of the minor.
That the insertion of the aforementioned data in no way harms the minor or violates any of his or her rights.
That expressly exonerates Hitched.ie from any possible claim derived from this fact, assuming the User the full responsibility resulting from such claim.