About BigBasket
- What is b2b.bigbasket.com
- Why shop at b2b.bigbasket.com?
- How to order
- Where we operate
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
- Return & Refunds
FAQ's
Contact Us
Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited (“IRCPL” or “we”) takes the privacy of your information seriously. This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes the types of personal information we collect from you, through our stores, other premises, website (including sub-domains and microsites) mobile applications, or other means. It describes the purposes for which we collect that personal information, the other parties with whom we may share it, and the measures we take to try and protect it. It also tells you about some of your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
You are advised to carefully read this Privacy Notice before using or availing any of our products and/or services. By doing so you are consenting to the collection and processing of your Data (including SPDI) in accordance with the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Our products and services are targeted at users in India, and this Privacy Notice is intended to comply with the laws of India. If you are accessing or using the website or mobile application from an overseas location, you are requested to independently validate the impact of any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice at any time, in part or as a whole, write to our Grievance Office at the address specified below.
1. DEFINITIONS
In this Privacy Notice, the following definitions are used:
Cookies
a small file placed on your device by our website or mobile application when you either visit or use certain features of our website or mobile application. A cookie generally allows a website to remember your actions or preference for a certain period of time.
Data
means personal information and SPDI about you, which either directly or indirectly in combination with other information, could allow you to be identified when you visit our [stores, website and/or mobile application].
Data Protection Laws
any applicable law for the time being in force relating to the processing of Data, including the Information Technology Act, 2000 and Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011, as amended or replaced from time to time.
Partners
select third parties (including Tata Group Entities) with whom we have contracts or arrangements through which they may offer products or services to You or our other users, and to whom we may disclose your Data for a relevant purpose.
Service Providers
includes entities to whom we, or other Tata Group Entities, will disclose your Data in order for them to process it for the purpose of providing services to us pursuant to written contract.
SPDI
the Data Protection Laws define sensitive personal data or information of a person as personal information about that person relating to (a) passwords; (b) financial information such as bank account credit and debit card details or other payment instrument details; (c) physical, physiological and mental health condition; (d) sexual orientation; (e) medical records and history; or (f) biometric information.
IRCPL
IRCPL, a company incorporated in India whose registered office is at Ranka Junction, No. 224 (old Sy No.80/3), 4th Floor, Vijinapura, Old Madras Road, K R Puram, Bangalore - 560016, India
Tata Group Entity
Tata Sons Private Limited, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, associate companies and joint venture companies with whom we have a contractual arrangement to, inter alia, share data for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
User or you
the natural person who accesses our stores, website or mobile application.
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
IRCPL collects Data for various purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. This Data includes, without limitation, the following categories 1 :
Contact information: first and last name, email address, postal address, country, employer, phone number and other similar contact data.
Financial information: payment instrument information, transactions, transaction history, preferences, method, mode and manner of payment, spending pattern or trends, and other similar data.
Technical information: website, device and mobile app usage, Internet Protocol (IP) address and similar information collected via automated means, such as cookies, pixels and similar technologies.
Transaction information: the date of the transaction, total amount, transaction history and preferences and related details.
Product and service information: Your account membership number, registration and payment information, and program-specific information, when you request products and/or services directly from us, or participate in marketing programs.
Personal information: Age, sex, date of birth, marital status, nationality, details of government identification documents provided, occupation, ethnicity, religion, travel history, or any other personal information provided in responses to surveys or questionnaires.
Your reviews, feedback and opinions about our products, programmes and services.
Loyalty programme information: your loyalty membership information, account details, profile or password details and any frequent flyer or travel partner programme affiliation.
Payment instrument information – through our application pages , you may choose a 3 rd payment service provider of your choice for making payment and may agree to store your payment instrument details with the chosen service provider/s. The payment instrument data is managed by service provider/s.
3. HOW WE COLLECT DATA
We collect Data in the following ways:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or mobile application or give us in any other way (e.g., at outlets, stores, hotels, kiosks). Please see the section titled “Data Shared by You” for more information.
Automatic Information We Collect:
We use “cookies”, pixels and similar technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Please see the section below, titled “Data that is Collected Automatically” for more information.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more relevant and interesting, we often receive a confirmation (if your device supports such capabilities) when you open e-mail from us or click on a link in the e-mail. You can choose not to receive marketing emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any marketing email.
Automatic Information We Collect from Other Websites:
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with third-party websites that use our technology or with whom we have a specific agreement. Because we process this information on behalf of the applicable website operators, collection, processing, and use of such information is subject to the applicable website operators’ privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy Notice.
Information from Other Sources:
We may obtain information from other sources. An example of this is when you authorize a third-party website (such as the website of another Tata Group Entity), to interact directly with our website or mobile application to provide or receive Data about you. In that case, we might
Information Previously Provided to Tata Group Entities:
Where you have shared any information previously with any of the Tata Group Entities and have consented to the further sharing of such information, such information will be shared with us by the Tata Group Entities.
You can make choices about our collection and use of your Data. For example, you may want to access, edit or remove your Data on our website or mobile application. When you are asked to provide Data, you may decline, however, in such a case, you may not be able to avail benefit of some of our products, programmes or services or access our stores or physical premises.
4. DATA SHARED BY YOU
IRCPL may collect your Data in several ways from your use of our stores, website or mobile application. For instance:
when you register with us to receive our products and/or services;
when you conduct a transaction with us or attempt a transaction at our stores, on our website or mobile application;
when you complete surveys conducted by or for us;
when you elect to receive any communications (including promotional offers) from us;
from the information gathered by your visit to our stores, website or mobile application; or
by way of correlation or inferences from information sourced from sources, which have collected or processed this data based on your consent.
5. DATA THAT IS COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
We automatically collect some information when you visit our website or use our mobile application. This information helps us to make improvements to our content and navigation. The information collected automatically includes your IP address.
Our web servers or affiliates who provide analytics and performance enhancement services collect IP addresses, operating system details, browsing details, device details and language settings. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar information. Tata X uses this information to measure the site usage, improve content and to ensure safety and security, as well enhance performance of our website or mobile application.
We may collect your Data automatically via Cookies, pixels and similar technologies in line with settings on your browser. For more information about Cookies, please see the section below, titled
“Cookies”.
6. OUR USE OF DATA
Any or all the above Data may be required by us from time to time to provide information relating to IRCPL and to work on the experience when using our website or mobile application. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
carry out our obligations arising from any contract entered into between you and us;
provide (including customizing and improving) products and/or services and communicate with you about products and/or services offered by us;
enable payment, billing and invoicing related purposes;
enable Tata Group Entities, Service Providers and Partners to offer their products and/or services and communicate with you about such products and/or services;
processing, disclosing, transmitting, and/or sharing the Data with Tata Group Entities, and other third parties which have business or contractual dealings with us for any legitimate purpose/use and in terms of this Privacy Notice;
provide you with offers (including for financial products and/or services), personalized services and recommendations and improve your experience on our website and mobile application;
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including for administration and management related purposes), website and mobile application;
generate aggregated data to prepare insights to enable us to understand customer behaviour, patterns and trends with a view to learning more about your preferences or other characteristics;
provide privileges and benefits to you, marketing and promotional campaigns based on your profile;
in connection with loyalty programs owned and operated by us or by other Tata Group Entities;
communicate with you (including to respond to your requests, questions, feedback, claims or disputes) and to customize and improve our services;
enforce the terms of use of our website and mobile application;
protect against and prevent fraud, illegal activity, harm, financial loss and other legal or information security risks; and
serve other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection, and as otherwise authorized or required by applicable law. We treat these inferences as personal information (or SPDI, as the case may be), where required under applicable law. Some of the above grounds for processing will overlap and there may be several grounds which justify our use of your personal information. Where required under applicable law, we will only use your personal information with your consent; as necessary to provide you with products and/or services; or for such other purpose as is permissible under applicable law We may make broader use of anonymized personal information from which individuals cannot be identified.
7. MINORS
Our website and mobile application do not offer products or services for use by minors. If you are under 18, you may use our website or mobile application only with the consent of a parent or your guardian. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a minor without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information at the earliest. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact the Grievance Officer.
8. SHARING OF DATA
We may share your Data with/ for:
Partners:
We may make available to you services, products, or applications provided by Partners for use on or through our website or mobile application. If you choose to use such service, customer information related to those transactions may be shared with such Partner.
Such Partners will be required to respect the security of your Data and to treat it in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law
Tata Group Entities:
We may make available to you products, services and /or applications of Tata Group Entities, to assist them to reach out to you in relation to their programs or campaigns and to process your queries and requests. Accordingly, we may share your Data with Tata Group Entities. We may also share your Data with the Tata Group Entities as is relevant for the purposes set out in Clause 7 above, and to facilitate the operation of our business.
Tata Consumer Platform:
Your Data may be shared with Tata Group Entities and other participating entities on the Tata Consumer Platform operated by Tata Digital Limited (“TCP”) for purposes of enrolment, offering you products, services and benefits on the TCP. Accordingly, we may share your Data with other Tata Group Entities, Partners and Service Providers.
Service Providers:
We or other Tata Group Entities may share your Data with Service Providers. Examples include storing and analyzing Data, protecting and securing our systems, providing search results and links, providing customer service, credit analysis, processing your information for profiling, user analysis and payment processing.
These Service Providers will be required to only process Data in accordance with express instructions and as necessary to perform services for purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice. The Service Providers will also be required to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the Data they process by implementing appropriate technical and organizational security measures and confidentiality obligations binding employees accessing Data.
When IRCPL acts as a Service Provider:
We may process and share your Data with Tata Group Entities and Partners when we act as a service provider to such Tata Group Entities and Partners.
Protecting IRCPL:
We may release Data when we believe release is appropriate to comply with applicable law or legal process, enforce or apply the Terms of Use of our website or mobile application and other agreements, protect IRCPL against harm or financial loss, when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect individuals’ vital interests, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, risk management and dispute resolution. This does not include selling or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from users for commercial purposes in violation of this Privacy Notice.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. Your Data (including in relation to loyalty programs) may be transferred as part of such transaction or in the course of exploratory activities related thereto, including due diligence and audit exercises. The relevant transferee may thereafter make use of Data in accordance with then applicable Law.
Third Parties:
We may also share your Data with other third parties where:
You request or authorize us to do so;
We need to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process; or
We need to operate and maintain the security of our website or mobile application, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
We require these third parties by contract to only process sensitive personal data in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or in compliance with applicable law. We also require them to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the sensitive personal data they process on our behalf by implementing appropriate confidentiality, technical and organizational security measures.
Please note that Tata Group Entities and Partners may have privacy practices that differ from those of IRCPL. The use of your Data will be governed by their privacy statements when you provide Data on their websites.
9. KEEPING DATA SECURE
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your Data and we store your Data on secure servers. Technical and organisational measures include measures to deal with any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or unauthorised access to your Data, please let us know immediately by contacting us by e-mail.
10. RETENTION OF DATA
IRCPL retains Data for as long as necessary for the use of our products and/or services or to provide access to and use of our website or mobile application, or for reasonable purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, enforcing our agreements or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, and for such periods or purposes as are permitted under applicable law,. Because these needs can vary for different data types and purposes, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Even if we delete your Data, including on account of exercise of your right under Clause 12 below, it may, subject to applicable law, persist on backup or archival media for audit, legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
11. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
When we process Data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as necessary to operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests of IRCPL as described in this Privacy Notice.
We may transfer Data we collect about you to recipients in India, where we are headquartered. India may not have the same Data Protection Laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Data to India, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice, as disclosed to you at the time of data collection or as described in our program-specific privacy notice.
Depending on which Data Protection Laws are applicable to you, you may have the right or choice to:
opt out of some collection or uses of your Data, including the use of cookies, pixels and similar technologies and the use of your Data for marketing purposes.
access your Data, rectify it, restrict or object to its processing, or request its deletion or anonymization.
change or edit information submitted to us.
receive the Data you provided to us to transmit it to another company.
withdraw any consent provided or alter your preferences.
where applicable, lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority.
You may submit a request as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We will not charge you for any request. Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request.  If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons why.
Below, you will find additional privacy information that you may find important. Data Protection Laws, depending on your country, may include the following rights in relation to your Data:
Right to Confirmation and Access - the right to confirm our methods of processing and request
copies of the information we hold about you at any time, or
that we modify, update or delete such information.
Right to Correction - the right to have your Data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be Forgotten - the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.
Right to Restrict / Object to Our Use of your Data - the right to limit the way in which we can use it.
Right to Data Portability - the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your Data.
Right to Withdraw Consent – the right to withdraw your consent provided earlier.
Right to File Complaints – the right to raise complaints to a regulatory authority.
For information about managing your Data and promotional communications, please e-mail us at customerservice@bigbasket.com.
It is important that the Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during the period for which we hold it.
12. WHERE WE STORE DATA
Data collected under this Privacy Notice is hosted on servers located in India. Subject to applicable law, we may at our sole discretion, transfer Data, including SPDI to any other third party that agrees to ensure the same level of data protection as is provided by us under the terms hereof, located outside India. You hereby consent to the storage and processing of Data, including SPDI in locations outside India.
13. PROCESSING YOUR DATA
We take steps to ensure that the Data we collect under this Privacy Notice is processed according to the provisions of this Privacy Notice and the requirements of applicable law.
To ensure that your Data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place appropriate written contracts with Tata Group Entities, Partners and Service Providers that we share your Data with. This ensures your Data is treated by such parties in a way that is consistent with applicable law.
14. SECURITY
IRCPL implements standard measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception of Data. However, no internet site can fully eliminate security risks. IRCPL endeavors to take all measures to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the Data against unauthorized breach and hacking. For the purpose of checking possible vulnerabilities and attacks, IRCPL may conduct periodical internal review of data and security measures. However, the internet is not absolutely a secure environment, and we cannot ensure or warrant 100% security.
If you are provided with any identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of the security procedure adopted by us, you should treat such information as confidential and not disclose it to any third party including to other users. You are solely responsible for the activities that occur under your account including the confidentiality of your password and IRCPL is not responsible for the same.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, IRCPL shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of the Data, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A "Force Majeure Event" means any event that is beyond the reasonable control of IRCPL and includes, without limitation, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes, lock outs or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, power failure, sabotage, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, system failure, virus, attacks, bugs, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption.
15. SEVERABILITY
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this Privacy Notice (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Privacy Notice will not be affected.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website and mobile application frequently to see recent changes The updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. Any changes will be immediately posted on our website and mobile application and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the updated Privacy Notice on your first use of our website or mobile application or first purchase of the products and/or services following the alterations. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Your continued access to our stores, physical premises, website or mobile application, following any such amendments to the Privacy Notice, will be deemed as an implicit acceptance of the Privacy Notice in its amended form.
17. HOW TO CONTACT US
To request to review, update, or delete your personal information or to otherwise reach us, please submit a request by e-mailing us at customerservice@bigbasket.com. You may contact us for information on Service Providers, Partners and Tata Group Entities with whom we may share your Data in compliance with this Privacy Notice and applicable law. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
18. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
For information about management of your Data please reach out to us at
Email:
grievanceofficer@bigbasket.com
Address: Ranka Junction, No. 224 (old Sy No.80/3), 4th Floor, Vijinapura, Old Madras Road, K R Puram, Bangalore - 560016, India
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bigbasket.com/b2b-privacy-policy/:
Message
Notify On Stock Availability
Email
Mobile
Both
Notify Me
CANCEL
Popup
eVoucher Code
eVoucher bas be applied to this order right away
Please Note:
The following promos are available for you
Thank you for being a bigbasket!
We have given you
some
free delivery tokens. The free delivery
                tokens are valid till
few days
. A free delivery token is
                automatically used each time a delivery charge is due. So, enjoy the bigbasket experience even
                more with
the
free deliveries!
By clicking on “I agree”, you confirm
You are not buying tobacco products on behalf of underage persons.
Your business premise is not within 100 yards of a school, any educational institution, place of worship, or healthcare establishment..
bigbasket’s
Terms of Use, Privacy Policy,
and
Terms and Conditions.
applicable. We reserve the right to report your account if you are in violation of any of the above.
I disagree
I agree
You are seeing our catalogue in
Bangalore, 560004
Shop by Category
Fruits & Vegetables
Fresh Vegetables
Potato, Onion & Tomato
Cucumber & Capsicum
Leafy Vegetables
Root Vegetables
Beans, Brinjals & Okra
Cabbage & Cauliflower
Gourd, Pumpkin, Drumstick
Specialty
Herbs & Seasonings
Lemon, Ginger & Garlic
Indian & Exotic Herbs
Fresh Fruits
Banana, Sapota & Papaya
Kiwi, Melon, Citrus Fruit
Apples & Pomegranate
Seasonal Fruits
Mangoes
Fruit Baskets
Organic Fruits & Vegetables
Organic Vegetables
Organic Fruits
Cuts & Sprouts
Cut Fruit, Tender Coconut
Cut & Peeled Veggies
Fresh Salads & Sprouts
Recipe Packs
Fresh Juices & Milkshakes
Exotic Fruits & Veggies
Exotic Vegetables
Exotic Fruits
Flower Bouquets, Bunches
Other Flowers
Roses
Gifting Flower & Bouquets
Pooja Flowers
Pooja Leaves
Foodgrains, Oil & Masala
Atta, Flours & Sooji
Atta Whole Wheat
Sooji, Maida & Besan
Rice & Other Flours
Rice & Rice Products
Raw Rice
Poha, Sabudana & Murmura
Basmati Rice
Boiled & Steam Rice
Dals & Pulses
Toor, Channa & Moong Dal
Cereals & Millets
Urad & Other Dals
Organic Staples
Organic Dry Fruits
Organic Dals & Pulses
Organic Millet & Flours
Organic Sugar, Jaggery
Organic Masalas & Spices
Organic Rice, Other Rice
Organic Flours
Organic Edible Oil, Ghee
Edible Oils & Ghee
Blended Cooking Oils
Sunflower, Rice Bran Oil
Soya & Mustard Oils
Ghee & Vanaspati
Gingelly Oil
Groundnut Oil
Cooking Coconut Oil
Olive & Canola Oils
Other Edible Oils
Cold Pressed Oil
Salt, Sugar & Jaggery
Sugar & Jaggery
Salts
Sugarfree Sweeteners
Masalas & Spices
Whole Spices
Powdered Spices
Cooking Pastes
Herbs & Seasoning
Blended Masalas
Dry Fruits
Almonds
Cashews
Mukhwas
Other Dry Fruits
Dates, Figs & Raisins
Dried Fruits & Berries
Makhana
Snacking Dry Fruits,Seeds
Walnut & Pistachio
Bakery, Cakes & Dairy
Dairy
Milk
Curd
Paneer, Tofu & Cream
Butter & Margarine
Condensed, Powdered Milk
Cheese
Buttermilk & Lassi
Yogurt & Shrikhand
Flavoured, Soya Milk
Fresh Milk
Breads & Buns
Brown, Wheat & Multigrain
Milk, White & Sandwich
Buns, Pavs & Pizza Base
Non Dairy
Dairy Free (Vegan)
Gourmet Breads
Croissants, Bagels
Panini, Focaccia & Pita
Bagels & Baguette
Gourmet Bread
Cookies, Rusk & Khari
Rusks
Khari & Cream Rolls
Premium Cookies
Bakery Biscuits, Cookies
Ice Creams & Desserts
Ice Creams
Bakery Snacks
Bread Sticks & Lavash
Cheese & Garlic Bread
Puffs, Patties, Sandwiches
Breadcrumbs & Croutons
Cakes & Pastries
Tea Cakes & Slice Cakes
Muffins & Cup Cakes
Pastries & Brownies
Birthday & Party Cakes
Doughnuts & Mousses
Beverages
Energy & Soft Drinks
Soda & Cocktail Mix
Cold Drinks
Sports & Energy Drinks
Non Alcoholic Drinks
Water
Packaged Water
Spring Water
Flavoured Water
Tea
Leaf & Dust Tea
Green Tea
Exotic & Flavoured Tea
Tea Bags
Coffee
Ground Coffee
Instant Coffee
Fruit Juices & Drinks
Unsweetened, Cold Press
Juices
Syrups & Concentrates
Nutrition Mix, Supplement
Kids (5+Yrs)
Children (2-5 Yrs)
Men & Women
Diabetic Drinks
Glucose Powder, Tablets
Snacks & Branded Foods
Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli
Instant Noodles
Hakka Noodles
Cup Noodles
Vermicelli
Instant Pasta
Pasta & Macaroni
Breakfast Cereals
Oats & Porridge
Kids Cereal
Muesli
Flakes
Granola & Cereal Bars
Frozen Veggies & Snacks
Frozen Vegetables
Frozen Indian Breads
Frozen Veg Snacks
Frozen Non-Veg Snacks
Biscuits & Cookies
Salted Biscuits
Marie, Health, Digestive
Cream Biscuits & Wafers
Glucose & Milk Biscuits
Cookies
Snacks & Namkeen
Chips & Corn Snacks
Namkeen & Savoury Snacks
Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup
Honey
Mayonnaise
Tomato Ketchup & Sauces
Jam, Conserve, Marmalade
Chilli & Soya Sauce
Choco & Nut Spread
Vinegar
Dips & Dressings
Ready To Cook & Eat
Breakfast & Snack Mixes
Soups
Home Baking
Papads, Ready To Fry
Heat & Eat Ready Meals
Dessert Mixes
Canned Food
Chocolates & Candies
Chocolates
Toffee, Candy & Lollypop
Mints & Chewing Gum
Gift Boxes
Pickles & Chutney
Chutney Powder
Lime & Mango Pickle
Other Veg Pickle
Non Veg Pickle
Indian Mithai
Chikki & Gajjak
Tinned, Packed Sweets
Fresh Sweets
Beauty & Hygiene
Oral Care
Toothpaste
Mouthwash
Toothbrush
Floss & Tongue Cleaner
Electric Toothbrush
Feminine Hygiene
Sanitary Napkins
Panty Liners
Intimate Wash & Care
Hair Removal
Tampons & Menstrual Cups
Bath & Hand Wash
Hand Wash & Sanitizers
Bathing Bars & Soaps
Shower Gel & Body Wash
Talcum Powder
Bathing Accessories
Bath Salts & Oils
Body Scrubs & Exfoliants
Hair Care
Hair Color
Hair Oil & Serum
Shampoo & Conditioner
Hair & Scalp Treatment
Hair Styling
Dry Shampoo & Conditioner
Tools & Accessories
Health & Medicine
Antiseptics & Bandages
Cotton & Ear Buds
Everyday Medicine
Face Masks & Safety Gears
Ayurveda
Supplements & Proteins
Adult Diapers
Slimming Products
Healthcare Devices
Men's Grooming
Shaving Care
Face & Body
Bath & Shower
Talc
Hair Care & Styling
Moustache & Beard Care
Combos & Gift Sets
Deodorant
Sexual Wellness
Adult Games
Condoms
Kits & Contraceptive
Lubricants
Massagers
Performance Enhancers
Skin Care
Body Care
Face Care
Lip Care
Eye Care
Aromatherapy
Makeup
Nails
Face
Lips
Eyes
Makeup Accessories
Makeup Kits & Gift Sets
Fragrances & Deos
Gift Sets
Women's Deodorants
Men's Deodorants
Perfume
Eau De Cologne
Body Sprays & Mists
Eau De Parfum
Eau De Toilette
Attar
Cleaning & Household
Detergents & Dishwash
Detergent Powder, Liquid
Fabric Pre, Post Wash
Dishwash Liquids & Pastes
Dishwash Bars & Powders
Detergent Bars
Descaler
Imported Home Care
Machine Dishwasher
All Purpose Cleaners
Toilet Cleaners
Kitchen, Glass & Drain
Floor & Other Cleaners
Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners
Metal, Furniture Cleaner
Imported Cleaners
Disposables, Garbage Bag
Kitchen Rolls
Wet Wipe, Pocket Tissues
Garbage Bags
Toilet Paper
Aluminium Foil, Clingwrap
Paper Napkin, Tissue Box
Fresheners & Repellents
Insect Repellent
Mosquito Repellent
Air Freshener
Mops, Brushes & Scrubs
Utensil Scrub-Pad, Glove
Brooms & Dust Pans
Dust Cloth & Wipes
Mops, Wipers
Toilet & Other Brushes
Car & Shoe Care
Car Freshener
Shoe Polish
Car Polish & Cleaners
Shoe Shiners & Brushes
Pooja Needs
Camphor & Wicks
Lamp & Lamp Oil
Candles & Match Box
Agarbatti, Incense Sticks
Other Pooja Needs
Pooja Thali & Bells
Stationery
Scissor, Glue & Tape
Children's Books
Art Supplies
Exam Pads & Pencil Boxes
Notebook & Journal
Office Supplies
Pencil, Eraser & Sharpener
Pens & Markers
Stationery Kits
Bins & Bathroom Ware
Hangers, Clips & Rope
Buckets & Mugs
Dustbins
Laundry, Storage Baskets
Soap Cases & Dispensers
Bath Stool, Basin & Sets
Other Plastic Ware
Party & Festive Needs
Disposable Cups & Plates
Caps, Balloons & Candles
Gift Wraps & Bags
Decorations
Seasonal Accessories
Gifts
Coins & Bars
Sports & Fitness
Exercise & Fitness
Indoor Sports
Outdoor Sports
Swimming
Toys & Games
Baby & Toddler Toys
Board Games & Puzzles
Cards & Party Games
Dolls & Soft Toys
Learning & Education
Vehicle & Action Toys
Kitchen, Garden & Pets
Pet Food & Accessories
Pet Meals & Treats
Health Supplements
Pet Feeding Support
Pet Cleaning & Grooming
Pet Collars & Leashes
Pet Toys
Steel Utensils
Steel Storage Containers
Plates & Tumblers
Copper Utensils
Bowls & Vessels
Steel Lunch Boxes
Gardening
Fertilizers & Pesticides
Gardening Tools
Pots, Planters & Trays
Seeds & Sapling
Live Plants
Kitchen Accessories
Lighters
Strainer, Ladle, Spatula
Choppers & Graters
Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories
Knives & Peelers
Cookware & Non Stick
Gas Stove
Tawa & Sauce Pan
Pressure Cookers
Cookware Sets
Kadai & Fry Pans
Cook And Serve
Microwavable Cookware
Flask & Casserole
Vacuum Flask
Casserole
Bakeware
Baking Tools & Brushes
Bakeware Accessories
Bakeware Moulds, Cutters
Crockery & Cutlery
Glassware
Cups, Mugs & Tumblers
Plates & Bowls
Dinner Sets
Cutlery, Spoon & Fork
Storage & Accessories
Wall Hooks & Hangers
Containers Sets
Water & Fridge Bottles
Racks & Holders
Cloth Dryer & Iron Table
Lunch Boxes & Bags
Umbrellas & Rainwear
Electricals
LED Bulbs & Battens
Electronics & Devices
Battery & Power Bank
Beauty Grooming Devices
Home Furnishing
Bath Linen
Bedsheets
Curtains
Mats & Doormats
Pillows & Cushions
Eggs, Meat & Fish
Eggs
Farm Eggs
Country Eggs
Protein Eggs
Other Eggs
Poultry
Turkey
Fresh Chicken
Frozen Chicken
Sausages, Bacon & Salami
Chicken Sausages
Pork & Ham
Turkey & Duck
Lamb
Mutton & Lamb
Fresh Mutton
Frozen Mutton
Marinades
Marinated Meat
Fish & Seafood
Fresh Water Fish
Dry Fish
Frozen Fish & Seafood
Marine Water Fish
Canned Seafood
Prawns & Shrimps
Other Seafood
Pork & Other Meats
Fresh & Frozen Pork
Gourmet & World Food
Oils & Vinegar
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Canola & Rapeseed Oil
Pure, Pomace Olive Oil
Balsamic & Cider Vinegar
Organic & Cold Press Oil
Regular & White Vinegar
Flavoured & Other Oils
Wine & Rice Vinegar
Dairy & Cheese
Flavoured & Greek Yogurt
Tofu
Milk & Soya Drinks
Cream & Cheese Spreads
International Cheese
Gourmet Ice Cream
Butter & Cream
Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts
Nachos & Chips
Dry Fruits & Berries
Gourmet Popcorn
Healthy, Baked Snacks
Roasted Seeds & Nuts
Trail & Cocktail Mixes
Pasta, Soup & Noodles
Pastas & Spaghetti
Imported Noodles
Imported Soups
Jasmine & Sushi Rice
Cereals & Breakfast
Muesli & Rice Cakes
Imported Oats & Porridge
Cereal & Granola Bars
Gourmet Flakes
Sauces, Spreads & Dips
Chocolate, Peanut Spread
Jams, Marmalade, Spreads
Hummus, Cheese, Salsa Dip
Mustard & Cheese Sauces
Salad Dressings
Thai & Asian Sauces
Honey & Maple Syrup
Chocolates & Biscuits
International Chocolates
Luxury Chocolates, Gifts
Crackers & Digestive
Marshmallow, Candy, Jelly
Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer
Cooking & Baking Needs
Curry Paste, Coconut Milk
Cooking Chocolate, Cocoa
Exotic Sugar & Salt
Quinoa & Grains
Baking, Cake Decorations
Flours & Pre-Mixes
Baking Accessories
Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs
Drinks & Beverages
Coffee & Pre-Mix
Aerated, Still, Sparkling
Cocktail Mixes
Health Drinks
Non-Alcoholic Beer, Wine
Gourmet Juices & Drinks
Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags
Nutrition Drink & Mixes
Tinned & Processed Food
Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin
Beans & Pulses
Fruits & Pulps
Tomatoes & Vegetables
Fish & Tuna
Meats & Sausages
Baby Care
Diapers & Wipes
Diapers
Baby Wipes
Nappies & Rash Cream
Baby Bath & Hygiene
Baby Bath
Baby Oil & Shampoo
Baby Buds
Baby Creams & Lotions
Baby Powder
Baby Laundry
Baby Oral Care
Baby Health
Baby Gift Sets
Baby Food & Formula
Infant Formula
Baby Food
Organic Baby Food
Lactose Free Baby Food & Formula
Mothers & Maternity
Maternity Health Supplements
Maternity Personal Care
Feeding & Nursing
Nursing Tools
Sippers & Bottles
Baby Dishes & Utensils
Bibs & Napkins
Baby Accessories
Other Baby Accessories
Combs, Brushes, Clippers
Soothers & Teethers
Baby Toys
Kids Deo
View All
You will be taken to the bigbasket grocery shopping. Confirm to proceed
Your area will be changed to .
Product Prices, vouchers and promo are city specific and may change accordingly
CONTINUE
CANCEL
Address change update
Your area will be changed to .
Product Prices, vouchers and promos may change
        accordingly.
CONTINUE
CONTINUE
CANCEL
About BigBasket
- What is b2b.bigbasket.com
- Why shop at b2b.bigbasket.com?
- How to order
- Where we operate
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
- Return & Refunds
FAQ's
Contact Us
PRIVACY NOTICE
Supermarket Grocery Supplies Private Limited (“SGSPL” or “we”) takes the privacy of your information seriously. This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes the types of personal information we collect from you, through our stores, other premises, website (including sub-domains and microsites) mobile applications, or other means. It describes the purposes for which we collect that personal information, the other parties with whom we may share it, and the measures we take to try and protect it. It also tells you about some of your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
You are advised to carefully read this Privacy Notice before using or availing any of our products and/or services. By doing so you are consenting to the collection and processing of your Data (including SPDI) in accordance with the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Our products and services are targeted at users in India, and this Privacy Notice is intended to comply with the laws of India. If you are accessing or using the website or mobile application from an overseas location, you are requested to independently validate the impact of any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice at any time, in part or as a whole, write to our Grievance Office at the address specified below.
1. DEFINITIONS
In this Privacy Notice, the following definitions are used:
Cookies
- a small file placed on your device by our website or mobile application when you either visit or use certain features of our website or mobile application. A cookie generally allows a website to remember your actions or preference for a certain period of time.
Data
- means personal information and SPDI about you, which either directly or indirectly in combination with other information, could allow you to be identified when you visit our [stores, website and/or mobile application].
Data Protection Laws
- any applicable law for the time being in force relating to the processing of Data, including the Information Technology Act, 2000 and Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011, as amended or replaced from time to time.
Partners
- select third parties (including Tata Group Entities) with whom we have contracts or arrangements through which they may offer products or services to You or our other users, and to whom we may disclose your Data for a relevant purpose.
Service Providers
- includes entities to whom we, or other Tata Group Entities, will disclose your Data in order for them to process it for the purpose of providing services to us pursuant to written contract.
SPDI
- the Data Protection Laws define sensitive personal data or information of a person as personal information about that person relating to (a) passwords; (b) financial information such as bank account credit and debit card details or other payment instrument details; (c) physical, physiological and mental health condition; (d) sexual orientation; (e) medical records and history; or (f) biometric information.
SGSPL
- SGSPL is a company incorporated in India whose registered office is at Fairway Business Park, 2nd, 7th And 8th Floor, Challaghatta Village, Behind Dell, Domlur, Bangalore, 56007.
Tata Group Entity
- Tata Sons Private Limited, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, associate companies and joint venture companies with whom we have a contractual arrangement to, inter alia, share data for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
User or you
- the natural person who accesses our stores, website or mobile application.
2.WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
SGSPL collects Data for various purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. This Data includes, without limitation, the following categories 1 :
Contact information:
first and last name, email address, postal address, country, employer, phone number and other similar contact data.
Financial information:
payment instrument information, transactions, transaction history, preferences, method, mode and manner of payment, spending pattern or trends, and other similar data.
Technical information:
website, device and mobile app usage, Internet Protocol (IP) address and similar information collected via automated means, such as cookies, pixels and similar technologies.
Transaction information:
the date of the transaction, total amount, transaction history and preferences and related details.
Product and service information:
Your account membership number, registration and payment information, and program-specific information, when you request products and/or services directly from us, or participate in marketing programs.
Personal information:
Age, sex, date of birth, marital status, nationality, details of government identification documents provided, occupation, ethnicity, religion, travel history, or any other personal information provided in responses to surveys or questionnaires.
Your reviews, feedback and opinions about our products, programmes and services.
Loyalty programme information:
your loyalty membership information, account details, profile or password details and any frequent flyer or travel partner programme affiliation.
Payment instrument information
– through our application pages , you may choose a 3 rd payment service provider of your choice for making payment and may agree to store your payment instrument details with the chosen service provider/s. The payment instrument data is managed by service provider/s.
3.HOW WE COLLECT DATA
We collect Data in the following ways:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or mobile application or give us in any other way (e.g., at outlets, stores, hotels, kiosks). Please see the section titled “Data Shared by You” for more information.
Automatic Information We Collect:
We use “cookies”, pixels and similar technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Please see the section below, titled “Data that is Collected Automatically” for more information.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more relevant and interesting, we often receive a confirmation (if your device supports such capabilities) when you open e-mail from us or click on a link in the e-mail. You can choose not to receive marketing emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any marketing email.
Automatic Information We Collect from Other Websites:
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with third-party websites that use our technology or with whom we have a specific agreement. Because we process this information on behalf of the applicable website operators, collection, processing, and use of such information is subject to the applicable website operators’ privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy Notice.
Information from Other Sources:
We may obtain information from other sources. An example of this is when you authorize a third-party website (such as the website of another Tata Group Entity), to interact directly with our website or mobile application to provide or receive Data about you. In that case, we might receive such Data used by that third-party website to identify your account with that website.
Information Previously Provided to Tata Group Entities:
Where you have shared any information previously with any of the Tata Group Entities and have consented to the further sharing of such information, such information will be shared with us by the Tata Group Entities.
You can make choices about our collection and use of your Data. For example, you may want to access, edit or remove your Data on our website or mobile application. When you are asked to provide Data, you may decline, however, in such a case, you may not be able to avail benefit of some of our products, programmes or services or access our stores or physical premises.
4.DATA SHARED BY YOU
- SGSPL may collect your Data in several ways from your use of our stores, website or mobile application. For instance:
- when you register with us to receive our products and/or services;
- when you conduct a transaction with us or attempt a transaction at our stores, on our website or mobile application;
- when you complete surveys conducted by or for us;
- when you elect to receive any communications (including promotional offers) from us;
- from the information gathered by your visit to our stores, website or mobile application; or
- by way of correlation or inferences from information sourced from sources, which have collected or processed this data based on your consent.
5.DATA THAT IS COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
- We automatically collect some information when you visit our website or use our mobile application. This information helps us to make improvements to our content and navigation. The information collected automatically includes your IP address.
- Our web servers or affiliates who provide analytics and performance enhancement services collect IP addresses, operating system details, browsing details, device details and language settings. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar information. Tata X uses this information to measure the site usage, improve content and to ensure safety and security, as well enhance performance of our website or mobile application.
- We may collect your Data automatically via Cookies, pixels and similar technologies in line with settings on your browser. For more information about Cookies, please see the section below, titled
“Cookies”
.
6.OUR USE OF DATA
- Any or all the above Data may be required by us from time to time to provide information relating to SGSPL and to work on the experience when using our website or mobile application. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
- carry out our obligations arising from any contract entered into between you and us;
- provide (including customizing and improving) products and/or services and communicate with you about products and/or services offered by us;
- enable payment, billing and invoicing related purposes;
- enable Tata Group Entities, Service Providers and Partners to offer their products and/or services and communicate with you about such products and/or services;
- processing, disclosing, transmitting, and/or sharing the Data with Tata Group Entities, and other third parties which have business or contractual dealings with us for any legitimate purpose/use and in terms of this Privacy Notice;
- provide you with offers (including for financial products and/or services), personalized services and recommendations and improve your experience on our website and mobile application;
- operate, evaluate and improve our business (including for administration and management related purposes), website and mobile application;
- generate aggregated data to prepare insights to enable us to understand customer behaviour, patterns and trends with a view to learning more about your preferences or other characteristics;
- provide privileges and benefits to you, marketing and promotional campaigns based on your profile;
- in connection with loyalty programs owned and operated by us or by other Tata Group Entities;
- communicate with you (including to respond to your requests, questions, feedback, claims or disputes) and to customize and improve our services;
- enforce the terms of use of our website and mobile application;
- protect against and prevent fraud, illegal activity, harm, financial loss and other legal or information security risks; and
- serve other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection, and as otherwise authorized or required by applicable law.
We treat these inferences as personal information (or SPDI, as the case may be), where required under applicable law. Some of the above grounds for processing will overlap and there may be several grounds which justify our use of your personal information.
Where required under applicable law, we will only use your personal information with your consent; as necessary to provide you with products and/or services; or for such other purpose as is permissible under applicable law We may make broader use of anonymized personal information from which individuals cannot be identified.
7.MINORS
Our website and mobile application do not offer products or services for use by minors. If you are under 18, you may use our website or mobile application only with the consent of a parent or your guardian. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a minor without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information at the earliest. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact the Grievance Officer.
8.SHARING OF DATA
We may share your Data with/ for:
- Partners: We may make available to you services, products, or applications provided by Partners for use on or through our website or mobile application. If you choose to use such service, customer information related to those transactions may be shared with such Partner. Such Partners will be required to respect the security of your Data and to treat it in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law
- Tata Group Entities: We may make available to you products, services and /or applications of Tata Group Entities, to assist them to reach out to you in relation to their programs or campaigns and to process your queries and requests. Accordingly, we may share your Data with Tata Group Entities. We may also share your Data with the Tata Group Entities as is relevant for the purposes set out in Clause 7 above, and to facilitate the operation of our business.
- Tata Consumer Platform: Your Data may be shared with Tata Group Entities and other participating entities on the Tata Consumer Platform operated by Tata Digital Limited (“TCP”) for purposes of enrolment, offering you products, services and benefits on the TCP. Accordingly, we may share your Data with other Tata Group Entities, Partners and Service Providers.
- Service Providers: We or other Tata Group Entities may share your Data with Service Providers. Examples include storing and analyzing Data, protecting and securing our systems, providing search results and links, providing customer service, credit analysis, processing your information for profiling, user analysis and payment processing.
These Service Providers will be required to only process Data in accordance with express instructions and as necessary to perform services for purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice. The Service Providers will also be required to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the Data they process by implementing appropriate technical and organizational security measures and confidentiality obligations binding employees accessing Data.
- When SGSPL acts as a Service Provider: We may process and share your Data with Tata Group Entities and Partners when we act as a service provider to such Tata Group Entities and Partners.
- Protecting SGSPL: We may release Data when we believe release is appropriate to comply with applicable law or legal process, enforce or apply the Terms of Use of our website or mobile application and other agreements, protect SGSPL against harm or financial loss, when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect individuals’ vital interests, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, risk management and dispute resolution. This does not include selling or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from users for commercial purposes in violation of this Privacy Notice.
- Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. Your Data (including in relation to loyalty programs) may be transferred as part of such transaction or in the course of exploratory activities related thereto, including due diligence and audit exercises. The relevant transferee may thereafter make use of Data in accordance with then applicable Law.
- Third Parties: We may also share your Data with other third parties where:
- You request or authorize us to do so;
- We need to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process; or We need to operate and maintain the security of our website or mobile application, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
- We require these third parties by contract to only process sensitive personal data in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or in compliance with applicable law. We also require them to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the sensitive personal data they process on our behalf by implementing appropriate confidentiality, technical and organizational security measures.
- Please note that Tata Group Entities and Partners may have privacy practices that differ from those of SGSPL. The use of your Data will be governed by their privacy statements when you provide Data on their websites.
9.KEEPING DATA SECURE
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your Data and we store your Data on secure servers. Technical and organisational measures include measures to deal with any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or unauthorised access to your Data, please let us know immediately by contacting us by e-mail.
10.RETENTION OF DATA
- SGSPL retains Data for as long as necessary for the use of our products and/or services or to provide access to and use of our website or mobile application, or for reasonable purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, enforcing our agreements or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, and for such periods or purposes as are permitted under applicable law,. Because these needs can vary for different data types and purposes, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Even if we delete your Data, including on account of exercise of your right under Clause 12 below, it may, subject to applicable law, persist on backup or archival media for audit, legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
11.YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
When we process Data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as necessary to operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests of SGSPL as described in this Privacy Notice. We may transfer Data we collect about you to recipients in India, where we are headquartered. India may not have the same Data Protection Laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Data to India, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice, as disclosed to you at the time of data collection or as described in our program-specific privacy notice.
Depending on which Data Protection Laws are applicable to you, you may have the right or choice to:
- opt out of some collection or uses of your Data, including the use of cookies, pixels and similar technologies and the use of your Data for marketing purposes.
- access your Data, rectify it, restrict or object to its processing, or request its deletion or anonymization.
- change or edit information submitted to us.
- receive the Data you provided to us to transmit it to another company.
- withdraw any consent provided or alter your preferences.
- where applicable, lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority.
You may submit a request as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We will not charge you for any request. Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request.  If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons why.
Below, you will find additional privacy information that you may find important. Data Protection Laws, depending on your country, may include the following rights in relation to your Data:
- Right to Confirmation and Access - the right to confirm our methods of processing and request copies of the information we hold about you at any time, or that we modify, update or delete such information.
- Right to Correction - the right to have your Data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
- Right to be Forgotten - the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.
- Right to Restrict / Object to Our Use of your Data - the right to limit the way in which we can use it.
- Right to Data Portability - the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your Data.
- Right to Withdraw Consent – the right to withdraw your consent provided earlier.
- Right to File Complaints – the right to raise complaints to a regulatory authority.
- For information about managing your Data and promotional communications, please e-mail us at customerservice@bigbasket.com.
- It is important that the Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during the period for which we hold it.
12.WHERE WE STORE DATA
Data collected under this Privacy Notice is hosted on servers located in India. Subject to applicable law, we may at our sole discretion, transfer Data, including SPDI to any other third party that agrees to ensure the same level of data protection as is provided by us under the terms hereof, located outside India. You hereby consent to the storage and processing of Data, including SPDI in locations outside India.
13.PROCESSING YOUR DATA
We take steps to ensure that the Data we collect under this Privacy Notice is processed according to the provisions of this Privacy Notice and the requirements of applicable law.
To ensure that your Data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place appropriate written contracts with Tata Group Entities, Partners and Service Providers that we share your Data with. This ensures your Data is treated by such parties in a way that is consistent with applicable law.
- SGSPL implements standard measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception of Data. However, no internet site can fully eliminate security risks. SGSPL endeavors to take all measures to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the Data against unauthorized breach and hacking. For the purpose of checking possible vulnerabilities and attacks, SGSPL may conduct periodical internal review of data and security measures. However, the internet is not absolutely a secure environment, and we cannot ensure or warrant 100% security.
- If you are provided with any identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of the security procedure adopted by us, you should treat such information as confidential and not disclose it to any third party including to other users. You are solely responsible for the activities that occur under your account including the confidentiality of your password and SGSPL is not responsible for the same.
- Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, SGSPL shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of the Data, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A "Force Majeure Event" means any event that is beyond the reasonable control of SGSPL and includes, without limitation, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes, lock outs or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, power failure, sabotage, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, system failure, virus, attacks, bugs, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption.
15.SEVERABILITY
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this Privacy Notice (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Privacy Notice will not be affected.
16.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website and mobile application frequently to see recent changes The updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. Any changes will be immediately posted on our website and mobile application and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the updated Privacy Notice on your first use of our website or mobile application or first purchase of the products and/or services following the alterations. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Your continued access to our stores, physical premises, website or mobile application, following any such amendments to the Privacy Notice, will be deemed as an implicit acceptance of the Privacy Notice in its amended form.
17.HOW TO CONTACT US
To request to review, update, or delete your personal information or to otherwise reach us, please submit a request by e-mailing us at customerservice@bigbasket.com. You may contact us for information on Service Providers, Partners and Tata Group Entities with whom we may share your Data in compliance with this Privacy Notice and applicable law. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
18. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
For information about management of your Data please reach out to us at
Email:
grievanceofficer@bigbasket.com
Address:
2nd Floor, Fairway Business Park, Embassy Golf Link, Challaghatta, Bangalore, Karnataka 560071
View Mobile
                Site
| Copyright © 2024-2026 Supermarket Grocery Supplies Pvt Ltd
Loading...
Ok
CANCEL