Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 24, 2023
DIGI-TEXX is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) and the local laws applicable in the various countries in which we operate. In this privacy policy notice, we will tell you in detail how we collect, use, disclose, and share your personal information when using our website and explain your rights regarding how we use your personal information.
By using our website, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data that we collect from you
When using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Data). Such Personal Data is any information that relates to you and that identifies you either directly from that information or indirectly, by reference to other information that we have access to. The personal data that we collect, and how we collect it, depends upon how you interact with us. Categories of personal data that we collect include:
Contact information such as your first and last name, email address, and telephone number;
Biographical information such as job title, employer, address, and video or audio content including you (in case of job applications sent through the website);
Marketing, communication preferences, and related information such as feedback and survey responses.
In addition, when you visit our website, we automatically collect, store, and use certain technical information about your equipment and interaction with our website. Such usage data may include information such as your device’s internet protocol address (e.g. IP address), the time and date of your website visit, the time spent on our website pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data. This information is sent from your computer to us using a variety of cookies or browser cookies. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
How we use your Personal Data
DIGI-TEXX will only use your Personal Data if we have your consent or another legally permitted reason applies. Specifically, DIGI-TEXX may use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
To attend to and manage your requests to us.
To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, our products, or contracted services, including any security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide, maintain, and improve our website, including monitoring the usage of our website.
To manage your registration as a user of our website. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of our website that are available to you as a registered user.
Data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and evaluating and improving our website, products, services, marketing as well as your experience with our website.
How we protect your Personal Data
DIGI-TEXX protects your Personal Data and implements appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect it against any unauthorized or unlawful processing and against any accidental loss, destruction, or damage. We have robust information security management systems in place to protect your personal data, having been certified to the ISO27001 security standard. ISO27001 is an international information security standard that is widely recognized as an indication of best practices in information security and information risk management.
Your rights regarding your Personal Data
DIGI-TEXX will generally only retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes of the extent necessary to provide our services to you and comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
You have certain rights regarding how we use and keep your Personal Data. These are:
You can require us to update or correct any inaccurate Personal Data or to complete any incomplete Personal Data, concerning you. If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check the accuracy and correct the information.
You may also update, amend, or delete your Personal Data and information at any time by signing into your account if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage your personal information.
You can require us to stop processing your information for direct marketing purposes; however, if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products, services, or information to you; and
You can require us, without undue delay, to delete your Personal Data completely.
You can exercise the above rights, where applicable by contacting the DIGI-TEXX Data Protection Officer (under “Contact Us” below). We will require you to provide satisfactory proof of your identity in order to ensure that your rights are respected and protected. This is to ensure that your Personal Data is disclosed only to you.
Disclosure of your Personal Data to Third Parties
DIGI-TEXX treats your Personal Data with respect and does not share it with third parties unless you have consented to us doing so, or:
If requested by court order, law enforcement agencies, or regulatory authorities;
To comply with another legal obligation;
To prevent or investigate possible fraudulent, criminal, or other wrongdoing in connection with the website;
To protect the personal safety of users of our website or the general public; or
To protect and defend DIGI-TEXX’s rights or property and to protect DIGI-TEXX against other legal liability.
Children’s Privacy
Our website does not address anyone under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take immediate steps to remove that information from our servers. If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent’s consent before we collect and use that information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, prior to the change becoming effective, and update the “Last updated” date entry at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can:
Contact our Data Protection Officer Dr. Matthias Dühn, 2nd Floor, Anna Building, Quang Trung Software City, Tan Chanh Hiep Ward, District 12, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Tel.: +84 28 3715 5325, E-mail:
datacompliance@digi-texx.vn
Contact us by using the contact form on our website:
www.digi-texx.com/contact