#!/Shabang
Privacy Policy
When you use our Services, we understand that you are entrusting us to take care of your information. We know this is a big responsibility, and we thank you for your trust.
This document describes when and how we use and disclose your information when you use our Services, tells you about your privacy rights, and how the law protects you.
Introduction
Throughout this policy, "We", "Us", "Our", "Shabang" refers to Shabang Systems, LLC, a California limited liability company. Our "Service" refers to all apps, sites, devices, platforms by Us. This includes, but is not limited to products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, such as libraries provided by Shabang.
This document describes when and how we use and disclose your information when you use our Services, tells you about your privacy rights, and how the law protects you.
Information Collection and Use
For the sole purpose of the functionality of our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name and your email.
Additionally, information you provide to our Service may be collected solely for enabling the functionality of our Service, for instance, for syncing your data. These information is encrypted using industry-standard encryption systems before being retained. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information, provide their service (such as authentication preservation), and improve their services. You have the right to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, parts or all of the Service cannot function.
Data Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Selling Data
We believe that your data is yours alone, and that we do not have the right to profit off of it. We will not sell any user data to third parties under any circumstance.
External Links
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us.  Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Amending this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2024-08-04
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
legal@shabang.io
.