Privacy Policy & EULA
Who are we?
All In The Loop Ltd, a company registered in England under company number 08935537, and its affiliates (“AITL”, “we”, or “us”), understand your concerns with regard to how information about you is used and shared.
AITL provides event technology to organisations and individuals for their meetings, events, conferences, and trade shows (the “Services”). The Services include access to the
www.allintheloop.com
website; any subdomains of such website, including event apps, registration and lead retrieval apps, internal communications apps, mobile apps, and any other website pages on which Services are provided by us (the “Apps”),
This privacy policy applies to your use of the Services and Apps, whether you are a customer or an end user of the Services. This privacy policy applies to information we collect through your use of the Apps and any other means by which we may collect information about you. This privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Apps or use our Services in general, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining and protecting and disclosing that information.
It is important that you read this privacy policy so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This privacy policy supplements other privacy policies, for example that of our third party App Partner. Clicking on links to third party websites, content, or applications, may allow those third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control those third party websites or content and are not responsible for their privacy policies or the way in which they collect or use your data. AITL is the controller in respect to certain uses of your personal data, as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation.
When do we collect your personal data
?
AITL collects data relating to you and your use of the Apps in order to provide Services and features that are responsive to your needs. AITL collects personal data in the following ways: From when you register and communicate with us. We collect information
from you when you register an account with us
, request information, send us emails, or speak with us over the telephone.
From the Apps.
We may collect information from your mobile device when our Apps are installed or you provide your information to us via the Apps.
From third parties
. If you are an end user, we may receive information about you from an App Partner or client.
Automatically as you use our Apps
. Information collected automatically may include usage details, email address, IP address, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
What personal data do we collect from you?
When using the Apps, you may provide us with personal data. Personal data includes all data that directly or indirectly identifies you such as your name, email address, phone number and location data. You control how much information you provide through the Apps.
Identity and Contact Data.
To use our Apps, you must provide an email and username, and you will set a password. If you do not submit this information yourself, we may retrieve this information from the event organizer in order to invite you to use the Apps and to prepopulate certain fields in the Apps. An App Provider may request additional information about you beyond a user name and email address. It is up to you how much additional personal data you share with us, the event organizer, and the other attendees. This data may also include your first name, last name, date of birth and gender.
Profile Data
. Profile Data. When using the Apps you may choose to create social profiles that display your name, job title, company, profile image or images you upload in the the Apps and links to your social profiles (Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn) and activity. In addition to the above, you can fill out a “Biography” text box to provide additional information about yourself, as well as contribute through posts, comments, surveys, feedback, messages, poll responses, and any other App-related functions or features that may be available to you. If you are an event organizer, you may also provide us with conference agendas, customer lists, exhibitor lists, and other information.
Technical Data
. We collect limited personal data from you through your use of our Apps or Services. This may include your IP address, browser software, operating system, login data, and the time and date on which you visited the Apps or Services. In addition, we may also track your usage of the Apps for statistical and research purposes by means of cookies, which includes data about how you use our Apps, products and Services.
Marketing and Communications Data
. This data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us, product updates, third party App Partner marketing, and your communication preferences.
If you fail to provide your personal data when requested, we may not be able to perform the Services, for example, to provide you with access to the Apps.
For what purpose do we use or process your personal data?
We process your personal data for the following purposes: Providing you with information about the event that you are attending;
Performing our Services; we may process your personal data in order to provide Services to you and additional Services you request, as well as to respond to communications from you.
Providing you with information about the event that you are attending;
Performing our Services; we may process your personal data in order to provide Services to you and additional Services you request, as well as to respond to communications from you.
Enabling App features such as “check-ins”, surveys/polls, messaging, channels, agenda sessions, exhibitors, recommendations, speakers and locations;
Prepopulating App fields such as conference agendas, attendee lists, speaker lists, exhibitor lists, and location information;
Showing your App contributions on the activity feeds in the event App;
For analytics and market research to perform or improve our Services;
Sending emails or push notifications in relation to the event;
To market our own Services to you; information we collect about you and how you use the Apps and Services provides valuable information about how we can improve and offer additional products and services that we think might interest you; and,
Processing complaints or customer service inquiries, handling disputes, performing audits and meeting regulatory and/or statutory obligations.
What legal bases do we have for processing personal data?
We will collect and process your personal data only when one of the following applies:
It is necessary for a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your privacy interests), such as preventing fraud, improving our Apps, to make suggestions to you about other Services or products available through our Apps, and increasing the security of our Services;
You have expressly consented to the collection and processing for a specific purpose;
It is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations; or
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at info@allintheloop.com.
Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, previously used our Services or Apps, and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
With whom do we share your personal data?
We do not sell, trade, or share your personal data with third parties, except in the circumstances described below.
Event Organisers
. We share your information, posts, comments, surveys, messages, and polls with the event organizers or their authorized agents. In accordance with our legal obligations, we have agreed to safeguard the protection of your personal data in agreements with the event organizers. We recommend that you read and review the privacy policy of the event organizer carefully to ensure you are fully aware of all the purposes for which your data is being used by the event organizer or processed by us.
Attendees or other App users
. Other users of the Apps may be able to see limited information such as your profile and contributions. Apart from the first and last name on your profile, we do not share your personal data with attendees. The only information that is visible to attendees is the information you decide to actively share on your profile or contribute to the Apps. We may share some of your information with Attendees if you: tap on the “Attendee profile” in the Attendee Directory and tap “Share Contact” on a button in the Apps. This will share your email address with the Attendee.
Exhibitors.
We may share some of your information with exhibitors if you: tap on the “Exhibitor profile” in the Exhibitor Directory and tap “Share Contact” on a button in the Apps. This will share your email address with the Exhibitor.
External Partnerships
. We may provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process that information for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other applicable confidentiality and security measures. For example, we might use data processors to handle complaints, to resolve customer service inquiries from you or event organizers, to facilitate internal support operations for All In The Loop, to send newsletters or other event information on our or the event organizer’s behalf, or to share information with third parties in other similar cases if you have provided your consent to such data sharing. We will not sell to any third party the personal information or data that you provide to us.
Third Party Service Providers
. We use third-party payment processors to process payments for our registration App Partners. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to the third-party processor the App Partner selects, whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy. As an extension to this Privacy Policy and if requested by a partner company for transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area, we shall enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses to comply with our legal obligations.
Legal Requirements and Business Transfers
. We may disclose personal data (i) if we are required to do so by law, legal process, statute, rule, regulation, or professional standard, or to respond to an official request; (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss; (iii) in connection with an investigation of a complaint, security threat, or suspected illegal activity; (iv) in connection with an internal audit; or (v) in the event that AITL is subject to mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganisations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. In these types of transactions, personal data may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party.
Security of your personal information and international transfers
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, we have taken adequate technical and organizational measures to safeguard the security of your personal information. We store the personal information that we process on a secure database that is protected by technical access controls. We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please be advised that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable data, we make no guarantees or assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, access, or misuse and are not responsible in the event that such loss or misuse occurs.
We may transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in our performance of Services.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure an appropriate degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission;
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we will only transfer data to them under the scope of a data processing agreement which incorporates Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, or Binding Corporate Rules which require them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US.
How long will we store your personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of a claim being made in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
What are your legal rights?
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data
(commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you
. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data
. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data
. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party
. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data
. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
info@allintheloop.com
.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one calendar month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
End User Licence Agreement (“EULA”)
1.
Who we are and what this agreement does
1.1  We, All In the Loop Ltd of Boundary Works, Chelford Road, Ollerton, Knutsford, Cheshire, WA16 8TA license you to use:
(a)  All In The Loop mobile application software which may include but not be limited to a Web App, iOS App, Android App, and Content Management System, the data supplied with the software, and any updates or supplements to it (
Platform
).
(b)  The related online documentation (
Documentation
).
(c)  as permitted in these terms.
1.2  The Service is provided in connection with a Partner. Our “Partner” is the company whose name and logo, events and content are featured in the Platform. The Partner allows you to use the content it supplies through the Platform (the “Service”) subject to the provisions of these terms. The Partner will be entitled to enforce the terms of this Agreement directly against you as a third-party beneficiary (and you are deemed to have accepted this right).
2.
Your privacy
2.1  We only use any personal data we collect through your use of the Platform and the Services in the ways set out in our privacy policy.
2.2  Please be aware that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that any message or information you send using the Platform or any Service may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.
3.
App store terms also apply
3.1 The ways in which you can use the Platform and Documentation may also be controlled by the Apple’s App Store or Google Play Store’s rules and policies and these rules and policies will apply instead of these terms where there are differences between the two.
4.
Operating system requirements
4.1 This Platform requires a device operating either Android version 10 or iOS 14 or such other later versions as may be released from time to time
5.
Support for the platform and how to tell us about problems
5.1  Support. If you want to learn more about the Platform or the Service or have any problems using them, please take a look at our support resources at allintheloop.com.
5.2  Contacting us (including with complaints). If you think the Platform or the Services are faulty or misdescribed or wish to contact us for any other reason, please email our customer service team at info@allintheloop.com.
5.3  How we will communicate with you. If we have to contact you, we will do so by email using the contact details you have provided to us.
6.
Service levels
6.1  AITL shall provide the Platform as follows:
6.2
Availability
: Each calendar month, the Platform shall be available to Licensee at least 99% of the time. Availability is calculated as the total actual available minutes divided by total possible uptime minutes (less the permitted downtime described in paragraph in a calendar month.
6.3
Permitted Downtime
: Total possible uptime minutes does not include downtime minutes required in order to perform the maintenance services described in paragraph 6.6 below;
6.4
Licensee-caused or third party-caused outages or disruptions
: as a result of outages, disruptions or emergency maintenance attributable in whole or in part to force majeure events within the meaning of paragraph 6.7 below.
6.5
Non-availability
: The Platform is not available when the Software Services, or a substantial part or essential feature thereof, is non-operational. It is expressly noted that the inability for one or more Users to access Licensee Data via the Platform shall not be regarded as downtime, unless the inability is due to the Platform, or a substantial part or essential feature thereof, being non-operational.
6.6
Maintenance Services
: Each night between 00:00 and 02:00 (UK time), the Platform may be unavailable in order for AITL to perform back-up, support, maintenance, and upgrades of the software. AITL will use its reasonable endeavours to schedule all service and maintenance activities during this maintenance window.
6.7
Force Majeure
: The Platform may be unavailable in situations involving causes beyond AITL’s reasonable control such as security threat, virus alert, service attack, power outages or other outages related to third parties. In such circumstances, AITL may perform emergency maintenance and will notify the Licensee (to the extent possible) by telephone or e-mail promptly upon AITL receiving knowledge of such event. AITL will inform the Licensee of the threat or problem, the response actions undertaken or proposed to be taken by AITL to react to such threat or problem, the estimated duration of the downtime (if known), as well as any recommended actions to be taken by the Licensee to minimize the impact of the threat or problem and/or identify and repair the problems caused by threat or problem. To the extent that any situation referred to in this paragraph is the result of or arise from any condition, circumstance or event caused by or under the control of the Licensee or any third party providing products or services to the Licensee, the Licensee shall use its best efforts to (and/or to cause its provider(s) to) eliminate or mitigate to the greatest extent possible such conditions, circumstances or events.
7.
How you may use the platform, including how many devices you may use it on
7.1 In return for your agreeing to comply with these terms you may:
(a) download a copy of the Platform and view, use and display the Platform and the Service on such devices for your personal purposes only.
(b) use any Documentation to support your permitted use of the Platform and the Service.
(c) provided you comply with the End User Licence Agreement, make up to 1 copy of the Platform for back- up purposes; and
(d) receive and use any free supplementary software code or update of the Platform incorporating “patches” and corrections of errors as we may provide to you.
8.
Your must be 18 to accept these terms and download the platform
8.1 You must be 18 or over to accept these terms and download the Platform.
9.
You may not transfer the platform to someone else
9.1  We are giving you personally the right to use the Platform and the Service as set out above. Whilst you may have sharing rights as set out above, you may not otherwise transfer the Platform or the Service to someone else, whether for money, for anything else or for free. If you sell any device on which the Platform is installed, you must remove the Platform from it.
9.2  Where We have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of Our Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
10.
Changes to these terms
10.1  We may need to change these terms to reflect changes in law or best practice or to deal with additional features which we introduce.
10.2  We will give you at least 30 days’ notice of any change by sending you an SMS with details of the change or notifying you of a change when you next start the Platform.
10.3  If you do not accept the notified changes you will not be permitted to continue to use the Platform and the Service.
11.
Updates to the platform and changes to the service
11.1  From time to time we may automatically update the Platform and change the Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system or address security issues. Alternatively, we may ask you to update the Platform for these reasons.
11.2  If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using the Platform and the Services.
12.
If someone else owns the phone or device you are using
12.1 If you download the Platform onto any phone or other device not owned by you, you must have the owner’s permission to do so. You will be responsible for complying with these terms, whether or not you own the phone or other device.
13.
We may collect technical data about your device
13.1 By using the Platform or any of the Services, you agree to us collecting and using technical information about the devices you use the Platform on and related software, hardware and peripherals to improve our products and to provide any Services to you.
14.
We may collect location data (but you can turn location services off)
14.1 If you use these Services, you consent to us and our affiliates’ and licensees’ transmission, collection, retention, maintenance, processing and use of your location data and queries to provide and improve location-based and road traffic-based products and services.
15.
We are not responsible for other website you link to
15.1  The Platform, any Service or content contained in them may contain links to other independent websites which are not provided by us. Such independent sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for and have not checked and approved their content or their privacy policies (if any).
15.2  You will need to make your own independent judgement about whether to use any such independent sites, including whether to buy any products or services offered by them.
16.
Licence restrictions
16.1 You agree that you will:
(a)  except in the course of permitted sharing not rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide, or otherwise make available, the Platform or the Services in any form, in whole or in part to any person without prior written consent from us;
(b)  not copy the Platform, Documentation or Services, except as part of the normal use of the Platform or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
(c)  not translate, merge, adapt, vary, alter or modify, the whole or any part of the Platform, Documentation or Services nor permit the Platform or the Services or any part of them to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs, except as necessary to use the Platform and the Services on devices as permitted in these terms;
(d)  not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the Platform or the Services nor attempt to do any such things, except to the extent that (by virtue of sections 50B and 296A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988) such actions cannot be prohibited because they are necessary to decompile the Platform to obtain the information necessary to create an independent program that can be operated with the Platform or with another program (Permitted Objective), and provided that the information obtained by you during such activities:
(i)  is not disclosed or communicated without the Licensor’s prior written consent to any third party to whom it is not necessary to disclose or communicate it in order to achieve the Permitted Objective; and
(ii)  is not used to create any software that is substantially similar in its expression to the Platform;
(iii)  is kept secure; and
(iv)  is used only for the Permitted Objective;
(e)  comply with all applicable technology control or export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the Platform or any Service;
(f)  obtain all necessary consents and/or permissions required under all applicable laws, regarding the posting, transmission, and publication of any personal data and/or image of any person.
17.
Acceptable use restrictions
17.1 You must:
(a)  not use the Platform or any Service in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these terms, or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into, uploading, or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, worms, Trojan Horse, time bombs, web bugs, spyware, malware, or any other harmful data, into the Platform, any Service or any operating system that is intended to damage or hijack the operation of any software or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive component;
(b)  not infringe our intellectual property rights or those of any third party in relation to your use of the Platform or any Service (to the extent that such use is not licensed by these terms);
(c)  not submit, transmit or display any material in a context which may be deemed as defamatory, libellous, obscene, harassing, threatening, incendiary, abusive, racist, offensive, deceptive or fraudulent, encouraging criminal or harmful conduct, or which is otherwise objectionable and violates the rights of All In The Loop or any third party, or otherwise shows any person, entity, or brand in a bad or disparaging light, in relation to your use of the Platform or any Service;
(d)  not upload, insert, collect, or otherwise make available within the All In The Loop services (or any part thereof) any malicious, unlawful, defamatory, or obscene material;
(e)  not act in a manner which might be perceived as damaging to All In The Loop’s reputation and goodwill or which may bring All In The Loop into disrepute or harm;
(f)  not impersonate any person or entity or provide false information on the Platform, whether directly or indirectly, or otherwise perform any manipulation in order to disguise your identity or the origin of any message or transmittal you send using the Platform;
(g)  not use any of our Services and/or the Platform in connection with any form of spam, unsolicited mail, fraud, scam, phishing, “chain letters”, “pyramid schemes” or similar conduct, or otherwise engage in unethical marketing or advertising;
(h)  not use the Platform or any Service in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users; and
(i)  not collect or harvest any information or data from any Service or our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running any Service, including using any illegal action to collect login data and/or passwords for other websites, third parties, software or services.
18.
Intellectual property rights
18.1 All intellectual property rights in the Platform, the Documentation and the Services throughout the world belong to us (or our Partner or our licensors) and the rights in the Platform and the Services are licensed (not sold) to you. You have no intellectual property rights in, or to, the Platform, the Documentation or the Services other than the right to use them in accordance with these terms.
19.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
19.1  The Platform is not provided for consumer use. In using this Platform, you are doing so in the course of your trade, business, or profession and accordingly you are not a consumer for the purposes of any consumer protection law.
19.2  Neither We or the Partner are liable for any loss or damage incurred, whether directly or indirectly, as a result of your breach of Clause 16 (Acceptable Use).
19.3  Neither We or the Partner are liable for business losses. Neither We or the Partner will have any liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
19.4  Our liability (and that of our Partner) for any loss or damage suffered by you will be limited to £50 (which we agree is reasonable given that the Platform is provided free of charge).
19.5  Neither We or the Partner exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
19.6  Limitations to the Platform and the Services. The Platform and the Services are provided for general information purposes only. They do not offer advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of information obtained from the Platform or the Service. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information provided by the Platform and the Service, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that such information is accurate, complete or up to date.
19.7  Check that the Platform and the Services are suitable for you. The Platform and the Services have not been developed to meet your individual requirements. Please check that the facilities and functions of the Platform and the Services (as described on the appstore site and in the Documentation) meet your requirements.
19.8  Neither We or the Partner are responsible for events outside our control. If the provision of the Services or support for the Platform or the Services is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end your contract with us and receive a refund for any Services you have paid for but not received.
20.
We may end your rights to use the platform and the services if you breach these terms
20.1  We may end your rights to use the Platform and Services at any time by contacting you if you have broken these terms in a serious way. If what you have done can be put right, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to do so.
20.2  If we end your rights to use the Platform and Services:
20.3  You must stop all activities authorised by these terms, including your use of the Platform and any Services.
20.4  You must delete or remove the Platform from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the Platform which you have and confirm to us that you have done this.
20.5  We may remotely access your devices and remove the Platform from them and cease providing you with access to the Services.
21.
We may transfer this agreement to someone else
21.1 We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.
22.
You need our consent to transfer your rights to someone else
22.1 You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these terms to another person if we agree in writing.
23.
No rights for third parties
23.1 Save for the Partner’s rights to enforce this agreement directly, this agreement does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement.
24. If a court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force
24.1 Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
25.
Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later
25.1 Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
26.
Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings
26.1 These terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts. If you live in Scotland, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
27.
Alternative dispute resolution
27.1 Please note that disputes dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or in connection with End User Licence Agreement or the breach, termination or validity thereof, shall be submitted to the Consumer Dispute Resolution Limited (CDRL) for alternative dispute resolution provider in accordance with the Alternative Dispute Resolution for Consumer Disputes (Competent Authorities and Information) Regulations 2015.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and web beacons in our Apps and Services. A cookie is a small text file that is delivered with pages from the Apps or Services and which is stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer or on your smartphone. Cookies have various functions, for example, a cookie can store your language preferences or password token. Web beacons are electronic files invisibly embedded on web pages or in email to permit the sender to track online movements of web users. Cookies and web beacons do not usually contain any information that could personally identify you.
At this time we do not respond to browser ‘do not track’ signals, as we await the development of industry standards for how such signals should be interpreted.
You can turn off the use of cookies via the settings on your computer or your smartphone. Please note, turning off cookies can result in some functions of the website or Apps not working properly. You may directly opt-out from Google Analytics cookies by contacting Google.
Additional Information and Contacts
Children Under the Age of 13
Our services are directed to the general public. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age or have any reasonable grounds for believing that children under the age of 13 are accessing our Services or using our Apps. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, or if you wish to remove publicly available content, please contact us at
info@allintheloop.com
or the mailing address at: .
All In The Loop Ltd
Boundary Works
Chelford Road
Ollerton, Knutsford
Cheshire, WA16 8TA
Limitations of Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in the Apps or services, or at an event or function supported by All In The Loop technologies. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who may advertise through our Apps, and who may use technologies to serve ads or offer relevant information to you.
If you have questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us at:
info@allintheloop.com
If you have questions about the event organizer’s use of your personal data, we recommend that you read and review the privacy policy of the event organizer and contact the event organizer if you still have questions.
We're offline
Leave a message
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience while you browse through our website. By pursuing the use of our website you implicitly agree to the usage of cookies on this site.
Learn more
Accept All
Preferences
Your Cookie Preference
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories that you want to allow. Visit our website to learn more about our
Cookie Policy
Essential
These cookies are necessary for the basic functionality of the website. Without these cookies, certain functions, like live chat, knowledge base, etc., will not work.
Learn more
Performance
These cookies are used to enhance your browsing experience. Also, these cookies will aid us in assisting you better with our engagement and support tools.
Learn more
Analytics
These cookies are used to help us understand how our website is being used. They can also be used to analyze the effectiveness of our marketing activities and to create a personalized browsing experience for you.
Learn more