WORKPLACE MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY
iOffice is now Eptura Workplace
In 2023, iOffice became Eptura Workplace. Now you can browse Eptura for resources from space planning and workplace experience software to customer support.
Explore Eptura Workplace
Eptura Workplace customer resources
Current customers — submit a request for product support or browse the Eptura Knowledge Center for training and technical documentation.
Support
Enter a Workplace support ticket
Need help with Workplace? Enter a ticket request into our workflow and a member of our support team will be happy to assist you.
Get product support
Knowledge Center
Browse the Workplace Knowledge Center
Find training materials, technical documentation, and more resources to help your team get the most out of Workplace.
Browse resources
Account
Log into Eptura Workplace
To access your company's web portal, please reach out to your IT department for the exact URL. Generally, the format of the URL follows this pattern:https://[yourcompanyname].iofficeconnect.com/. Your IT department will be able to provide the specific link for your organization.
Read the help article
Workspace solutions that work for everyone
Connect hybrid workers
Connect team members wherever they work, and help them book workspaces and find one another when coming to the office with mobile app access and Microsoft 365 integrations.
Learn more
Understand office occupancy
Learn traffic patterns in your buildings by capturing real-time data on space usage and visitor activity to make better decisions for the future of your workplace.
Learn more
Simplify employee service requests
Allow employees to submit their in-office needs, from AV equipment work tickets and maintenance to amenity requests like catering or rideshare services.
Learn more
Customer
success stories
“Eptura Workplace is a complete workplace solution tool, including floor plan, people management, moves, mail, visitors, and more.”
LYNDA, PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY REAL ESTATE STRATEGY
“The data we get from Eptura Workplace helps us understand what spaces are being used and which are being underused. It is helpful for creating custom dashboards and running instant reports that can be passed to leadership on occupancy, utilization, and performance of space and assets.”
JAMIE, INSURANCE INDUSTRY MANAGER
“Eptura Workplace is a complete workplace solution tool, including floor plan, people management, moves, mail, visitors, and more.”
LYNDA, PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY REAL ESTATE STRATEGY
“The data we get from Eptura Workplace helps us understand what spaces are being used and which are being underused. It is helpful for creating custom dashboards and running instant reports that can be passed to leadership on occupancy, utilization, and performance of space and assets.”
JAMIE, INSURANCE INDUSTRY MANAGER
“Eptura Workplace is a complete workplace solution tool, including floor plan, people management, moves, mail, visitors, and more.”
LYNDA, PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY REAL ESTATE STRATEGY
1
2
RESOURCES
Discover
more
From blog posts to podcasts, head to our resource hub to keep up with the latest on how to work your world.
Discover more
BLOG
2024 Workplace Index report: How organizations can “flatten the mountain”
Although there are ways facility and workplace leaders can leverage the midweek mountain occupancy trend, some will want to flatten the curve to optimize utilization rates and level demand on services, allowing them to control costs while delivering the best possible employee experience.
Read more
PODCAST
Advancing FM and Leading the Digitization of the Built Environment
Interview with Lynn Baez, Enterprise Vice President of Facilities and Workplace at McKesson, about the world of work and how digital transformation is essential in facilities management.
Listen now
CUSTOMER STORY
Beauty trailblazer Sephora streamlines its moves with Eptura
With its reputation of breaking the beauty-retail mold, it’s no surprise that Sephora is a growing company. However, this growth led to the need for reorganization and office moves, which left facilities managers struggling to keep up. With the help of Eptura, Sephora could enjoy continued growth — without worrying about how to manage its next move.
Read more
Ready to learn more?
Sign up to stay in the loop on new product updates, the latest innovations in worktech, and tips & tricks to help you work your world.
*
Company Email*
*
By submitting this form, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Eptura as described in the
Privacy Statement
Submit
Keep me updated
Stay connected
Like us
Follow us
Subscribe
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://eptura.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
Website Privacy Statement
Effective Date: 14th September 2024
Introduction
Data privacy is important to Eptura, Inc and its affiliates (“Eptura”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”).
We keep this Privacy Statement updated to communicate with you, in the clearest way possible, how Eptura collects, uses, shares and secures personal information when you use our websites (such as
www.eptura.com
or other Eptura websites that link to this Privacy Statement). It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of personal information. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement contact
privacy@eptura.com
.
By visiting our websites or providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection, processing, and storage of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement does not cover any information or data collected by Eptura through the use our hosted software applications. Please see our
SaaS Privacy Policy
for such details.
About Eptura and the Personal Information We Collect
Eptura is a leading provider of workplace management and optimization software services. We assist companies to run more effectively and efficiently by using our software solutions to improve workflows and workplace management.
Eptura collects, processes and retains information about you when you visit our websites. You may choose to provide us with information, such as your name, email address, company information, telephone number, mailing address, job role, or other information, to access protected information on our websites or so we can follow up with you after your visit.
Passive Collection
As is true of most websites, Eptura or Eptura service providers may gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, the links you click on, other actions you may take when accessing our websites, services or emails, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our Cookies and Similar Technologies section below.
User Data Supplementation
We may also receive and combine information about you or your organization from other sources, including publicly available databases, our affiliates or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.  This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include: marketing data about your organization from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you to create more tailored advertising and products.
Eptura Collects, Holds and Uses Personal Information as Necessary
Eptura will retain Personal Information we process for duration and as necessary for valid business purposes. Eptura will retain this Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Eptura uses the information collected about you to:
Provide you with the support you may request;
Respond to your inquiries or to fulfill your requests;
Diagnose website technical problems;
Send you information that we believe may be of interest to you, such as product announcements, newsletters, educational materials and upcoming events;
Send you administrative information such as notices related to product, service or policy changes;
Understand how our websites and services are being used;
Personalize your experience on our websites and present products, features or news that are tailored to your interests;
Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activity; and
As described to you when we collect the information.
Disclosure
Eptura does not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information collected through its websites with third parties for their sole promotional purposes or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Statement. Eptura may share information with third party service providers contracted to provide services on our behalf. These services may include cloud computing infrastructure, sending marketing communication and conducting research and analysis. These third party service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Eptura will not otherwise disclose your personal information to a third party outside of our affiliates without your express consent, except for third parties which we utilize for the purposes of communications, in which case those third parties will receive your personal information in order for us to provide the communications. However, you should be aware that Eptura may be required to disclose your personal information without your consent in order to comply with any court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process or investigation including by tax authorities, if such disclosure is required by law, where possible and appropriate, to protect your rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, we will notify you if we are required by law to disclose your personal information.
Cookies and Similar Technology
Eptura and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, please refer to these sites. Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out and (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Third-Party Websites
This website contains links to other sites that Eptura does not own or control and whose privacy practices may differ from those of Eptura. Please be aware that Eptura is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our websites. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each website that collects personal information, as their privacy statement will govern any personal information you submit to those sites. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by Eptura websites.
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our websites that may contain personal information such as the customer’s name, photograph and/or social media links. We obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to request the removal of your testimonial, contact us at
privacy@eptura.com
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our websites include social media features, such as YouTube videos, the Facebook Like button, and widgets such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
Security
Eptura employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of information. However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed. Eptura is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of information. Users of our sites are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any Eptura websites. In order to protect you and your information, Eptura may suspend your use of a website, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure area of any Eptura site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution.
You May Request Access to Personal Information
Upon request, Eptura will provide with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If at any time after registering for information, your personal information changes, you may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information, or withdraw consent by sending us a request specifying updated information or your new choice. Simply send your request to
privacy@eptura.com
or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
You can Opt-Out of any Email Communications
If at any time you decide that you no longer wish to receive email communication from us, you can choose to be removed from any mailing list by following the “unsubscribe” link within our email communication, or by sending your request to
privacy@eptura.com
or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as necessary to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us via the information below. We will respond to your request to access or delete your information within 30 days. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Eptura Has a Privacy Complaints Process
Eptura commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding policy should first contact Eptura at:
privacy@eptura.com
or by regular mail addressed to: Data Privacy Officer, Eptura, 950 East Paces Ferry Road, NE, Suite 800, Atlanta GA 30326.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement or if you need to update, change or remove information or if you would like to lodge a complaint about how we handled your privacy information, you can do so by contacting
privacy@eptura.com
or by regular mail addressed to: Data Privacy Officer, Eptura, 950 East Paces Ferry Road, NE, Suite 800, Atlanta GA 30326.
Ready to learn more?
Sign up to stay in the loop on new product updates, the latest innovations in worktech, and tips & tricks to help you work your world.
*
Company Email*
*
By submitting this form, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Eptura as described in the
Privacy Statement
Submit
Keep me updated
Stay connected
Like us
Follow us
Subscribe