Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
ABOUT THIS SERVICE
Debitrak Cashless Payment Systems Ltd operates this service on behalf of 

STEAK OUT CATERING LTD
10 Knox Street
Ballyhaunis
Co. Mayo

Refund Policy

Please note that top-up vouchers must be redeemed within the school calendar year in which they were purchased, i.e. between August and July. Vouchers not redeemed within this period are voided after the end of the school calendar year. Please note no refunds/cancellations can be made after vouchers are purchased. 

General Terms and Conditions

Welcome to our App. If you continue to browse and use this App, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern STEAK OUT CATERING relationship with you in relation to this App. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our App. The use of this App is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this App is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this App for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this App is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this App meet your specific requirements. This App contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this App, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the App. Unauthorised use of this App may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this App may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the App(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked App(s). Your use of this App and any dispute arising out of such use of the App is subject to the laws of Ireland, England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.

General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance Statement

STEAK OUT CATERING
Your Personal Data:
What we need

Debitrak Cashless Payment Systems LTD will be what’s known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information or location based information. This does however include name, and email and optionally your Mobile phone number.

Why we need it

We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with an account on this portal and in line with your participation in the cashless payment system at STEAK OUT CATERING. We will not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee this service to you.

What we do with it

All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the European Union. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so. We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.

How long we keep it

We are required to keep your basic personal data (name, email) whilst you are an active user of the cashless payment scheme at STEAK OUT CATERING after which time it will be destroyed.

This information is not shared with third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via phone, email or our App. You may contact us to request changes or removal of your data at any time using the contact us section of the portal or our main contact details listed below.

What are your rights?

If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.

If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at mypersonaldata@debitrak.com, or via one of the contact methods described below.

Collection and use of technical information.

This App does not use cookies, apart from temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor's web browser to remember which pages on this App have already been visited. Visitors can use this App with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this App may be logged by our internet service provider for accounting and auditing purposes. It is our policy not to disclose such technical information in respect of individual App visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1988 Data Protection Amendment) Act 2003.
Further Information and Contact Details

STEAK OUT CATERING LTD
10 Knox Street
Ballyhaunis
Co. Mayo

Payments Security Statement
Our Payment Service Provider is Opayo (formerly SagePay) – the largest independent payment service provider (PSP) in the UK and Ireland.

Sage Pay provides a secure payment gateway (Level 1 PCI DSS), processing payments for thousands of online businesses, including ours. It is Sage Pay’s utmost priority to ensure that transaction data is handled in a safe and secure way.

Sage Pay uses a range secure methods such as fraud screening, I.P address blocking and 3D secure. Once on the Sage Pay systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same internationally recognised 256-bit encryption standards.

Sage Pay is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant to the highest level and maintains regular security audits. They are also regularly audited by the banks and banking authorities to ensure that their systems are impenetrable.

Sage Pay is an active member of the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) that defines card industry global regulation.

In addition, you know that your session is in a secure encrypted environment when you see https:// in the web address, and/or when you see the locked padlock symbol alongside the URL.

So when buying through our site, you can be sure that you are completely protected.