App DATA PROTECTION NOTICE - iCabbi
We, Coolnagour Limited t/a iCabbi ("
iCabbi
") (“
we
” “
our
” or “
us
”) with our registered office address at 2
nd
Floor, Supervalu Offices, Sutton Cross, Sutton, Dublin 13 are fully committed to respecting your privacy and to protecting any information you provide to us or that we receive about you from our client taxi companies ("
iCabbi Clients
"). We treat both privacy and security as a priority and make every effort to ensure that all the information provided by you is protected.
This Data Protection Notice (the "
Notice
") exists to respect and protect the privacy of all users of the services provided by us (the "
iCabbi Services
") and is intended to inform you about the way that we treat your personal data.
1. Scope of Notice
This Notice applies in relation to the processing by iCabbi of your personal data as a controller and in particular to your use of, or engagement with our software application (the "
App
");
This Notice sets out the basis on which any personal data we receive or collect about you in connection with your use of the iCabbi Services ("
Personal Data
"), will be processed by us or by our third-party service providers.
For the purpose of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the "
GDPR
"), we are the controller of your Personal Data in certain circumstances (as outlined below).
·
Client Services
- to the extent that your Personal Data is collected by iCabbi Clients in connection exclusively with the provision of their separate taxi company services (the "
Client Services
"), the iCabbi Client shall be the controller of your Personal Data. Further information regarding the collection and processing of your Personal Data by the iCabbi Client is set out in the iCabbi Client Passenger Data Protection Notice which we recommend you read in detail before using the App. This Client Passenger Data Protection Notice is available from your iCabbi Client (Taxi Company)
·
iCabbi Services-
to the extent certain categories of your Personal Data are shared with or collected by iCabbi for purposes of or in connection with the iCabbi Services as more particularly detailed below, iCabbi shall be a controller of your Personal Data and your Personal Data shall be processed in accordance with this Notice.
2. Your Personal Data Collected and Processed by iCabbi
IMPORTANT: Please note that the below list of Personal Data, while intended to be as complete and accurate as reasonably possible, is merely indicative and not exhaustive and may be updated from time to time.
iCabbi typically receives and processes some or all of the following Personal Data about you.
Data Collected
Information provided
· Information provided when you engage with iCabbi Clients to use the Client Services and the iCabbi Services, create an account through the App, download or install the App, and when you report a problem with the iCabbi Services, App or Website or when you correspond with iCabbi or iCabbi Clients generally in connection with your use of the Services.
· The information you provide to iCabbi Clients may include but is not limited to your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, age, date of birth, username, password and other registration information, financial and credit card information, [photograph] and gender.
· We may collect demographic information about you, including through user surveys.
Device Information
· Technical information including but not limited to the type of device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, network information, your operating system, time zone setting and device locale)
Log Information
· Details of your use of the iCabbi Services including, but not limited to weblogs and/or other communication data and the resources that you access
Location Information
· Depending on how you choose to use the iCabbi Services (that is, whether through use of our App, Website or by contacting iCabbi Clients or iCabbi through other means), we may collect details of your location data to determine your current location.
Information we receive from other sources
· iCabbi may receive certain information (both from iCabbi Client and from third party service providers) about you that they choose to disclose with us. This information may include your name, email, address and location.
Transaction Information
· iCabbi may receive transaction details related to your use of the iCabbi and/or Client Services, including the type of services you requested, your order details, delivery information, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, distance travelled, and payment method. iCabbi and iCabbi Clients may also record details as to whether or not a taxi journey is cancelled by you.
·
Usage Information
· iCabbi Clients may share information with iCabbi about how you interact with the Client Services. This includes information such as access dates and times, App features or pages viewed, App crashes and other system activity, type of browser, and third-party sites or service you were using before interacting with the Client Services.
· We use Stripe for payment, analytics, and other business services. Stripe collects identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy.
3. Legal Bases and Purposes
Where your Personal Data is used for
the purposes of the iCabbi Services
(e.g. for taxi tracking, fraud prevention and credit risk reduction purposes) iCabbi shall be a controller and process your Personal Data for the purposes and on the bases set out below:
Legal Basis
Legitimate Interests
Purposes
It is in iCabbi's legitimate interests to collect and process the personal data for the following purposes:
· To facilitate the iCabbi Services being provided to you through utilisation of iCabbi software.
· To protect the rights, property or safety of you, or others (this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
· To monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic and demographic patterns.
· To prevent, detect and combat fraud in connection with the use of the iCabbi Services. For example, iCabbi uses user profile, location, device and usage information, to identify and prevent circumstances when users attempt to defraud other users.
· To carry out analysis and research on usage trends & traffic. This includes, for example, predicting demand and trends, to improve the user experience, and to enhance the safety and security of the iCabbi Services.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data carried out on this basis.
When iCabbi processes your personal data based on legitimate interests, it makes sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you and your data protection rights. iCabbi will not process your personal data for activities where its interests are overridden by the impact on you.
Legal Basis
To Comply With a Legal Obligation
Purposes
iCabbi may process your Personal Data as necessary in order for it:
· To comply with applicable Irish and European Union laws.
· To comply with requests from regulators, government entities and official inquiries.
4. Disclosure of Your Information to Third Parties
Where iCabbi acts as a controller of your Personal Data, iCabbi may disclose some or all of the Personal Data it holds about you to the following third parties:
Recipient
·
Law Enforcement Agencies:
iCabbi may disclose your informationif it is under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
·
Buyers and Sellers of Business Assets:
If iCabbi or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
·
iCabbi Group:
iCabbi may disclose your personal information to other members of its group, which means its subsidiaries, its ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
5. Links to Third Party Websites
The App or Website may contain links to and from the websites of iCabbi and/or iCabbi Client partner networks, advertisers and service providers. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own data protection notices and that iCabbi and iCabbi Clients do not accept any responsibility or liability for these notices or for any Personal Data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these notices before you submit any personal data to these websites or use any such third party services.
6. iCabbi Use of Statistical Information
iCabbi may log certain information concerning your use of the App or Website in relation to activities connected with the use the iCabbi Services. This information is logged for the purpose of providing the iCabbi Services. The information gathered is then aggregated and anonymised.
From the anonymised information collected, statistics may be compiled in the form of percentages and/or figures relating to users’ interaction with the iCabbi Services. As a service, certain anonymised statistical information may be supplied to third parties in order to help them understand the likes, dislikes, trends, habits and behaviour of iCabbi Service users.
7. Storing and Transfers of Your Personal Data
The Personal Data collected from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"). It may also be processed by staff or contractors operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Your Personal Data is
only
transferred outside the EEA where the EU Commission has decided that the third country in question ensures an adequate level of protection in line with EU data protection standards
OR
there are appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal data.
All information that is shared with and controlled by iCabbi is stored on our secure servers or the servers of our service providers, contractors or suppliers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the App or Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
8. How Long We Keep Your Personal Data For
iCabbi will keep your Personal Data for as long as you use the App or Website and after you delete your account for a reasonable period not exceeding 7 years.
Please note that in certain circumstances, iCabbi may hold your Personal Data for a longer period, for example, if we are processing an ongoing claim or believe in good faith that the law or a relevant regulator may reasonably in our view expect or require us to preserve your data.
9. Your Rights & How to Exercise Them
You have a number of rights in relation to your Personal Data which are set out in this Section 9.
In particular these rights include the right to object to processing of your personal data where that processing is carried out for our legitimate interests
. Note that in certain circumstances, these rights might not be absolute.
Right
Further Information
Right to be Informed
· You have the right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed by us, how we use your personal data and your rights in relation to your personal data.
Right of Access
· You have the right to request a copy of the personal data held by us about you.
· We will only charge you for making such an access request where we feel your request is unjustified or excessive.
· You may also access your personal data by logging into your account on the App or Website and viewing your profile.
Right to Rectification
· You have the right to request that we amend any inaccurate personal data that we have about you.
Right to Erasure
· You have the right to ask us to erase your Personal Data where:
(1) it is no longer necessary to perform the contract
(2) you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal basis permitting us to process your personal data
(3) you object to the processing and we have no overriding legitimate grounds
(4) your personal data have been unlawfully processed; or
(5) it must be erased to comply with a legal obligation.
· Please note that some of your personal data may be required in order for the App to function properly.
Right to Restriction of Processing
· You have the right to ask us to restrict processing your personal data in the following situations:
(1) where you contest the accuracy of your personal data
(2) where the processing is unlawful and you do not want us to delete your personal data
(3) where we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing but you require the data in relation to a legal claim
(4) where you have objected to us processing your personal data pending the verification as to whether or not our legitimate interests override your interests or in connection with legal proceedings.
· When you exercise this right we may only store your personal data.
· We may not further process the data unless you consent or the processing is necessary in relation to a legal claim or to protect the rights of another person or legal person or for reasons of important public interest.
· Please note that it be may necessary for us to process some of your personal data in order to provide the App or Website and in certain instances where you ask us not to process your personal data you may not be able to use the App or Website.
· We will inform you before the processing restriction is lifted.
Right to Data Portability
· You may request us to provide you with your Personal Data which you have given us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may request us to transmit your Personal Data directly to another controller where this is technically feasible.
· This right only arises where:
(1) we process your personal data on the legal bases of your consent or where it is necessary to perform our contract with you;
and
(2) the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Object
· You have a right to object at any time to the processing of your Personal Data where we process your Personal Data on the legal basis of pursuing our legitimate interests.
Right to Object to Automated Decision-Making, including Profiling
· You have a right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
· We may not be able to comply with this request where the processing is necessary to enter or perform our contract with you or where you explicitly consent to this. However, you are entitled to have a person from our team to review the decision so that you can query it and set out your point of view to us.
If you wish to submit a request to iCabbi to exercise any of the above rights, please submit a request in writing to
compliance@icabbi.com
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission with regards to the processing of your personal data by us. For further information see
www.dataprotection.ie
.
10. Age Restriction
Individuals under the age of 18 are not eligible to use the Services and must not attempt to register and/or submit any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 18 or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 18, we will delete this information as soon as reasonably possible. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us at
compliance@icabbi.com
11. Changes to the Data Protection Notice
Any material changes we may make to the Notice in the future will be notified to you by pop-up notification when you next start the App or visit the Website. The new Notice may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to continue your use of the App or the Website.
12. Questions Regarding This Notice
If you have a comment, request or question regarding iCabbi's processing of your Personal Data, please contact
compliance@icabbi.com
Any questions regarding the processing by iCabbi Clients of your Personal Data should be directed to the contact details set out in the relevant iCabbi Client's data protection notice available from the iCabbi Client (Taxi Company)