Effective Date: 22 March 2022
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, websites and related services, collectively referred here as our Services. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to new Privacy Policy. Your use of our Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
Terms of use
are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
Privacy policies of third party analytics and advertising sdks.
Applovin Privacy Policy
Tenjin Privacy Policy
Appmetrica Privacy Policy
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, including those related to exercise any of your rights, please contact third party companies support.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tenjin.com/privacy:
LAST UPDATED: February 25, 2025
Tenjin, Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. The first section of this document describes our practices in connection with information that we collect from our customers and potential customers through the websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), and from users of the Websites (whether or not such users are our customers). The Websites include tenjin.io, tenjin.com, blog.tenjin.io, blog.tenjin.com, docs.tenjin.io, docs.tenjin.com, track.tenjin.io, track.tenjin.com, and dashboard.tenjin.com. The second section describes the information we collect in the course of providing services to our customers (the “Services”). If you are a Tenjin employee or contractor and want to learn how Tenjin uses your personal information, you can find that information in the “Tenjin Notice of Data Privacy for Employees” posted in Confluence.
European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”)
Tenjin provides tools and services to mobile app developers so that they can track and analyze certain End User actions in the context of mobile marketing. Tenjin does not collect any data directly (except from the companies and people that sign up for Tenjin or request marketing info, which is described in the Website Privacy Policy below). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the UK’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”), Tenjin is a data processor. As a data processor, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. The mobile app developers must receive your consent in order for Tenjin to process, and perhaps store, your data. Tenjin recognizes your right of access under Section 15 of GDPR and Section 45 of UKDPA. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app, and you wish to exercise your right of access, you must contact the owner or operator of the mobile app (the data collector).
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) became law on January 1st, 2020 but enforcement begins six (6) months from the date the California Attorney General issues final regulations (which shall be no later than July 1st, 2020). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under CCPA, Tenjin is a service provider. As a service provider, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. Tenjin customers must comply with the opt-out requirements under CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.120(a)) and take into account any exceptions or other requirements mandated by law. As a service provider, Tenjin relies on CCPA’s business purpose exemption under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(t)(2)(C) and as a service provider, Tenjin does not have any direct obligations to the End Users to obtain consent, provide opt-outs, or delete data. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app and you wish to opt-out or exercise another right under CCPA, you must contact the app publisher (the business).
The above applies to both Section 1 and Section 2 below.
SECTION 1: WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person. We collect Personal Information, such as name, organization name and email address, from our customers and potential customers when they provide it to us through the Services (such as by creating an Account), through the Website, or via email sent to a Tenjin email address.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To provide you with customer service.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers and consultants who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER INFORMATION
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser and device information; information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies; and aggregated information.
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device that you are using to access the Websites. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Websites, pages visited and other anonymous traffic data. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Websites. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with the Websites to, among other things, track the actions of users (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Websites.
Using a third-party analytics provider: We use Google Analytics and Hubspot for our Website analytics. These providers use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the Websites, compile statistical reports on Website activity, and provide other services related to the Websites. They may also collect information about Website visitors’ use of other websites. For more information about Google Analytics, including how to opt out, please go to:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on Hubspot’s privacy practices, please go to:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Websites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Websites.
By aggregating information: Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Websites link. The inclusion of a link on the Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
SECURITY
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect Personal Information and Other Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Data collected from your device is encrypted using SSL or other technologies. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Websites are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Websites you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
MODIFYING INFORMATION
Customers can access and modify their billing address by emailing
privacy@tenjin.com
. If customers want to delete their own Customer Data or their Account from the Services, customers can contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
with a request. We will delete the Customer Data but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. If a customer ceases subscribing to the Services, please email
privacy@tenjin.com
and we’ll automatically delete the customer’s Account and take steps to delete that customer’s Customer Data from the Services.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. Your use of the Websites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
.
SECTION 2: SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
CUSTOMER DATA
Our customers are advertisers. On behalf of a customer, we receive data about its advertising campaign on a particular advertising network directly from that network. “Customer Data” means advertising campaign data or information made available to Tenjin or the Tenjin Platform by or on behalf of a customer or any Authorized User, or via a customer’s use of the Tenjin Platform. We format and otherwise process the Customer Data, to help our customer understand and analyze the effectiveness of and costs associated with its advertising campaigns across various advertising networks.
HOW WE COLLECT CUSTOMER DATA
We collect Customer Data through Tenjin’s software development kit (“Tenjin SDK”) that customers have a license to use. We may also collect Customer Data from our customers’ third party mobile marketing partners, to the extent that the customer has authorized us to do so.
HOW WE USE CUSTOMER DATA
We use Customer Data to provide the Services to the relevant customer. We may also use it to improve the Services and develop new products and services.
We do not share Customer Data with any customer other than the customer to which it relates, unless we have received the prior express written consent of the customer to do otherwise. Without consent, we may disclose Customer Data:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers; and To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
In addition, we may use or disclose Customer Data as we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Unless prohibited by applicable law or advertising network terms, we may aggregate Customer Data such that it is not reasonably identifiable with or to the customer to which it relates, or the customer’s end users (“Aggregate Data”). We may share Aggregate Data with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
HOW WE COLLECT AND PROCESS END USER DATA FOR CUSTOMERS
Customers may send information about individuals using their app (“End Users”) to Tenjin for processing and storage. This information may include Vendor ID (if available), IP address, Apple Search attribution (if enabled), Bundle ID, SDK Version, App Version, OS Version, Device Type, Device Model, Device Locale, Device Country, OS Platform, Limit Ad Tracking setting, and Advertising ID. Advertising IDs are user-specific, unique character strings that can be reset by the user and are used to track an End User’s device for advertising purposes. Examples include Google Ad ID and IDFA.
Tenjin customers must abide by all applicable laws and obtain all applicable consents before sending End User data to Tenjin. If you feel that your data has been collected by a Tenjin customer without your consent, please contact the Tenjin customer directly. If you would like to access, modify or delete your data collected by a Tenjin customer, please contact the Tenjin customer directly.
Tenjin also recognizes the Right to Erasure under Article 17 of GDPR. For erasure requests, since Tenjin is a data processor, please contact the Tenjin customer directly with your deletion request.
HOW WE PROCESS AND SECURE DATA
Tenjin is a SaaS company whose solutions are built on the AWS platform. Data is processed by Tenjin in secure locations operated by Amazon (AWS) in the United States.
Tenjin uses appropriate and reasonable measures to protect data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, while taking into account any inherent risks and the nature of the data. Additional details on AWS security certifications and procedures can be found here:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Security/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf
.
QUESTIONS
Please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or Tenjin’s compliance with GDPR or CCPA. Please email
privacy@tenjin.com
if you would like to contact Tenjin’s Data Protection Officer (DPO), or EU representative under GDPR Article 27.
Tenjin is Listed in the Google Play SDK Index – Here’s What it Means for Mobile Developers
Google recently released this post on how they kept the Google Play and Android app ecosystems safe in 2024.The report reveals that 2.36 million apps were removed in 2024, with 158,000 developer accounts banned, highlighting a significant increase in enforcement compared to 2023. With stricter scrutiny on app ecosystem compliance, how can developers navigate this…
100 Million Downloads! How XGame Studio Achieved Global Success with Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps
In this case study, we take you through how XGame Studio, a leading mobile game publisher based in Hong Kong, achieved Global success using Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps.  Here’s a glimpse of the impressive results they were able to achieve with the help of Tenjin and GetApps, Xiaomi’s app store: – ≈ 20% boost in…
Tenjin Joins Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partner (MMP) Program
We’re thrilled to announce that Tenjin has officially joined  Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partners (MMP) program, a significant milestone in our 10-year journey of empowering mobile publishers.  What Does Meta’s MMP Status Mean for You? As an official MMP, Tenjin is now recognized as an official partner for mobile app attribution and analytics. This means Tenjin…
The State of Mobile Gaming in Brazil 2025: Data, Trends, and Market Analysis
In this post, we delve into the latest data, trends, and insights that showcase the state of mobile gaming in Brazil in 2025.  Drawing from exclusive industry reports, and insights from a leading local expert, we’ll explore the factors driving this remarkable growth, and the unique characteristics of the Brazilian gaming market. The State of…
×
We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the
privacy policy
and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
Sub-policy 2
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/:
General
Yandex Terms of Service
Yandex ID Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Yandex.Maps
Yandex Map Editor
Yandex.Store
Yandex.DNS
Yandex Disk
Yandex Zen
Yandex.Toloka
Yandex.Radar
Yandex Language Community
Yandex.Auto powered by Bosch
Yandex.Collections
Yandex.Collections API
Developer Console API
Yandex.Patents Service
Yango
Yandex Mail
Terms of watching of the paid content on KinoPoisk Service
Constructor Special Function
Yandex.Contest
“Yango Plus Cashback” – Loyalty program Terms
Yandex Games Collections
Terms of Membership in the Yandex Maps API Loyalty Program for startups
Yandex Maps API Service Agreement
Terms of Use of Yandex Cloud Postbox
Service Levels
Service Level for Postbox
Developer Tools
Yandex.Store Developer Agreement
Rich Content API
Yandex.Translate API
Yandex.Predictor API
Metrica
Yandex Mobile Ads SDK License Agreement
Yandex.Turbo Pages API
Terms of Use of Yandex.Games Platform for Developers
Terms of Use of “Yandex.Taxi Widget” Service
Terms of Use of Yandex.Dialogues
Contributor License Agreement of Yandex.Cloud Service
Yandex Publishing License Agreement
Terms of Targeting and Promoting Games to European Union
Software license agreements
Yandex Zen for Mobile Devices
Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement
legal/browser_agreement//en
Yandex.Flights
Yandex.Connect
Yandex.Toloka
Yandex.Metrica
Taximeter for Mobile Devices
Yandex.Cloud for Mobile Devices
Yandex.Keyboard program for Mobile Devices
For the owners of the web sites
Browser Update Constructor
Terms of Use of Yandex Webmaster
Yandex Advertising Network
Terms of Participation
For advertisers
General Terms and Conditions. Advertising Requirements
Regulations for placing advertisements on Yandex. Advertising
               Requirements
Advertising Requirements
Banner Ads. Advertising requirements
Smart banner. Advertising requirements
Procedure for Placement of Materials on Yandex Internet Media Places
Audience: Terms of Service
“Yandex Direct” Service Offer
Ad Serving Rules
English
English
Español
Français
Norsk
Română
Português
עברית
Srpski
Tiếng việt
Effective Date: 19.05.2022
Current version is available at
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential
.
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the “Policy”) covers any information about users of our products and services (hereinafter, “You”) that may include personal data as defined by applicable laws and regulations (hereinafter, “Personal information”), which YANDEX LLC and (or) its affiliated entities, including all entities belonging to the same group as YANDEX LLC (jointly referred to as “Yandex”), may obtain when you use any of the Yandex websites, programs, products or services, including its search, e-mail, map, storage service or any other program, product or service (jointly referred to as, the “Services”), information about which you can find on
yandex.ru
,
yandex.com
,
yandex.by
,
yandex.kz
,
yandex.com.tr
,
yandex.co.il
, and other Yandex websites (collectively, the “Sites”), and as well as during the performance of any contract or agreement Yandex concludes with you in relation to your using the Services. Also, Personal information can be obtained by Yandex through its partners (“Partners”), such as advertising partners or taxi service providers, who provide you with access to or let you use websites, programs, products or services owned or operated by them, and from the sources of publicly available personal data. Partners can provide Personal information to Yandex only as stipulated by applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with special agreements between Yandex and each of the Partners.
Please note that your using any of the Sites and/or Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which may amend and/or supplement this Policy and (or) include specific privacy terms in relevant parts of legal documents for such Sites and/or Services.
To provide you with access to the Sites and Services, your Personal information is collected and used by Yandex which may include YANDEX LLC, a company incorporated under Russian law, with a head office registered at 16 Lva Tolstogo St., Moscow 119021, Russia (“YANDEX” LLC), or its affiliates for particular Services or in specific jurisdictions. You can find information about the entity, which provides the particular Service in the relevant Service’s terms of use.
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland (except for the users of the services Yango, Yandex.Taxi, Deli) Yandex is represented by its Finnish entity, Global DC Oy, a company incorporated under Finnish law, with an office registered at Moreenikatu 6, 04600 Mantsala, Finland.
For users in Israel Yandex is represented by its Israeli entities Yandex.Go Israel Ltd, a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 148 Menachem Begin St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6492104, Yango.Taxi Ltd., a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 148 Menachem Begin St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6492104, and Yango Market Israel Ltd., a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 114 Yigal Alon, Tel Aviv, Israel 6744320.
Privacy and security of your Personal information are extremely important to us. When you use the Sites and/or Services, Yandex processes your Personal information and ensures its protection in strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
As part of our commitment to protecting your Personal information, we use this Policy to transparently inform you about the following:
(a) why and how your Personal information is collected and used (also, “processed”) by Yandex when you access the Sites or Services;
(b) Yandex’s role and responsibilities in this context as the legal entity deciding why and how your Personal information is processed;
(c) what instruments you may use to limit the amount of Personal information collected by Yandex; and
(d) what your rights are in relation to the above processing.
Personal information collected when you use the Sites and/or Services, or sites, services, programs or products of Partners, may differ depending on whether you access it while logged in to your Yandex user account or without logging in. When you are logged in to your Yandex user account as you are using the Sites or Services, Personal information collected by Yandex may be collated and combined with other Personal information (such as your identity, contact details, age and gender, if you shared this information with us) collected by Yandex in your user account. Yandex does not verify Personal information provided by you unless otherwise provided in the Terms of Use or License Agreement of relevant Services, and does not decide the its credibility or whether you have the legal capacity required. However, Yandex assumes that the information you provide is true, sufficiently complete and up-to-date.
Personal information collected by Yandex when you access, interact with or operate the Sites and/or Services includes:
(i) information provided by you when you register (create) a user account, such as your name, mobile phone number, address and age;
(ii) electronic data (http headers, IP address, cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, browser information, information about your hardware and software, wi-fi network data);
(iii) date and time of accessing the Sites or Services;
(iv) information related to your activity while using the Sites or Services (e.g. your search history, data on purchases in the Services, data on visited organizations, likes and preferences, email addresses of your mailing contacts, phonebook data, information about interaction with other users, as well as files and content stored in Yandex systems);
(v) (geo)location information;
(vi) other information about you that needs to be processed according to the terms and conditions of any specific Yandex Site or Service;
(vii) information about you that we may receive from our Partners in accordance with an agreement you made with this Partner and an agreement between Yandex and this Partner;
(viii) your payment cards information, and other payment information, provided by you, as well as provided by Partners or other entities engaged into processing of the payment operations conducted within the Yandex Sites or Services or in connection with providing commercial services by Yandex.
In addition, Yandex uses cookies and web beacons (including pixel tags) to collect your Personal information and associate this Personal information with your device and web browser (see Section 11 below).
Yandex does not actively collect any sensitive personal data (such as racial origins, political opinions, health or biometric data) unless specified in Terms of Use of relevant Services. However, you may voluntarily provide us with such data and we may process it as part of providing you with our Services (e.g. if you perform search queries related to your health). As we do not know in advance the potentially sensitive nature of the personal data you may provide to us, you must be aware that we may not be able to request your consent with such processing.
Yandex does not perform any form of profiling, which has the potential to significantly impact your rights and freedoms in accordance with applicable laws.
Yandex is not allowed to process your Personal information if it does not have a valid legal ground. Yandex will therefore only process your Personal information if:
(i) the processing is necessary to perform contractual obligations between you and Yandex such as User Agreement for Yandex Services (
https://yandex.com/legal/rules
) and the terms of use of specific Yandex Services, which also includes providing you with Sites and/or Services (i.e. providing you with the results of your search query);
(ii) the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
(iii) in case it is provided by applicable law, the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Yandex and does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Please note that when we process your Personal information on this basis, we will always seek to maintain a balance between our legitimate interest and the protection of your privacy.
Examples of such ‘legitimate interests’ referred in (iii) immediately above are:
(a) to better understand how you interact with our Sites and/or Services;
(b) to enhance, maintaining accessibility, modify, personalize or otherwise improve the Sites and Services for the benefit of all users; and
(c) to offer you other products and services from Yandex or other companies which we think can be of interest to you (i.e. personally-targeted advertising).
(iv) for specific purposes or if consent is required under the applicable laws and regulations, we may ask your consent for processing of your Personal information. In those jurisdictions in which consent is the legal basis, you provide such consent by agreeing to use our Sites and/or Services. We hereby inform you, and you hereby acknowledge, that you have no legal obligation to provide us with any Personal Information when you use the Sites or Services, and such provision is solely based on your free will. However, you are aware that without the provision of Personal Information, we will not be able to provide you with Services and your use of the Sites will be limited.
Yandex always processes your Personal information for a specific purpose and only processes Personal information, which is relevant to achieve that purpose. In particular, we process your Personal information for the following purposes:
(i) to provide you with the Sites and/or Services (i.e. delivery of search results in response to your search queries, taking into account your preferences, search history and other Personal information about you available to Yandex);
(ii) to provide you with access to your user account, including your email and storage service, if you have an account for these Services;
(iii) to contact you to notify and/or inform you or request information from you in relation to the Sites and Services, or to execute our agreements with you or process your request or application;
(iv) to personalize advertisements and/or commercial offers based on your preferences, search history and other Personal information available to Yandex;
(v) to improve user experience, including offering more relevant search results and more personalised Sites and/or Services, as well as improving other Yandex products, applications and services;
(vi) to develop new products, applications and services;
(vii) to protect your rights and the rights of Yandex; and
(viii) to collect, process and present statistical data or big data, or perform other research and/or analysis of Personal information;
(ix) discovering of the security risks to the Sites and Services, users, Yandex and/or third parties, which also includes your integrity check in course of entering into agreements while using the Sites or Services;
(x) arrangement of the acceptance of your payments, processing of the payment for goods and services by you in course of using the Sites and Services.
The use of information received from the Google API (Received Data) in Yandex Services is exercised in accordance with the
Google API Disclosure
subject to the restrictions specified therein, namely:
Yandex uses the Received Data to provide you with the functions of Email Client. The Received Data is not offered for use by third parties, displaying advertising materials and other purposes related to unauthorized access to the content of your correspondence.
For more details on processing the Received Data, please visit: (
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential_google_api
).
In most cases, Personal information is processed automatically without access to it by our staff. However, if such access is necessary, your Personal information can be accessed only by those Yandex employees whose professional tasks require using this information. To protect your Personal information and ensure its confidentiality, these employees must comply with internal rules and follow protocols for processing Personal information. They are also required to follow all technical and organisational security measures protecting your Personal information.
Yandex has also implemented adequate technical and organisational measures to protect Personal information against unauthorised, accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing. These security measures have been implemented taking into account the state of the art of the technology, their cost of implementation, the risks presented by the processing and the nature of Personal information.
7.1
Within the Yandex group
Yandex may transfer your Personal information to our employees (within the limits set out in Section 6 above). Yandex may also transfer your Personal information to its affiliates including other companies of the group to which Yandex belongs (the “Yandex Group”). Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not be identical to the level required in your jurisdiction, by using the Services you consent to such transfer.
In all cases, unless otherwise stated by the terms of use of the Sites or Services that are provided by companies of the Yandex Group, Personal information will continue to be processed only for the purposes set out in Section 5 hereof. Your Personal information may also be processed by entities listed at the page via
https://yandex.com/legal/affiliates
.
7.2 Outside the Yandex Group
Yandex may also transfer Personal information to third parties outside the Yandex Group to complete the purposes listed in Section 5 above. Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not be identical to the level in your jurisdiction and by using the Services you consent to such transfer.
Such third parties may include:
i. Partners, such as media publishers, advertising networks and other partners providing Yandex with services related to the placement and display of advertisement on the websites, programs, products and/or services owned or operated by such Partners, taxi companies operating the taxi Services;
ii. Advertisers or other Partners serving targeted advertisement on the Yandex Sites or Services; and third parties who process Personal information, such as our (IT) systems providers and/or consultants;
iii. Entities, providing information for discovering security risks to the Sites and Services, users, Yandex and/or third parties, including your integrity check in course of entering into agreements while using the Sites or Services;
iv. Entities, involved in the arrangement of the acceptance of your payments, processing of the payment for goods and services by you in course of using the Sites and Services (international payment systems, payment products vendors, banks and other financial organizations, etc.).
Yandex may also transfer Personal information to the following third parties outside the Yandex Group:
i. any third party, to whom we assign any of our rights or obligations under agreements related to offering of the Services to the users, or who maintain control with other means over the entities, offering the Services as a result of its acquisition (by acquisition of legal entity, objects of intellectual property, property, proprietary rights or otherwise);
ii. any national or international regulatory, enforcement, exchange body, central or local government department and other statutory or public bodies or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation at their request;
iii. third parties if you expressed your consent to such transfer or transfer of your Personal information is required for your use of a certain Service or performance of a particular agreement or contract with you;
iv. any third party to ensure legal protection for Yandex and/or the third parties if you violate the User Agreement of any of the Yandex Services (
https://yandex.com/legal/rules
), this Policy or the terms of use of specific Services, or if there is a threat of such violation.
Yandex stores Personal information in the Russian Federation and in the EEA.
For users in Russia: Yandex records, systematizes, accumulates, stores, clarification (updates, changes), extracts Personal information of the citizens of the Russian Federation using databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation.
For users in the EEA, Switzerland or Israel: Russia is a jurisdiction outside the European Economic Area, which has not been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of personal data protection. Therefore, Yandex has taken appropriate measures to ensure Personal information is handled according to applicable EU data protection rules.
In particular, Yandex relies upon Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure an adequate level of protection for your Personal information transferred to Russia. A copy of these Standard Contractual Clauses can be obtained upon request.
If you are located in a jurisdiction where transfer of your Personal Information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then by using the Sites or Services you provide Yandex with your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer, storage, and/or processing of the information in other jurisdictions, including Russia.
Yandex will only keep your Personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Unless otherwise legally required or agreed, the emails and documents, which are stored by you on our systems as part of the Service, will remain stored as long as you have an account with us, but you can delete them at any time.
If you wish to have any Personal information removed from our databases, you can have it removed using interface of the Sites or Services (where applicable). The tool for a data management is available for users authorized with Yandex services accounts in special ‘Data management’ section via Yandex ID profile (
https://passport.yandex.ru/profile
).
10.1
What are your rights
If it is provided by applicable law, you have a right of access to your Personal information as processed by Yandex under this Policy.
If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can log in to your user account and correct your Personal information yourself.
If it is provided by applicable law, you also have the right to:
learn the information about you that Yandex stores, in particular, via your account on the page
https://yandex.ru/support/id/data.html
, and to download an archive with your Personal information to your device;
request erasure of your Personal information or certain parts of it, as well as withdraw consent to the processing of the Personal information;
request the restriction of the processing of your Personal information;
request a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses enabling the transfer of your Personal information to Russia, referred to in Section 8 hereof;
object to the processing of your Personal information if it is provided by applicable law.
Yandex will honour any such requests or objections as required under applicable law.
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may be subject to other rights not specifically mentioned herein.
In case where you use the Services, the transfer of Personal Information is carried out with your consent expressing your free will and your interest, (in particular, on the ground of an agreement with you) and it is not an obligation by law.
10.2
How can you exercise your rights
To exercise the above rights, please log in to your user account, which will provide you with the option to do so, or in case of absence of special function in user account interface please contact Yandex (see Section 13 hereof).
If you are not satisfied with how Yandex processes your Personal information, please let us know and we will investigate your concern. If you are not satisfied with Yandex’s response, you have the right to make a complaint to the competent data protection authority.
11.1
What cookies Yandex uses and why
Cookies are small text files accepted and processed by device that you use to access our Sites. They contain information that is collected from your device and sent back to the Sites on each subsequent visit. Their use helps your navigation through the Sites and allows us remember your preferences over time. For more information on cookies, their description, purposes of use and possible options to disable follow our
Cookie Policy
.
The following types of cookies are used on the Sites:
strictly necessary cookies / technical cookies: these cookies are required to run the Sites and provide you with the Services and may, among other, allow Yandex to identify your hardware and software, including your browser type;
statistical / analytic cookies: these cookies enable us to recognise users, count the number of users and collect information such as your actions on the Sites and the Services, including the web pages you visit and the content you retrieve;
performance cookies: these cookies collect information about how users interact with our Sites and Services, enabling us to identify errors and test new functionalities to improve the performance of the Sites and the Services;
functionality cookies: these cookies enable us to provide specific functionalities in order to improve your experience on the Sites, for example by storing your preferences (e.g. language and location);
(third party) tracking / advertising cookies: these cookies collect information about users, sources of traffic, page visits and advertising displayed to you and followed by you. They enable us to display advertising which may be of interest to you based on collected Personal information. These cookies are also used for statistical and research purposes.
11.2
How long are those cookies stored on your device
Yandex only uses the information contained in the cookies for the above purposes, after which the data collected will remain stored on your device for a period that may depend on cookies type, but no longer than necessary to achieve their purpose and will be automatically removed from your system thereafter.
11.3
Who else has access to the information contained in the cookies
Personal information collected through cookies placed on your device may be transmitted to and accessed by Yandex or the third parties referred to in Section 7 hereof. The use of Personal information outside of the Sites for advertising purposes, if any, may be subject to separate policies available on the above third parties’ websites. Yandex or those third parties might also provide you with a possibility to opt out of personalized advertising, which shall be subject to laws and regulations applicable to such products, utilities and offerings. You may also manage the settings of display of the personalized advertising or turn such advertising off through the functionality available at
https://yandex.ru/tune/adv
.
The first time that you access the Sites, your approval for the use of these cookies may be requested. If after you have approved the use of cookies you want to make another choice, you can do this by deleting the cookies stored by your browser (usually via the options in your browser’s Privacy menu – please refer to your browser’s manual or developer’s website). The popup requesting your approval may then show up again and you can make a different choice. If you do not consent to the use of cookies, certain features of the Sites might become unavailable, which may affect your browsing experience. You may also set up your browser preferences to accept or decline by default all cookies or cookies from specific websites, including the Yandex Sites. If you approved the use of cookies on one of the Yandex Sites, we assume that the use of cookies on all Sites was approved by you.
Yandex may also use web beacons (pixel tags) in order to access the cookies previously placed on your computer for the following purposes:
(i) to track your actions on the Sites and when using the Services, by accessing and interacting with the cookies stored on your computer;
(ii) to collect statistical information related to operating the Sites, the Services or products, utilities, advertisements or other Yandex offerings.
This Policy may be subject to amendments. Yandex shall be entitled to make such amendments at its own discretion, including, without limitation, to reflect changes in applicable legislation or amendments to the Sites and/or Services.
Yandex undertakes not to introduce significant changes, imposing additional obligations or reducing your rights under this Policy without proper notice to you. You will be notified about such changes. If applicable, changes will be announced on the Site or Services (e.g. via a pop-up or web banner) prior to such changes taking effect, and you may also be notified via other channels (e.g. by email) if you have provided us with your contact details.
We welcome your questions or suggestions concerning implementation of or amendments to this Policy. To contact us please use this feedback form:
https://yandex.com/support/common/troubleshooting/main.html
.
You can also use this form to exercise your rights or report any inaccuracies in your Personal information or protest its processing.
_____________________________
Previous versions of the document:
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/22022022
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/21062021
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/19102020
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/15082019
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/15072019
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/24052018
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/11042018
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/20032018
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/08122017
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/18112016
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/17082016
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/01032016
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/30012015
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/14082013
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/15112011
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/31032011
English
English
Español
Français
Norsk
Română
Português
עברית
Srpski
Tiếng việt
Yandex uses cookies
They ensure the smooth operation of all Yandex sites and services. For more information, please read our
Cookie Policy
Allow all
Allow essential cookies
Settings
Cookie settings
Yandex uses technical cookies to ensure the site/app functions properly. However, we would also like to use optional marketing, analytics, and other types of cookies. These cookies help Yandex improve services, your experience, and ad relevancy. For more information about cookies, please read our
Cookie Policy
These cookies are necessary for crucial web browsing functions, such as authorization or navigation. They are essential to the service's functionality, so they are used by default.
These cookies improve the quality of Yandex services. They remember preference settings, anonymously analyze website traffic, and help displaying relevant ads.
These cookies are non-essential. They help to improve the experience of working on Yandex services and websites. They help to restore web page sessions, remember preferred regions, save personal preferences, and more.
Allow selected cookies
Allow essential cookies