Effective as of: August 12, 2024
Welcome to  Glow AI, an online AI-based application that allows you to tan your body by using in-app suggestions (collectively, “ Glow AI”, “App”).
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and will use your personal information
                only after obtaining your consent to the collection and processing of your personal data on the
                terms specified below and in strict accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (the
                “GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”), California Privacy Rights Act
                (the “CPRA”) and other applicable laws, regulations and guidelines.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how the developer of  Glow AI, OPENFACEAI
                PTE. LTD., a legal entity incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Singapore, registration
                number 202416414N, the Republic of Singapore (“we,” “us,” and “our”) collects, uses, and shares your
                personal information and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights.
Content
1.Scope
2.Changes To Our Privacy Policy
3.Personal Information We Collect
4.How We Use Your Information
5.How We Disclose Your Information
6.Your Privacy Choices And Rights
7.Security Of Your Information
8.International Data Transfers
9.Retention Of Personal Information
10.Supplemental Notice For California Residents
11.Supplemental Notice For Nevada Residents
12.Supplemental Notice For Virginia Residents
13.Children’s Information
14.Third-Party Websites/Applications
15.Supervisory Authority
16.Contact us
1.Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us on our App, and our related
                    online and offline offerings. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read, our App and related
                    offerings are collectively called “Services.”
2.Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole and absolute discretion. If
                    there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as may be required by
                    applicable law effective as of the date of such material changes becoming effective. You
                    understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you
                    continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. Also, we encourage you
                    to regularly review this Policy to check for any changes.
3.Personal Information We Collect
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our
                    Services and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us,
                    the information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other
                    sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below.
3.1 Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may process the following personal information that you provide to us.
(a). Photos. We may process the photos, that you upload from your device while using our App in order to give tips to tan your body. You won’t be able to upload content from your camera roll unless we can access your device’s camera. Please note that we DO NOT collect or store your biometric data from your photos such as facial features, geometry, physiological, biological, or behavioural characteristics. Consequently, we DO NOT introduce face recognition technologies or other technical means for the processing of biometric data for the unique identification or authentication of a user.
Your face data is collected directly from the photos you upload into the app. Once uploaded, our proprietary algorithms analyze your facial features to generate your personalized tanning recommendations.All face data is stored securely within our database in Singapore.User face data is retained for a period of 30 days after which it is automatically deleted from our servers. The data is not used for any other purpose during this period.
(b). Generated Content. We may also process the content you generate within the App.
(c). Usage Data. When you use our Services, we may collect information about your activity within our Services, for example, which tan tips you have viewed and for how long, pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, your history of using the app history, and other information about how you use our Services. We may also collect IP-addresses, the source of the traffic, information regarding the device and operating system, information about your wireless and mobile network connections, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, battery level, and time zone. We collect such data as IP-address, your device model, screen resolution and operation system, session durations, your location with the help of Google Analytics. These data help us to analyse your needs and interests, evaluate the effectiveness of our campaigns and improve our App and your user experience.
(d). Interactive Features. We and others who use our Services may process personal information
                    that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., the content that you
                    share and social media pages). Any information you provide on the public sections of these
                    features will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not
                    subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
(e). Purchases. We may provide paid features to our users. To allow such paid features, we may
                    collect personal information and details associated with your purchases, including payment
                    information (also subject to terms under Section 7(a) of the Terms of Use). In some cases, you
                    may need to provide us with additional information to verify your identity before completing a
                    transaction. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party payment processors.
                    We do not directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services,
                    but we may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing
                    details).
(f). Your Communications with Us. We may collect personal information, such as email address and
                    phone number when you request information about our Services, register to receive our newsletter
                    or marketing, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
(g). Surveys. We may contact you to participate in the surveys. If you decide to participate, you
                    may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
3.2 Information Collected from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services
                    and organizations. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application,
                    such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect
                    information about you from that third-party or third-party application that you have made
                    available via your privacy settings.
4.How We Use Your Information
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services,
                    for administrative purposes, and to market our Services, as described below.
If  Glow AI decides to change the purposes of processing specified above, we will inform you of
                    such changes before using your personal information for the newly established purposes and ask
                    for your separate consent (if required by the applicable laws).
4.1 Provide Our Services
We use your information to fulfil our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such
                    as:
(a). Tan your body Tips;
(b). Managing your information;
(c). Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
(d). Answering requests for customer or technical support;
(e). Communicating with you about your activities on our Services, and policy changes; and
(f). Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services
                    purchased.
4.2 Administrative Purposes
We use your information for various administrative purposes, such as:
(a). Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research and development
                    (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
(b). Detecting security incidents, data breaches and leakages, protecting against malicious,
                    deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that
                    activity;
(c). Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
(d). Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
(e). Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services;
(f). Developing new products and Services;
(g). Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
(h). Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
(i). Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
(j). Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities;
(k). Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
(l). Complying with our legal obligations.
4.3 Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may
                    provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Some of the ways we may market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and
                    “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the
                    use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set
                    forth in Section 16 (Contact Us) below with the subject line “Do Not Share My Personal
                    Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising”.
4.4 Other Purposes
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable
                    law.
(a). Consent. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to
                    you at the time you provide personal information or with your prior consent obtained in
                    accordance with applicable laws.
(b). De-identified and Aggregated Information. We may use personal information and other
                    information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as
                    de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the
                    device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
(c). Share Content with Friends or Colleagues. Our Services may offer various tools and
                    functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends or
                    colleagues through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or
                    share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use
                    our Services.
5.How We Disclose Your Information
We disclose your information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to
                    provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction
                    such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
5.1 Disclosures to Provide our Services
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are described below.
(a). Third Parties. When you use the Services, you may choose to share personal information or
                    content with third parties via the available functionality of the App.
(b). Service Providers. We may share your personal information with our third-party service
                    providers who use that information to help us provide our Services. This includes service
                    providers that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, analytics, customer
                    service, and related services.
(c). Business Partners. We may share your personal information with business partners to provide
                    you with a product or service you have requested. We may also share your personal information
                    with business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
(d). Advertising Partners. We may share your personal information with third-party advertising
                    partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools
                    on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP
                    address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners
                    may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for the
                    purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties
                    within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or
                    “personalized advertising.”
(e). APIs/SDKs. We may use third-party application program interfaces (“APIs”) and software
                    development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. For more information
                    about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth in Section 16 (*Contact Us*)
                    below.
5.2 Disclosures to Protect Us or Others
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external
                    parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law
                    enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena;
                    protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts;
                    collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or
                    actual illegal activity.
6.Your Privacy Choices And Rights
6.1 Your Privacy Choices
The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law
                    and are described below.
(a). Devices. We may send you push notifications through our App. You may opt out of receiving
                    these push notifications by changing the settings on your device. With your consent, we may also
                    collect precise location-based information via the App. You may opt out of this collection by
                    changing the settings on your device.
(b). “Do Not Track.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain
                    web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honour DNT signals or similar mechanisms
                    transmitted by web browsers.
(c). Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising. You may stop or restrict the placement of
                    Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or
                    device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly.
                    Please note that cookie-based opt outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you
                    may opt out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the
                    instructions for Android, iOS and others. The online advertising industry also provides websites
                    from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising
                    partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about
                    targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the Network Advertising
                    Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, the European Digital Advertising Alliance, and the
                    Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
6.2 Your Privacy Rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
(a). Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
                    This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we
                    are lawfully processing it.
(b). Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any
                    incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the
                    accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
(c). Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove
                    personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the
                    right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised
                    your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information
                    unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note,
                    however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific
                    legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
(d). Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or
                    those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you
                    want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights
                    and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for
                    direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate
                    grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
(e). Not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling,
                    which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects you. Please note, that we do not
                    use automated decision-making and profiling.
(f). Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to
                    suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
i. if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy;
ii. where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it;
iii. where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to
                    establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
iv. you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding
                    legitimate grounds to use it.
(g). Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party (commonly known as a
                    “right to data portability”). We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your
                    personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only
                    applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we
                    used the information to perform a contract with you.
(h). Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in case you consider that the processing of
                    personal data relating to you is an infringement of the applicable laws.
(i). Receive compensation in case you have suffered material or non-material damage as a result
                    of an infringement of the applicable laws by the entities and individuals processing your
                    personal data.
(j). Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
                    However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw
                    your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or
                    services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your
                    consent.
6.3 How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in Section 16
                    (Contact Us) below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws and provide
                    information on actions taken on your request within one month following the receipt of your
                    request. The general response period may be extended by two (2) additional months if  Glow AI
                    is overwhelmed by the number of user requests, or the request is complicated and requires
                    additional resources on our side.  Glow AI will inform you of such an extension within one
                    month following the receipt of the request specifying reasonably detailed reasons for such
                    delay.
7.Security Of Your Information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this
                    Privacy Policy by implementing and regularly updating our organisational and technical security
                    measures to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and
                    modification. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the
                    security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
                    law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate
                    with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your
                    use of our Services. If we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you
                    electronically by posting a message on our Services, by mail, email or via any other appropriate
                    notification method.
8.International Data Transfers
Your data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to our group companies
                    that are located outside the EEA and/or to third-party service providers which  Glow AI
                    engages in other regions (including without limitation Ukraine and the USA), which may have data
                    protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
If you are from the EEA, it is important for you to know that the transfer of your data to the
                    recipients in third countries under the GDPR is secured either by the participation of the
                    third-party providers from these countries on the basis of a data processing agreement with
                    implemented standard contractual clauses for data transfers between EEA and non-EEA countries
                    adopted by the European Commission and only after the performance of the transfer impact
                    assessment of such third country’s legislation; or another basis compliant with the EEA data
                    protection laws, including your explicit consent. By using our Services, you agree to such
                    transfer and processing within the purposes set in this Privacy Policy.
In all cases we pass the information to other persons, we ensure that your information is being
                    protected and used only within the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. This is achieved
                    by using only certified services and products, signing data processing agreements and
                    non-disclosure agreements with contractors, as well as taking technical measures to ensure the
                    information is protected when stored, used and while being transferred.
You also have to be aware of the fact that  Glow AI may disclose your personal information to
                    enforce and comply with the law. In other words,  Glow AI may disclose to officials the
                    information necessary for the investigation or legal process on official request or the official
                    bodies acting within their powers.
Please contact us via any available means if you want further information on the specific
                    mechanism used by us for international transfers of your personal data.
9.Retention Of Personal Information
We may store the personal information we collect from you as described in this Privacy Policy for
                    as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was
                    collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defences, conduct audits,
                    pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable
                    laws.
Your generated content will be stored on your device until you delete it manually using the App
                    functionality or until you delete the App from your device.
Please note that you may request us to delete your personal data by sending us an email at
                    support@openfaceaisg.com or by contacting us via any other available means.
10.Supplemental Policy For California Residents
This Supplemental Policy for California Residents only applies to our processing of personal
                    information that is subject to the CCPA and the CPRA. The CCPA and the CPRA provide California
                    residents with the right to know what categories of personal information a person (either a
                    natural person or a legal entity) has collected about them and whether such person disclosed
                    that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding
                    twelve (12) months. California residents can find this information below.
10.1 Categories of personal data collected
Category of Personal Information Collected by Company
Categories of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Identifiers
• Service providers• Other users or third parties you share with• Advertising partners
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
• Service providers• Other users or third parties you share with
Commercial information
• Service providers• Other users or third parties you share with
Internet or other electronic network activity
• Service providers• Other users or third parties you share with• Advertising partners
Geolocation data
• Service providers• Other users or third parties you share with• Advertising partners
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
• Service providers• Other users or third parties you share with• Advertising
                            partners
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and
                    commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above.
10.2 Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
(a). “Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA and the CPRA. For purposes of the CCPA and
                    the CPRA, we do not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale”
                    of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
(b). Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
                    treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA and the CPRA. We won’t
                    deny our Services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of
                    Services just because you exercised your rights under the applicable data protection laws.
(c). Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a
                    verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized
                    agent, please contact us as set forth below.
(d). Verification. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information
                    that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal
                    information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address
                    associated with any personal information we have about you.
(e). Limit of use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. You can ask us to only use
                    your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account
                    information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as
                    providing you with the services you requested.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA
                    and/or the CPRA, please contact us as set forth in Section 16 (Contact Us) below. We will
                    process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
11.Supplemental Policy For California Residents
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt out of the sale of certain personal
                    information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can
                    exercise this right by contacting us as set forth in Section 16 (Contact Us) below with the
                    subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address
                    associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal
                    information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
12.Supplemental Policy For Virginia Residents
Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, you may request us to exercise your right to
                    access your personal data, to correct inaccuracies in your personal data, to obtain a copy of
                    your personal data, to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of (a)
                    targeted advertising, (b) the sale of personal data, or (c) profiling in furtherance of
                    decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. Please note that
                    we do not sell your personal information as sales are defined in Chapter of the Code of
                    Virginia.
13.Children’s Information
We adhere to the provisions of the GDPR and the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
                    (the “COPPA”) regarding the processing of minors’ personal information. The Services are not
                    directed to children under sixteen (16) (or other, either lower or higher, age as required by
                    local law), and we do not knowingly process the personal information of children. If you learn
                    that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact
                    us as set forth in Section 16 (Contact Us) below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s
                    personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such
                    information.
14.Third-Party Websites/Applications
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications
                    may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We
                    encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they
                    interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy
                    practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to
                    third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
15.Supervisory Authority
If you reside in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. The full list of authorities on the protection of personal data in each EU member state is available via the following link: https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/library/list-personal-data-protection-competent-authorities.
Our Singapore data protection authority has the following details:
Personal Data Protection Commission
Website: https://www.pdpc.gov.sg/
E-mail: qsm@imda.gov.sg
16.Contact Us
We hope this Privacy Policy helped you understand how your personal information is dealt with at
                     Glow AI.  Glow AI will undertake its best effort to make your personal data protected. If
                    you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or would like to
                    exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
                    support@openfaceaisg.com
Glow AI Team