X
Sign in
My Account
Sign out
IN FOCUS:
Six Nations
St Patrick's Day
Donald Trump
Gaza
Ukraine
ieExplains
Life Hacks
ieVideo
Subscribe
Puzzles
Weather
Introduction
Contacts
Information we collect and how we use it
The legal basis for processing your information
When and how your information is shared
Data storage and retention
Consequences of not providing information
Your data rights
International transfers
Your privacy matters
This privacy policy is effective as and from May 28, 2024
Introduction
Your privacy is important to The Irish Examiner and maintaining your trust is paramount to us. We are fully committed to keeping your personal information safe.
This privacy policy is intended to provide you with information about the personal information we collect and how that information is used and shared.
We collect personal information about you when you access this website or other websites controlled by us or by a company within our group (including but not limited to The Irish Times, irishtimes.com, Irish Examiner, irishexaminer.com, newsdelivery.ie, myhome.ie, top1000.ie, Irish Times Training, The Echo, echolive.ie, breakingnews.ie, recruitireland.com, Laois Nationalist, laois-nationalist.ie, Kildare Nationalist, kildare-nationalist.ie, Carlow Nationalist, carlow-nationalist.ie, Western People; westernpeople.ie; Waterford News and Star; waterford-news.ie; Roscommon Herald, roscommonherald.ie, RIP.ie and radio stations Beat 102-103, beat102103.com, WLR FM and wlrfm.com.  or when you use any of our products, applications or services (collectively our “Services”).
This document outlines our approach to compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and all other relevant data-protection legislation. It also sets forth your privacy rights. Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our privacy practices.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy we may provide on specific occasions so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
We value your opinions. Should you have any questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please contact us at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, we will notify you prior to the changes taking effect by posting a notice on our websites and, where appropriate, sending you a notification.
Who we are and how to contact us
Throughout this privacy policy, “we” “us” and “ours” refers to The Irish Times DAC and The Irish Times Group. The Irish Times DAC is a registered company with an address at of 24-28 Tara Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. We are the company that controls your data known as the “ data controller” under data protection law. The Irish Times Group means all fully consolidated subsidiaries under the management control of The Irish Times DAC. We can be contacted by email at
services@irishtimes.com
or by phone at +353-1-675 8000.
Data protection contact
We have appointed an internal data protection lead for you to contact if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, our privacy practices or if you wish to exercise your data rights. They can be reached by email at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
or by phone at +353 21 4272722.
We value your opinions. Should you have any questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please contact us at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
.
We collect and use your personal information for a variety of reasons including:
If you register, purchase or subscribe to one of our Services:
To create an account with us
To become a subscriber to the Irish Examiner or to purchase or subscribe to some of our Services, you will need to create an account with us.
We will use your personal information to carry out our obligations arising from any contract you as our customer have entered into with us, including sending important notices such as communications relating to payment, delivery services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and to notify you about changes to our service. We may notify you by phone, post, email, SMS text or through other digital media depending on the content of the notification and your preferred contact mechanism.
We will also use your personal information to provide you
welcome emails
to help you get the most out of the service, and reader
rewards
which may include competitions, events and other offers that are available to our subscribers.
If you cancel your subscription with us, we may use your personal information for direct marketing.
We will only do so with your consent
. We will generally send you direct marketing by email. We will use your information for a reasonable period of time, not exceeding five months, after your relationship with us has ended. Specifically, we will send you a short series of emails to remind you of the benefits of a subscription with us. You have the right to unsubscribe from receiving such communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included at the end of each email communication.
To pay for the Services you have requested from us
We will collect your payment information to pay for any Services you have requested from us. Credit and debit card information is processed directly by PCI-compliant payment providers who perform payment services on our behalf. Occasionally, our employees receive payment information from customers over the phone. When this occurs, the payment information is entered as instructed into the relevant payment system and all other copies are deleted or destroyed immediately.
To place an advertisement
We may process your personal information if you opt to place an advertisement. We only process this information to deliver the advertising service you have requested as per the terms and conditions you accept.
To deliver marketing, promotions and to conduct research
To receive marketing communications
We may periodically send promotional emails about features, events, exclusive offers and competitions to the email address you have provided
– we will only do so with your consent
. We have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing communications tailored to your interests. You may at any time choose not to receive marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included at the end of each email communication.
For competition and promotional purposes
We regularly run competitions or similar promotions. If you choose to enter a competition or promotion, we will use your personal information to administer these promotions and as per the terms and conditions you accept when you enter. In some cases, your competition entry may be shared with the promoter and this will be specified when you enter. If you win a competition, your contact information will be used to notify you as the winner and to award the relevant prize. We will publish your name on our website and indicate the prize you have won.
To participate in a survey or poll
We conduct surveys and polls to gain feedback from, and understand the needs of, our readers, as well as to produce original research for use in our content. Your participation is entirely voluntary. You may consent to the Irish Examiner contacting you at the email address provided to participate in this research. From time to time, upon completing a survey or poll, we may ask for your email address for competition, promotional or gifting purposes. Participation is entirely voluntary and this information is processed and stored separately from the information you provide us for the survey or poll. Where you provide this information to us, it will be processed only to administer the competition or promotion.
Conducting Surveys and Gathering Feedback
We will use your email address to invite you to participate in optional surveys designed to improve our services and understand your preferences.
Demographic and Attitudinal Analysis
We may collect additional socio-demographic (not limited to age, gender and location) and attitudinal information (including your perceptions and any interests you would like to share) to better understand our subscriber base and tailor content and offers relevant to your interests.
Enhancing User Understanding
Profile data may be combined with behavioural data (from web analytics) to provide us with deeper insights into our subscribers' preferences and interests. This helps us improve our services and deliver content that is relevant and engaging for our audience.
We also conduct topic-specific surveys within editorial articles. Your participation in these surveys is entirely voluntary. We will collect your contact details for the purposes of verifying your identity with you, and to follow up on the comments you contribute. Any details you include in these surveys will never be shared or used for any other purpose without your consent.
From time to time, upon completing a survey or poll, we may ask for your email address for competition, promotional or gifting purposes. Participation is entirely voluntary and this information is processed and stored separately from the information you provide us for the survey or poll. Where you provide this information to us, it will be processed only to administer the competition or promotion.
To deliver our content to you
To provide you with an email newsletter
We offer a number of
email newsletters
. We will only send you these newsletters with your explicit consent. We collect and use your information to send you the newsletter(s) you have requested and in some cases to personalise the email we send. You can opt out at any time by unsubscribing at the bottom of each email newsletter communication.
To share our content
We provide tools that enable users of our services to share or forward our content to a nominated email address. If someone else shares our content with you, we may temporarily collect your email address for the purpose of sharing the requested content. We will only use this information to fulfil the sharing request and this contact information is not retained by us. By providing us with your email address, the third party that initiates the sharing request indicates they have your consent to share our content with you.
To understand how you use our services
To track how you gain access to or read our content
We collect information relating to your use of our services to track how you gain access to or read our content. We use cookies and similar technologies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to log your use of our services as follows:
When you sign up for or subscribe to one of our services, we will track and aggregate non-personal information previously collected about you through our services with the personal information provided when you register or subscribe. If we link other data with your personal information we will treat that linked data as personal information for as long as it remains combined. We use this information to evaluate your personal preferences and interests, which under the GDPR may constitute as customer profiling. We do so in pursuit of our legitimate interests which are:
To research and improve the Irish Examiner’s products, services, and customer communications
To understand which content you find useful or interesting
To develop and maintain relationships with our customers and readers
To deliver relevant content to our readers
To understand the demographics of our customers and readers
To send direct marketing to our subscribers or former subscribers.
You have the right to object to this processing. If you wish to do so please manage your preferences in Cookie Settings via our
Cookie Policy
.
We log technical information that your browser sends us including: the internet protocol (IP) address; browser type and version; time-zone setting; access time; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system; and platform and device type
We log usage information about the use of our website and services, including: a history of the pages viewed and other actions taken, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site; articles, content and products viewed or searched for; page response times; download errors; length of visits to certain pages; page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number
Technical information, including: the type of mobile device used; unique mobile identifies, such as the devices IMEI number; mobile network information; the mobile operating system; the type of mobile browser used; and the time-zone setting
Details of our mobile applications used including but not limited to: traffic data; location data; weblogs; and other communication data and the resources accessed
We use cookies and similar technologies to facilitate our Services in the retrieving of your user preferences; to personalise your visits; for the operation of our website; to collect statistical information about our visitors for analytical purposes (we use Google Analytics, Google Signals and Comscore); to simplify any sign-in procedures; understand user numbers, demographics and interests; and to provide social media features.
For more information on the use of cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy.
To measure the effectiveness of our email communications
We use such technologies to determine whether you’ve opened an email communication from us or clicked on a link contained in an email. Collecting information in this manner allows us to gather statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our services and products, including our email newsletters and direct marketing communications, in our legitimate interest.
To support our advertising services
Third-party vendors, including Google, display advertising on our Services. Some of the ads you see are targeted based on interests that have been inferred from the type of content you view when visiting our site or other sites. This type of behavioural advertising is targeted towards groups of users in an anonymous and aggregated manner as opposed to you as an individual. We also use data collected upon registration to estimate gender for the purpose of targeted advertising. Such online advertising helps support the content, products and services we provide.
The third-party vendors (such as advertising networks) use third-party cookies together to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your browsing activities and interests. When you visit our Site, your browser redirects to the third party vendor and information is transmitted from your browser to this third party vendor.
Any information transmitted to advertisers and advertising networks in this manner is non-personally identifiable.
Advertising networks may use cookies and similar technologies to track you in order to measure the effectiveness of the ads they serve, detect fraudulent traffic, or to create a browsing profile that is used to deliver more relevant ads. These cookies are only set with your consent. We will collect this consent when you sign up for your subscription. For more information on how to manage advertising cookies please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Embedded Content
Sometimes we use image, videos and content from other sites on our site. These third party sites may set cookies when you access such content. We have no control over the information they collect or how they use this information. You should review the privacy policies of these third parties before accessing any such content.
To deliver recruitment services to you
To apply for a job with us
If you apply for a job within The Irish Times Group, you may provide us with certain personal information about yourself. We will use this information for the purpose of processing and responding to your application, to assess your suitability as a potential candidate and for current and future career opportunities.
To attend one of our events
We host many events throughout the year. These include but are not limited to breakfast briefings, live content events, live lectures, podcast recordings, training, conferences and seminars.
If you register for one of our events, we will collect personal information from you. We will use your information to register for the event, process your payment and provide you with information and services associated with the event. In some cases, we make audio or video recordings of these events and we may record information about you as a consequence. We will always inform you in advance if the event is being recorded so that you can choose not to participate if wish. Registration for our events is voluntary. Once you register, however, we process your personal information as per the terms and conditions of that specific event and on the lawful processing ground of contract.
Other
To monitor our premises with CCTV camera surveillance
Our premises at Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork (T23 RCH6), are monitored by CCTV security cameras. We may record personal information about you if you visit our offices or walk in close proximity to our business premises.
CCTV notices are on display outside our building to inform you of our practices and to give you advance notice of any recording.
We are processing CCTV video surveillance data generally without your consent in pursuit of our legitimate interests to protect the rights, property and safety of The Irish Times DAC and the rights, property and safety of our employees or others.
The CCTV surveillance information we collect may be shared with An Garda Síochána or other third parties where we are required to do so by law.
To correspond with you
If you correspond with us, we will use your contact information to respond to your inquiry. We process this information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to develop and maintain relationships with our customers and readers.
To manage our everyday business needs
We may use your personal information to manage our every business needs, including for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, troubleshooting, accounting, providing customer service, technical support and fraud prevention in our legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest is the effective management of our business.
To verify your identity
To exercise your data rights, we may need to collect additional personal information from you to verify your identity and to process your request.
When you provide professional services to us
You may provide us with your personal information if you provide professional services to us. We process this information so we can administer, manage and pay for the relevant services you provide and as per the terms and conditions of our contract.
Anonymous information we process
We process data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual and therefore cannot be reasonably used to identify or contact you. Aggregated and anonymous data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this privacy policy.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
We use app push notifications to inform you about breaking news, live event coverage and other top stories. We do not process any personal information and cannot establish the identity of the users who have subscribed to receive these notifications.  We may occasionally use push notifications to send you marketing material which may be of interest to you. You may receive these notifications based on your location, operating device and/or interests that are derived from your use of our Services. You can control your push notification and location settings directly on your mobile device. It should be noted that iOS devices operate on the basis of opting-in to push notifications whereas Android devices operate on the basis of opting out.
We collect your information for a number of purposes and rely on a number of different legal bases to use your personal information.
To enter into and perform a contract with you
We use your personal information to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us or to take the necessary steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with us including:
To provide you with the subscription, services or products you have requested
To process your payment information
To authenticate and verify your account
To provide customer and technical support
To administer competitions or similar promotions
To provide our recruitment services to you when requested
To pay for the services you may professionally provide to us
To send important notices such as communications relating to payment, delivery services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and to notify you about changes to our service
To keep you informed of the benefits of your subscription
To ensure you get the most out of your subscription
To deliver exclusive content and benefits to our subscribers
With your consent, which can be withdrawn at any time
We will, in certain circumstances, rely on your explicit consent to process your personal information. Where we do, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. In most circumstances, your consent can be withdrawn by following the unsubscribe instructions included at the end of each email communication from us, or, with respect to cookies, at <
Cookie Settings
. You can also contact us at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
and we will be happy to facilitate your request.
To comply with our legal obligations
We may be required to process your personal information to comply with certain legal obligations to which we are subject, including:
Providing information to an Garda Síochána, the Revenue Commissioners or other Government bodies or agencies when required to do so by law
If you have exercised one of your data rights, we will retain a copy of all correspondence to demonstrate our compliance with data-protection legislation
If you have exercised one of your data rights and ask us not to contact you by email at a particular email address, we will need to retain a copy of that email address in order to comply with your no-contact request
To carry out our statutory audit
Processing based on our legitimate interests
We process your personal information for carefully considered and specific purposes which are in our legitimate interests and enable us to enhance the services we provide, but which we also believe benefit our customers. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests. You have the right, free of charge, to object to our use of your personal information for our legitimate interests. If you wish to do so contact us at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
. Please bear in mind that if you do object, this may affect our ability to carry out certain tasks for your benefit.
Where you object to our use of your personal information for our legitimate interests, we may continue to process your personal data, despite your objection, where there are compelling legitimate grounds to do so. We will always ensure there is a fair balance between our legitimate interests and your fundamental right and freedoms.
We process personal information for the following legitimate business purposes:
To manage our everyday business needs and for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, troubleshooting, accounting, providing customer service, technical support and fraud prevention
To understand which content you find useful or interesting
To support our advertising services
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns, email campaigns and advertising
To research and improve the Irish Examiner’s products, services, and customer communications
To ensure content from our site and mobile applications is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device
To develop and maintain relationships with our customers and readers
To better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of our Services
To protect you against fraud and to detect, prevent, investigate security or technical issues to ensure our Services are secure
To protect the rights, property and safety of The Irish Times DAC or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others
To understand the demographics of our customers and readers
Processing for journalistic purposes
As a news publishing organisation, the Irish Examiner processes personal data for the purpose of exercising the right to freedom of expression and information and for journalistic purposes.
This processing is exempt from compliance with certain obligations of the GDPR.
We may process your personal information for journalistic purposes where you submit content to be published online and in our printed publications
Where you have voluntarily contributed your experience to us and we publish this information
If we publish a letter you have written to the Editor
It is important to understand that certain rights which you have in relation to your personal information may not apply where that data is processed for journalistic purposes.
Within our group
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and use it in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
Bundle subscriptions
We may share your personal information with any member of our group if the service you have requested is fulfilled by them. For example, where subscriptions are offered as part of a bundle, if the digital access is provided by a member of our group, we will share your personal information to fulfil the services you have requested.
With third parties
We may share your personal information with third parties for a number of reasons as outlined below. We do not sell your personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery or fulfilment of our services and or are working on our behalf. We contractually require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorised access, use, and disclosure.
Third-party service providers
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers which perform services and functions at our direction and on our behalf such as our accountants, IT service providers, printers, payment providers, lawyers, providers of security and administration services and other business advisers.
Third-party service partners
We provide certain services and run promotions in conjunction with third parties and we may share your personal information if the service you have requested is fulfilled by them. These third parties have their own security and privacy policies. You are advised to review these separately.
Third-party data controllers
We may share your personal information with third parties that may receive and process your personal information as a data controller in their own right. In the context of delivering an order or product to your address, we will share your shipping information with our delivery partners who will use it for the purposes of picking up, delivering and tracking your shipment. Our delivery partners may further use this information to plan delivery routes, to optimise and improve transportation operations and to enhance route and network planning tools such as maps, etc. As such, these third parties act as a data controller in their own right in respect of any shipping information that they hold. You can obtain more information about the delivery partners we use, how they process and treat your personal information and how to exercise your data rights by contacting us at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
Third-party advertisers
We disclose non-personally identifiable anonymous information to third-party advertisers to help them reach the kind of audience they want to target. We share summary aggregate reports for our advertisers to measure the effectiveness of the ads they have served. These advertising parties may combine the information we send with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Independent auditors
We may share your personal data with a third-party auditing organisation (ABC) in accordance with our legitimate interests to verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or to review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards.
Social networking sites
Our website and mobile applications use interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to like or share information from our sites through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service.
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information no longer than is necessary to comply with our business and legal obligations. Where we enter into a legal contract with you, we will hold your personal information for a period of seven years from the date of completion of this contract by reference to the statute of limitation for a legal claim under contract.
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
You have several rights under data-protection law in relation to how we use your personal information. You have the right, free of charge, to:
Request a copy of the personal information we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format
Rectify any inaccurate personal information we hold about you
Withdraw your consent where we have relied upon your consent to process your information
Erase the personal information we hold about you subject to certain exceptions
If technically feasible, have your personal information transmitted to another data controller in a machine readable format at your request
Restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
Object to our use of your personal information for our legitimate interests, for profiling and for direct marketing purposes
Not be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing where that decision produces a legal effect on you or otherwise significantly affects you. We do not make automated decisions of this nature.
Lodge a complaint
with the appropriate data-protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal data
These rights are in some circumstances limited by data-protection legislation. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please fill out
this form
, or contact us at
dataprotection@examiner.ie
. We will take measures to verify your identify which we will do by reference to copies of acceptable identification documentation supplied by you.
We will endeavour to respond to your request within a month. If we are unable to deal with your request within a month we may extend this period by a further two months and we will contact you and explain why.
We may transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection and in such circumstances we take specific steps, in accordance with data protection law to protect your personal information. In particular, for transfers of personal data outside the EEA we rely either on an adequacy decision by the European Commission or on contractual protection approved by the European Commission.
Stay connected. Download our mobile apps on
Live News
ePaper
We value your privacy
We and our
83
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I ACCEPT
MANAGE MY SETTINGS
Your Privacy Preferences
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
ALLOW ALL
Manage your settings
ALWAYS ON
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Cookies‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Cookies‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Cookies‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Cookies‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks and to view content from social media sites. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools or view content from social media sites.
View Cookies‎
ALWAYS ON
These features correspond to the means of processing that can be used by vendors solely in pursuit of one or several purposes for which users are always given a choice. Features are a use of the data once you have already agreed to share it with us.
Match and combine data from other data sources
52 partners can use this feature
Switch Label
label
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Link different devices
51 partners can use this feature
Switch Label
label
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
50 partners can use this feature
Switch Label
label
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
ALWAYS ON
We use your data for these purposes so we can deliver our services to you. For these purposes no reading and/or writing operation takes place in the user’s terminal.
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
55 partners can use this special purpose
Switch Label
label
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
Deliver and present advertising and content
57 partners can use this special purpose
Switch Label
label
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Save and communicate privacy choices
47 partners can use this special purpose
Switch Label
label
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
67 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
64 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
62 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
Create profiles to personalise content
24 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
Use profiles to select personalised content
20 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
Measure advertising performance
76 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
32 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
58 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
69 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
15 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label