Privacy Policy
Our apps do not collect or share personal information. Period.
We just don’t. We have nowhere to store it. We don’t even have a server database to store it.
So if someone asked nicely to see your data, we wouldn’t have anything to show them.
That’s why, with our apps,
what happens on your device stays on your device
.
Last updated: September 16, 2018 • The original idea of the above Privacy Policy belongs to
"The World’s Greatest Privacy Policy"
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://web.archive.org/web/20201112014618/http://ecquire.com/blog/privacy-policy/:
The Wayback Machine - http://ecquire.com/blog/privacy-policy/
Close
Login
Update your CRM from Gmail, LinkedIn & more
Capture messages, emails and contact details from Gmail, AngelList, CrunchBase & more and send it right to your CRM.
Add to Chrome
Free 14-day trial. No registration or credit card required.
Recent Posts
GDPR
Install to Import: Getting Started with Ecquire to Boost Your Productivity
PayPal Working Capital – b12 for B2B Saas Companies
The World’s Greatest Privacy Policy – A 2018 update!
Big Hairy Awesome Changes Coming to Ecquire
Subscribe
Even if you don't visit our site on a regular basis, you can get the latest posts delivered to you for free via Email:
Email Address
The Ecquire Blog
Work productivity tips and CRM hacks for the leading enterprise
WE DO NOT STORE ANY DATA OR MESSAGES YOU SEND TO YOUR CONTACTS AND CRM.  PERIOD.
We physically can’t.  We have nowhere to store it.  We don’t even have a server database to store it.  So even if Justin Bieber asked nicely to see your data, we wouldn’t have anything to show him.
That’s why, with Ecquire,
what happens on your computer stays on your computer.
Whenever you want to send your data to your CRM like Salesforce or Google Docs, your data only moves when you tell it to – over the secure connections of those services and your browser. No middleman is between your communications.  We’re proud to be able to say this.
However, there is only one time we would ever see your data – that’s when you submit a bug report.  These reports are meant for debugging purposes and are routinely deleted.
We’re doing away with logging bug reports and solely relying on Mixpanel for debugging and event tracking.
Mixpanel
is an industry standard analytics tool.  It allows us to see that an event happened, like “Justin Bieber sent data to a CRM” or “Justin Bieber uninstalled and reinstalled Ecquire”.  We cannot see any contacts or messages exchanged however as mentioned above. Mixpanel helps us understand how our customers use Ecquire, ways to improve Ecquire and where customers are getting stuck.
We do save your email. Your email is required to create your account with Ecquire.
Your billing information is stored in Recurly.  This is where you are able to manage your subscription and billing information.
All of your emails to our support@ecquire.com are stored in Helpscout.
If at any time you wish for us to copy, modify or remove your information, you may do so by sending us an email through support@ecquire.com
When you install Ecquire, Chrome indicates the extension can access “your data on all websites.” If you’re into privacy like we’re into privacy, that should freak you out.
Chrome has to give this warning because there’s a lot of people developing extensions out there. We can only speak for ourselves: Ecquire will only access the sites you explicitly ask it to (such as Gmail, Linkedin, Facebook, and Twitter). Most importantly, you’ll always be able to tell when Ecquire is running.
We built Ecquire for you the way we want other people to build services for us: no more passwords, no more registrations, no more worrying about one more place where my data is and no possibility of anyone seeing our personal data.
6 Comments on “
The World’s Greatest Privacy Policy – A 2018 update!
”
Bill Pasnau
February 10, 2012 at 9:14 pm
You’re spot on, this is the best privacy policy of all time.  I wish your company tremendous success.  Hopefully you’ll be able to teach your philosophy to many other organizations.  Can’t wait to check out how your product works!
Reply
We Break Every Rule of Tech Startups | Ecquire
May 7, 2012 at 8:27 pm
[…] have the world’s greatest privacy policy because we don’t ask users for their email or to create passwords (while still being very […]
Reply
Dixon
March 8, 2014 at 12:54 pm
That has very much helped me in deciding whether to try you. I’m the sad guy that reads this stuff.
Reply
Paul DeJoe
March 8, 2014 at 2:59 pm
You say, “sad guy”, Dixon.  We say “Hero”.
Reply
Privacy Policy If No Personal Data Is Collected - TermsFeed
January 12, 2015 at 3:00 pm
[…] Here’s a part of a very short privacy policy from Ecquire, named “The World’s Greatest Privacy Policy”: […]
Reply
Turn Google Docs into a CRM in 5 steps | Ecquire
May 9, 2015 at 2:42 pm
[…] an email like normal, Ecquire will capture profiles and the messages for you automatically and with the best privacy and security imaginable… After you send your email you’ll see this over the Ecquire Icon in your Chrome URL bar… […]
Reply
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Comment
Name
*
Email
*
Website
Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
Notify me of new posts by email.
Search for:
Categories
Contact Management
CRM Guide
CRM Workflow
Ecquire
Ecquire Guide
Lead Management
News
Productivity
Sales
Sales Automation
Sales Hacks
Sales Productivity
Salesforce Guide
Startup
Uncategorized
Work Productivity
Subscribe via Email
Get work productivity tips and CRM hacks for the leading enterprise right to your inbox
Email Address
Back to top
Industry Reputation
The longest-running service in the industry, Ecquire holds top ratings in the Salesforce AppExchange and Google Chrome Web Store.
Maximum Security
Ecquire can't physically access your CRM data. Period. The only connection is between your computer and your CRM.
Zero-Fluff Support
Our specialists are fully-trained engineers releasing frequent updates. Reach us directly from inside the app.